# 7\. Dataset loading utilities

The `sklearn.datasets` package embeds some small toy datasets as introduced in
the Getting Started section.

This package also features helpers to fetch larger datasets commonly used by
the machine learning community to benchmark algorithms on data that comes from
the ‘real world’.

To evaluate the impact of the scale of the dataset (`n_samples` and
`n_features`) while controlling the statistical properties of the data
(typically the correlation and informativeness of the features), it is also
possible to generate synthetic data.

General dataset API. There are three main kinds of dataset interfaces that can
be used to get datasets depending on the desired type of dataset.

The dataset loaders. They can be used to load small standard datasets,
described in the Toy datasets section.

The dataset fetchers. They can be used to download and load larger datasets,
described in the Real world datasets section.

Both loaders and fetchers functions return a `Bunch` object holding at least
two items: an array of shape `n_samples` * `n_features` with key `data`
(except for 20newsgroups) and a numpy array of length `n_samples`, containing
the target values, with key `target`.

The Bunch object is a dictionary that exposes its keys as attributes. For more
information about Bunch object, see `Bunch`.

It’s also possible for almost all of these function to constrain the output to
be a tuple containing only the data and the target, by setting the
`return_X_y` parameter to `True`.

The datasets also contain a full description in their `DESCR` attribute and
some contain `feature_names` and `target_names`. See the dataset descriptions
below for details.

The dataset generation functions. They can be used to generate controlled
synthetic datasets, described in the Generated datasets section.

These functions return a tuple `(X, y)` consisting of a `n_samples` *
`n_features` numpy array `X` and an array of length `n_samples` containing the
targets `y`.

In addition, there are also miscellaneous tools to load datasets of other
formats or from other locations, described in the Loading other datasets
section.

  * 7.1. Toy datasets
    * 7.1.1. Boston house prices dataset
    * 7.1.2. Iris plants dataset
    * 7.1.3. Diabetes dataset
    * 7.1.4. Optical recognition of handwritten digits dataset
    * 7.1.5. Linnerrud dataset
    * 7.1.6. Wine recognition dataset
    * 7.1.7. Breast cancer wisconsin (diagnostic) dataset
  * 7.2. Real world datasets
    * 7.2.1. The Olivetti faces dataset
    * 7.2.2. The 20 newsgroups text dataset
    * 7.2.3. The Labeled Faces in the Wild face recognition dataset
    * 7.2.4. Forest covertypes
    * 7.2.5. RCV1 dataset
    * 7.2.6. Kddcup 99 dataset
    * 7.2.7. California Housing dataset
  * 7.3. Generated datasets
    * 7.3.1. Generators for classification and clustering
    * 7.3.2. Generators for regression
    * 7.3.3. Generators for manifold learning
    * 7.3.4. Generators for decomposition
  * 7.4. Loading other datasets
    * 7.4.1. Sample images
    * 7.4.2. Datasets in svmlight / libsvm format
    * 7.4.3. Downloading datasets from the openml.org repository
    * 7.4.4. Loading from external datasets

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/datasets.html

