# Testing tools

Django provides a small set of tools that come in handy when writing tests.

## The test client

The test client is a Python class that acts as a dummy web browser, allowing
you to test your views and interact with your Django-powered application
programmatically.

Some of the things you can do with the test client are:

  * Simulate GET and POST requests on a URL and observe the response – everything from low-level HTTP (result headers and status codes) to page content.
  * See the chain of redirects (if any) and check the URL and status code at each step.
  * Test that a given request is rendered by a given Django template, with a template context that contains certain values.

Note that the test client is not intended to be a replacement for Selenium or
other “in-browser” frameworks. Django’s test client has a different focus. In
short:

  * Use Django’s test client to establish that the correct template is being rendered and that the template is passed the correct context data.
  * Use in-browser frameworks like Selenium to test rendered HTML and the behavior of web pages, namely JavaScript functionality. Django also provides special support for those frameworks; see the section on `LiveServerTestCase` for more details.

A comprehensive test suite should use a combination of both test types.

### Overview and a quick example

To use the test client, instantiate `django.test.Client` and retrieve web
pages:

    
    >>> from django.test import Client
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> response = c.post('/login/', {'username': 'john', 'password': 'smith'})
    >>> response.status_code
    200
    >>> response = c.get('/customer/details/')
    >>> response.content
    b'<!DOCTYPE html...'
    
As this example suggests, you can instantiate `Client` from within a session
of the Python interactive interpreter.

Note a few important things about how the test client works:

  * The test client does not require the web server to be running. In fact, it will run just fine with no web server running at all! That’s because it avoids the overhead of HTTP and deals directly with the Django framework. This helps make the unit tests run quickly. 
  * When retrieving pages, remember to specify the path of the URL, not the whole domain. For example, this is correct:
        >>> c.get('/login/')
    
This is incorrect:

        >>> c.get('https://www.example.com/login/')
    
The test client is not capable of retrieving web pages that are not powered by
your Django project. If you need to retrieve other web pages, use a Python
standard library module such as `urllib`.

  * To resolve URLs, the test client uses whatever URLconf is pointed-to by your `ROOT_URLCONF` setting. 
  * Although the above example would work in the Python interactive interpreter, some of the test client’s functionality, notably the template-related functionality, is only available while tests are running.
The reason for this is that Django’s test runner performs a bit of black magic
in order to determine which template was loaded by a given view. This black
magic (essentially a patching of Django’s template system in memory) only
happens during test running.

  * By default, the test client will disable any CSRF checks performed by your site.
If, for some reason, you want the test client to perform CSRF checks, you can
create an instance of the test client that enforces CSRF checks. To do this,
pass in the `enforce_csrf_checks` argument when you construct your client:

        >>> from django.test import Client
    >>> csrf_client = Client(enforce_csrf_checks=True)
    

### Making requests

Use the `django.test.Client` class to make requests.

`class Client(enforce_csrf_checks=False, json_encoder=DjangoJSONEncoder,
**defaults)`

    
It requires no arguments at time of construction. However, you can use keyword
arguments to specify some default headers. For example, this will send a
`User-Agent` HTTP header in each request:

    
    >>> c = Client(HTTP_USER_AGENT='Mozilla/5.0')
    
The values from the `extra` keyword arguments passed to `get()`, `post()`,
etc. have precedence over the defaults passed to the class constructor.

The `enforce_csrf_checks` argument can be used to test CSRF protection (see
above).

The `json_encoder` argument allows setting a custom JSON encoder for the JSON
serialization that’s described in `post()`.

The `raise_request_exception` argument allows controlling whether or not
exceptions raised during the request should also be raised in the test.
Defaults to `True`.

Once you have a `Client` instance, you can call any of the following methods:

`get(path, data=None, follow=False, secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a GET request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object,
which is documented below.

The key-value pairs in the `data` dictionary are used to create a GET data
payload. For example:

    
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> c.get('/customers/details/', {'name': 'fred', 'age': 7})
    
…will result in the evaluation of a GET request equivalent to:

    
    /customers/details/?name=fred&age=7
    
The `extra` keyword arguments parameter can be used to specify headers to be
sent in the request. For example:

    
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> c.get('/customers/details/', {'name': 'fred', 'age': 7},
    ...       HTTP_ACCEPT='application/json')
    
…will send the HTTP header `HTTP_ACCEPT` to the details view, which is a good
way to test code paths that use the `django.http.HttpRequest.accepts()`
method.

CGI specification

The headers sent via `**extra` should follow CGI specification. For example,
emulating a different “Host” header as sent in the HTTP request from the
browser to the server should be passed as `HTTP_HOST`.

If you already have the GET arguments in URL-encoded form, you can use that
encoding instead of using the data argument. For example, the previous GET
request could also be posed as:

    
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> c.get('/customers/details/?name=fred&age=7')
    
If you provide a URL with both an encoded GET data and a data argument, the
data argument will take precedence.

If you set `follow` to `True` the client will follow any redirects and a
`redirect_chain` attribute will be set in the response object containing
tuples of the intermediate urls and status codes.

If you had a URL `/redirect_me/` that redirected to `/next/`, that redirected
to `/final/`, this is what you’d see:

    
    >>> response = c.get('/redirect_me/', follow=True)
    >>> response.redirect_chain
    [('http://testserver/next/', 302), ('http://testserver/final/', 302)]
    
If you set `secure` to `True` the client will emulate an HTTPS request.

`post(path, data=None, content_type=MULTIPART_CONTENT, follow=False,
secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a POST request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object,
which is documented below.

The key-value pairs in the `data` dictionary are used to submit POST data. For
example:

    
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> c.post('/login/', {'name': 'fred', 'passwd': 'secret'})
    
…will result in the evaluation of a POST request to this URL:

    
    /login/
    
…with this POST data:

    
    name=fred&passwd=secret
    
If you provide `content_type` as application/json, the `data` is serialized
using `json.dumps()` if it’s a dict, list, or tuple. Serialization is
performed with `DjangoJSONEncoder` by default, and can be overridden by
providing a `json_encoder` argument to `Client`. This serialization also
happens for `put()`, `patch()`, and `delete()` requests.

If you provide any other `content_type` (e.g. text/xml for an XML payload),
the contents of `data` are sent as-is in the POST request, using
`content_type` in the HTTP `Content-Type` header.

If you don’t provide a value for `content_type`, the values in `data` will be
transmitted with a content type of multipart/form-data. In this case, the key-
value pairs in `data` will be encoded as a multipart message and used to
create the POST data payload.

To submit multiple values for a given key – for example, to specify the
selections for a `<select multiple>` – provide the values as a list or tuple
for the required key. For example, this value of `data` would submit three
selected values for the field named `choices`:

    
    {'choices': ('a', 'b', 'd')}
    
Submitting files is a special case. To POST a file, you need only provide the
file field name as a key, and a file handle to the file you wish to upload as
a value. For example:

    
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> with open('wishlist.doc', 'rb') as fp:
    ...     c.post('/customers/wishes/', {'name': 'fred', 'attachment': fp})
    
(The name `attachment` here is not relevant; use whatever name your file-
processing code expects.)

You may also provide any file-like object (e.g., `StringIO` or `BytesIO`) as a
file handle. If you’re uploading to an `ImageField`, the object needs a `name`
attribute that passes the `validate_image_file_extension` validator. For
example:

    
    >>> from io import BytesIO
    >>> img = BytesIO(b'mybinarydata')
    >>> img.name = 'myimage.jpg'
    
Note that if you wish to use the same file handle for multiple `post()` calls
then you will need to manually reset the file pointer between posts. The
easiest way to do this is to manually close the file after it has been
provided to `post()`, as demonstrated above.

You should also ensure that the file is opened in a way that allows the data
to be read. If your file contains binary data such as an image, this means you
will need to open the file in `rb` (read binary) mode.

The `extra` argument acts the same as for `Client.get()`.

If the URL you request with a POST contains encoded parameters, these
parameters will be made available in the request.GET data. For example, if you
were to make the request:

    
    >>> c.post('/login/?visitor=true', {'name': 'fred', 'passwd': 'secret'})
    
… the view handling this request could interrogate request.POST to retrieve
the username and password, and could interrogate request.GET to determine if
the user was a visitor.

If you set `follow` to `True` the client will follow any redirects and a
`redirect_chain` attribute will be set in the response object containing
tuples of the intermediate urls and status codes.

If you set `secure` to `True` the client will emulate an HTTPS request.

`head(path, data=None, follow=False, secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a HEAD request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object.
This method works just like `Client.get()`, including the `follow`, `secure`
and `extra` arguments, except it does not return a message body.

`options(path, data='', content_type='application/octet-stream', follow=False,
secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes an OPTIONS request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response`
object. Useful for testing RESTful interfaces.

When `data` is provided, it is used as the request body, and a `Content-Type`
header is set to `content_type`.

The `follow`, `secure` and `extra` arguments act the same as for
`Client.get()`.

`put(path, data='', content_type='application/octet-stream', follow=False,
secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a PUT request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object.
Useful for testing RESTful interfaces.

When `data` is provided, it is used as the request body, and a `Content-Type`
header is set to `content_type`.

The `follow`, `secure` and `extra` arguments act the same as for
`Client.get()`.

`patch(path, data='', content_type='application/octet-stream', follow=False,
secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a PATCH request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object.
Useful for testing RESTful interfaces.

The `follow`, `secure` and `extra` arguments act the same as for
`Client.get()`.

`delete(path, data='', content_type='application/octet-stream', follow=False,
secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a DELETE request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object.
Useful for testing RESTful interfaces.

When `data` is provided, it is used as the request body, and a `Content-Type`
header is set to `content_type`.

The `follow`, `secure` and `extra` arguments act the same as for
`Client.get()`.

`trace(path, follow=False, secure=False, **extra)`

    
Makes a TRACE request on the provided `path` and returns a `Response` object.
Useful for simulating diagnostic probes.

Unlike the other request methods, `data` is not provided as a keyword
parameter in order to comply with RFC 7231#section-4.3.8, which mandates that
TRACE requests must not have a body.

The `follow`, `secure`, and `extra` arguments act the same as for
`Client.get()`.

`login(**credentials)`

    
If your site uses Django’s authentication system and you deal with logging in
users, you can use the test client’s `login()` method to simulate the effect
of a user logging into the site.

After you call this method, the test client will have all the cookies and
session data required to pass any login-based tests that may form part of a
view.

The format of the `credentials` argument depends on which authentication
backend you’re using (which is configured by your `AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS`
setting). If you’re using the standard authentication backend provided by
Django (`ModelBackend`), `credentials` should be the user’s username and
password, provided as keyword arguments:

    
    >>> c = Client()
    >>> c.login(username='fred', password='secret')
    
    # Now you can access a view that's only available to logged-in users.
    
If you’re using a different authentication backend, this method may require
different credentials. It requires whichever credentials are required by your
backend’s `authenticate()` method.

`login()` returns `True` if it the credentials were accepted and login was
successful.

Finally, you’ll need to remember to create user accounts before you can use
this method. As we explained above, the test runner is executed using a test
database, which contains no users by default. As a result, user accounts that
are valid on your production site will not work under test conditions. You’ll
need to create users as part of the test suite – either manually (using the
Django model API) or with a test fixture. Remember that if you want your test
user to have a password, you can’t set the user’s password by setting the
password attribute directly – you must use the `set_password()` function to
store a correctly hashed password. Alternatively, you can use the
`create_user()` helper method to create a new user with a correctly hashed
password.

`force_login(user, backend=None)`

    
If your site uses Django’s authentication system, you can use the
`force_login()` method to simulate the effect of a user logging into the site.
Use this method instead of `login()` when a test requires a user be logged in
and the details of how a user logged in aren’t important.

Unlike `login()`, this method skips the authentication and verification steps:
inactive users (`is_active=False`) are permitted to login and the user’s
credentials don’t need to be provided.

The user will have its `backend` attribute set to the value of the `backend`
argument (which should be a dotted Python path string), or to
`settings.AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS[0]` if a value isn’t provided. The
`authenticate()` function called by `login()` normally annotates the user like
this.

This method is faster than `login()` since the expensive password hashing
algorithms are bypassed. Also, you can speed up `login()` by using a weaker
hasher while testing.

`logout()`

    
If your site uses Django’s authentication system, the `logout()` method can be
used to simulate the effect of a user logging out of your site.

After you call this method, the test client will have all the cookies and
session data cleared to defaults. Subsequent requests will appear to come from
an `AnonymousUser`.

### Testing responses

The `get()` and `post()` methods both return a `Response` object. This
`Response` object is not the same as the `HttpResponse` object returned by
Django views; the test response object has some additional data useful for
test code to verify.

Specifically, a `Response` object has the following attributes:

`class Response`

    
`client`

    
The test client that was used to make the request that resulted in the
response.

`content`

    
The body of the response, as a bytestring. This is the final page content as
rendered by the view, or any error message.

`context`

    
The template `Context` instance that was used to render the template that
produced the response content.

If the rendered page used multiple templates, then `context` will be a list of
`Context` objects, in the order in which they were rendered.

Regardless of the number of templates used during rendering, you can retrieve
context values using the `[]` operator. For example, the context variable
`name` could be retrieved using:

    
    >>> response = client.get('/foo/')
    >>> response.context['name']
    'Arthur'
    
Not using Django templates?

This attribute is only populated when using the `DjangoTemplates` backend. If
you’re using another template engine, `context_data` may be a suitable
alternative on responses with that attribute.

`exc_info`

    
A tuple of three values that provides information about the unhandled
exception, if any, that occurred during the view.

The values are (type, value, traceback), the same as returned by Python’s
`sys.exc_info()`. Their meanings are:

  * type: The type of the exception.
  * value: The exception instance.
  * traceback: A traceback object which encapsulates the call stack at the point where the exception originally occurred.

If no exception occurred, then `exc_info` will be `None`.

`json(**kwargs)`

    
The body of the response, parsed as JSON. Extra keyword arguments are passed
to `json.loads()`. For example:

    
    >>> response = client.get('/foo/')
    >>> response.json()['name']
    'Arthur'
    
If the `Content-Type` header is not `"application/json"`, then a `ValueError`
will be raised when trying to parse the response.

`request`

    
The request data that stimulated the response.

`wsgi_request`

    
The `WSGIRequest` instance generated by the test handler that generated the
response.

`status_code`

    
The HTTP status of the response, as an integer. For a full list of defined
codes, see the IANA status code registry.

`templates`

    
A list of `Template` instances used to render the final content, in the order
they were rendered. For each template in the list, use `template.name` to get
the template’s file name, if the template was loaded from a file. (The name is
a string such as `'admin/index.html'`.)

Not using Django templates?

This attribute is only populated when using the `DjangoTemplates` backend. If
you’re using another template engine, `template_name` may be a suitable
alternative if you only need the name of the template used for rendering.

`resolver_match`

    
An instance of `ResolverMatch` for the response. You can use the `func`
attribute, for example, to verify the view that served the response:

    
    # my_view here is a function based view
    self.assertEqual(response.resolver_match.func, my_view)
    
    # class-based views need to be compared by name, as the functions
    # generated by as_view() won't be equal
    self.assertEqual(response.resolver_match.func.__name__, MyView.as_view().__name__)
    
If the given URL is not found, accessing this attribute will raise a
`Resolver404` exception.

As with a normal response, you can also access the headers through
`HttpResponse.headers`. For example, you could determine the content type of a
response using `response.headers['Content-Type']`.

### Exceptions

If you point the test client at a view that raises an exception and
`Client.raise_request_exception` is `True`, that exception will be visible in
the test case. You can then use a standard `try ... except` block or
`assertRaises()` to test for exceptions.

The only exceptions that are not visible to the test client are `Http404`,
`PermissionDenied`, `SystemExit`, and `SuspiciousOperation`. Django catches
these exceptions internally and converts them into the appropriate HTTP
response codes. In these cases, you can check `response.status_code` in your
test.

If `Client.raise_request_exception` is `False`, the test client will return a
500 response as would be returned to a browser. The response has the attribute
`exc_info` to provide information about the unhandled exception.

### Persistent state

The test client is stateful. If a response returns a cookie, then that cookie
will be stored in the test client and sent with all subsequent `get()` and
`post()` requests.

Expiration policies for these cookies are not followed. If you want a cookie
to expire, either delete it manually or create a new `Client` instance (which
will effectively delete all cookies).

A test client has two attributes that store persistent state information. You
can access these properties as part of a test condition.

`Client.cookies`

    
A Python `SimpleCookie` object, containing the current values of all the
client cookies. See the documentation of the `http.cookies` module for more.

`Client.session`

    
A dictionary-like object containing session information. See the session
documentation for full details.

To modify the session and then save it, it must be stored in a variable first
(because a new `SessionStore` is created every time this property is
accessed):

    
    def test_something(self):
        session = self.client.session
        session['somekey'] = 'test'
        session.save()
    
### Setting the language

When testing applications that support internationalization and localization,
you might want to set the language for a test client request. The method for
doing so depends on whether or not the `LocaleMiddleware` is enabled.

If the middleware is enabled, the language can be set by creating a cookie
with a name of `LANGUAGE_COOKIE_NAME` and a value of the language code:

    
    from django.conf import settings
    
    def test_language_using_cookie(self):
        self.client.cookies.load({settings.LANGUAGE_COOKIE_NAME: 'fr'})
        response = self.client.get('/')
        self.assertEqual(response.content, b"Bienvenue sur mon site.")
    
or by including the `Accept-Language` HTTP header in the request:

    
    def test_language_using_header(self):
        response = self.client.get('/', HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE='fr')
        self.assertEqual(response.content, b"Bienvenue sur mon site.")
    
More details are in How Django discovers language preference.

If the middleware isn’t enabled, the active language may be set using
`translation.override()`:

    
    from django.utils import translation
    
    def test_language_using_override(self):
        with translation.override('fr'):
            response = self.client.get('/')
        self.assertEqual(response.content, b"Bienvenue sur mon site.")
    
More details are in Explicitly setting the active language.

### Example

The following is a unit test using the test client:

    
    import unittest
    from django.test import Client
    
    class SimpleTest(unittest.TestCase):
        def setUp(self):
            # Every test needs a client.
            self.client = Client()
    
        def test_details(self):
            # Issue a GET request.
            response = self.client.get('/customer/details/')
    
            # Check that the response is 200 OK.
            self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
    
            # Check that the rendered context contains 5 customers.
            self.assertEqual(len(response.context['customers']), 5)
    
See also

`django.test.RequestFactory`

## Provided test case classes

Normal Python unit test classes extend a base class of `unittest.TestCase`.
Django provides a few extensions of this base class:

![Hierarchy of Django unit testing classes \(TestCase
subclasses\)](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Hierarchy of Django unit testing classes

You can convert a normal `unittest.TestCase` to any of the subclasses: change
the base class of your test from `unittest.TestCase` to the subclass. All of
the standard Python unit test functionality will be available, and it will be
augmented with some useful additions as described in each section below.

### `SimpleTestCase`

`class SimpleTestCase`

A subclass of `unittest.TestCase` that adds this functionality:

  * Some useful assertions like:
    * Checking that a callable `raises a certain exception`.
    * Checking that a callable `triggers a certain warning`.
    * Testing form field `rendering and error treatment`.
    * Testing `HTML responses for the presence/lack of a given fragment`.
    * Verifying that a template `has/hasn't been used to generate a given response content`.
    * Verifying that two `URLs` are equal.
    * Verifying an HTTP `redirect` is performed by the app.
    * Robustly testing two `HTML fragments` for equality/inequality or `containment`.
    * Robustly testing two `XML fragments` for equality/inequality.
    * Robustly testing two `JSON fragments` for equality.
  * The ability to run tests with modified settings.
  * Using the `client` `Client`.

If your tests make any database queries, use subclasses `TransactionTestCase`
or `TestCase`.

`SimpleTestCase.databases`

    
`SimpleTestCase` disallows database queries by default. This helps to avoid
executing write queries which will affect other tests since each
`SimpleTestCase` test isn’t run in a transaction. If you aren’t concerned
about this problem, you can disable this behavior by setting the `databases`
class attribute to `'__all__'` on your test class.

Warning

`SimpleTestCase` and its subclasses (e.g. `TestCase`, …) rely on
`setUpClass()` and `tearDownClass()` to perform some class-wide initialization
(e.g. overriding settings). If you need to override those methods, don’t
forget to call the `super` implementation:

    
    class MyTestCase(TestCase):
    
        @classmethod
        def setUpClass(cls):
            super().setUpClass()
            ...
    
        @classmethod
        def tearDownClass(cls):
            ...
            super().tearDownClass()
    
Be sure to account for Python’s behavior if an exception is raised during
`setUpClass()`. If that happens, neither the tests in the class nor
`tearDownClass()` are run. In the case of `django.test.TestCase`, this will
leak the transaction created in `super()` which results in various symptoms
including a segmentation fault on some platforms (reported on macOS). If you
want to intentionally raise an exception such as `unittest.SkipTest` in
`setUpClass()`, be sure to do it before calling `super()` to avoid this.

### `TransactionTestCase`

`class TransactionTestCase`

`TransactionTestCase` inherits from `SimpleTestCase` to add some database-
specific features:

  * Resetting the database to a known state at the beginning of each test to ease testing and using the ORM.
  * Database `fixtures`.
  * Test skipping based on database backend features.
  * The remaining specialized `assert*` methods.

Django’s `TestCase` class is a more commonly used subclass of
`TransactionTestCase` that makes use of database transaction facilities to
speed up the process of resetting the database to a known state at the
beginning of each test. A consequence of this, however, is that some database
behaviors cannot be tested within a Django `TestCase` class. For instance, you
cannot test that a block of code is executing within a transaction, as is
required when using `select_for_update()`. In those cases, you should use
`TransactionTestCase`.

`TransactionTestCase` and `TestCase` are identical except for the manner in
which the database is reset to a known state and the ability for test code to
test the effects of commit and rollback:

  * A `TransactionTestCase` resets the database after the test runs by truncating all tables. A `TransactionTestCase` may call commit and rollback and observe the effects of these calls on the database.
  * A `TestCase`, on the other hand, does not truncate tables after a test. Instead, it encloses the test code in a database transaction that is rolled back at the end of the test. This guarantees that the rollback at the end of the test restores the database to its initial state.

Warning

`TestCase` running on a database that does not support rollback (e.g. MySQL
with the MyISAM storage engine), and all instances of `TransactionTestCase`,
will roll back at the end of the test by deleting all data from the test
database.

Apps will not see their data reloaded; if you need this functionality (for
example, third-party apps should enable this) you can set `serialized_rollback
= True` inside the `TestCase` body.

### `TestCase`

`class TestCase`

This is the most common class to use for writing tests in Django. It inherits
from `TransactionTestCase` (and by extension `SimpleTestCase`). If your Django
application doesn’t use a database, use `SimpleTestCase`.

The class:

  * Wraps the tests within two nested `atomic()` blocks: one for the whole class and one for each test. Therefore, if you want to test some specific database transaction behavior, use `TransactionTestCase`.
  * Checks deferrable database constraints at the end of each test.

It also provides an additional method:

`classmethod TestCase.setUpTestData()`

    
The class-level `atomic` block described above allows the creation of initial
data at the class level, once for the whole `TestCase`. This technique allows
for faster tests as compared to using `setUp()`.

For example:

    
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class MyTests(TestCase):
        @classmethod
        def setUpTestData(cls):
            # Set up data for the whole TestCase
            cls.foo = Foo.objects.create(bar="Test")
            ...
    
        def test1(self):
            # Some test using self.foo
            ...
    
        def test2(self):
            # Some other test using self.foo
            ...
    
Note that if the tests are run on a database with no transaction support (for
instance, MySQL with the MyISAM engine), `setUpTestData()` will be called
before each test, negating the speed benefits.

Changed in Django 3.2:

Objects assigned to class attributes in `setUpTestData()` must support
creating deep copies with `copy.deepcopy()` in order to isolate them from
alterations performed by each test methods. In previous versions of Django
these objects were reused and changes made to them were persisted between test
methods.

`classmethod TestCase.captureOnCommitCallbacks(using=DEFAULT_DB_ALIAS,
execute=False)`

    
New in Django 3.2.

Returns a context manager that captures `transaction.on_commit()` callbacks
for the given database connection. It returns a list that contains, on exit of
the context, the captured callback functions. From this list you can make
assertions on the callbacks or call them to invoke their side effects,
emulating a commit.

`using` is the alias of the database connection to capture callbacks for.

If `execute` is `True`, all the callbacks will be called as the context
manager exits, if no exception occurred. This emulates a commit after the
wrapped block of code.

For example:

    
    from django.core import mail
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    
    class ContactTests(TestCase):
        def test_post(self):
            with self.captureOnCommitCallbacks(execute=True) as callbacks:
                response = self.client.post(
                    '/contact/',
                    {'message': 'I like your site'},
                )
    
            self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
            self.assertEqual(len(callbacks), 1)
            self.assertEqual(len(mail.outbox), 1)
            self.assertEqual(mail.outbox[0].subject, 'Contact Form')
            self.assertEqual(mail.outbox[0].body, 'I like your site')
    
Changed in Django 4.0:

In older versions, new callbacks added while executing
`transaction.on_commit()` callbacks were not captured.

### `LiveServerTestCase`

`class LiveServerTestCase`

`LiveServerTestCase` does basically the same as `TransactionTestCase` with one
extra feature: it launches a live Django server in the background on setup,
and shuts it down on teardown. This allows the use of automated test clients
other than the Django dummy client such as, for example, the Selenium client,
to execute a series of functional tests inside a browser and simulate a real
user’s actions.

The live server listens on `localhost` and binds to port 0 which uses a free
port assigned by the operating system. The server’s URL can be accessed with
`self.live_server_url` during the tests.

To demonstrate how to use `LiveServerTestCase`, let’s write a Selenium test.
First of all, you need to install the selenium package into your Python path:

    
    $ python -m pip install selenium
    
    
    ...\> py -m pip install selenium
    
Then, add a `LiveServerTestCase`-based test to your app’s tests module (for
example: `myapp/tests.py`). For this example, we’ll assume you’re using the
`staticfiles` app and want to have static files served during the execution of
your tests similar to what we get at development time with `DEBUG=True`, i.e.
without having to collect them using `collectstatic`. We’ll use the
`StaticLiveServerTestCase` subclass which provides that functionality. Replace
it with `django.test.LiveServerTestCase` if you don’t need that.

The code for this test may look as follows:

    
    from django.contrib.staticfiles.testing import StaticLiveServerTestCase
    from selenium.webdriver.firefox.webdriver import WebDriver
    
    class MySeleniumTests(StaticLiveServerTestCase):
        fixtures = ['user-data.json']
    
        @classmethod
        def setUpClass(cls):
            super().setUpClass()
            cls.selenium = WebDriver()
            cls.selenium.implicitly_wait(10)
    
        @classmethod
        def tearDownClass(cls):
            cls.selenium.quit()
            super().tearDownClass()
    
        def test_login(self):
            self.selenium.get('%s%s' % (self.live_server_url, '/login/'))
            username_input = self.selenium.find_element_by_name("username")
            username_input.send_keys('myuser')
            password_input = self.selenium.find_element_by_name("password")
            password_input.send_keys('secret')
            self.selenium.find_element_by_xpath('//input[@value="Log in"]').click()
    
Finally, you may run the test as follows:

    
    $ ./manage.py test myapp.tests.MySeleniumTests.test_login
    
    
    ...\> manage.py test myapp.tests.MySeleniumTests.test_login
    
This example will automatically open Firefox then go to the login page, enter
the credentials and press the “Log in” button. Selenium offers other drivers
in case you do not have Firefox installed or wish to use another browser. The
example above is just a tiny fraction of what the Selenium client can do;
check out the full reference for more details.

Note

When using an in-memory SQLite database to run the tests, the same database
connection will be shared by two threads in parallel: the thread in which the
live server is run and the thread in which the test case is run. It’s
important to prevent simultaneous database queries via this shared connection
by the two threads, as that may sometimes randomly cause the tests to fail. So
you need to ensure that the two threads don’t access the database at the same
time. In particular, this means that in some cases (for example, just after
clicking a link or submitting a form), you might need to check that a response
is received by Selenium and that the next page is loaded before proceeding
with further test execution. Do this, for example, by making Selenium wait
until the `<body>` HTML tag is found in the response (requires Selenium >
2.13):

    
    def test_login(self):
        from selenium.webdriver.support.wait import WebDriverWait
        timeout = 2
        ...
        self.selenium.find_element_by_xpath('//input[@value="Log in"]').click()
        # Wait until the response is received
        WebDriverWait(self.selenium, timeout).until(
            lambda driver: driver.find_element_by_tag_name('body'))
    
The tricky thing here is that there’s really no such thing as a “page load,”
especially in modern web apps that generate HTML dynamically after the server
generates the initial document. So, checking for the presence of `<body>` in
the response might not necessarily be appropriate for all use cases. Please
refer to the Selenium FAQ and Selenium documentation for more information.

## Test cases features

### Default test client

`SimpleTestCase.client`

Every test case in a `django.test.*TestCase` instance has access to an
instance of a Django test client. This client can be accessed as
`self.client`. This client is recreated for each test, so you don’t have to
worry about state (such as cookies) carrying over from one test to another.

This means, instead of instantiating a `Client` in each test:

    
    import unittest
    from django.test import Client
    
    class SimpleTest(unittest.TestCase):
        def test_details(self):
            client = Client()
            response = client.get('/customer/details/')
            self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
    
        def test_index(self):
            client = Client()
            response = client.get('/customer/index/')
            self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
    
…you can refer to `self.client`, like so:

    
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class SimpleTest(TestCase):
        def test_details(self):
            response = self.client.get('/customer/details/')
            self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
    
        def test_index(self):
            response = self.client.get('/customer/index/')
            self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
    
### Customizing the test client

`SimpleTestCase.client_class`

If you want to use a different `Client` class (for example, a subclass with
customized behavior), use the `client_class` class attribute:

    
    from django.test import Client, TestCase
    
    class MyTestClient(Client):
        # Specialized methods for your environment
        ...
    
    class MyTest(TestCase):
        client_class = MyTestClient
    
        def test_my_stuff(self):
            # Here self.client is an instance of MyTestClient...
            call_some_test_code()
    
### Fixture loading

`TransactionTestCase.fixtures`

A test case for a database-backed website isn’t much use if there isn’t any
data in the database. Tests are more readable and it’s more maintainable to
create objects using the ORM, for example in `TestCase.setUpTestData()`,
however, you can also use fixtures.

A fixture is a collection of data that Django knows how to import into a
database. For example, if your site has user accounts, you might set up a
fixture of fake user accounts in order to populate your database during tests.

The most straightforward way of creating a fixture is to use the `manage.py
dumpdata` command. This assumes you already have some data in your database.
See the `dumpdata documentation` for more details.

Once you’ve created a fixture and placed it in a `fixtures` directory in one
of your `INSTALLED_APPS`, you can use it in your unit tests by specifying a
`fixtures` class attribute on your `django.test.TestCase` subclass:

    
    from django.test import TestCase
    from myapp.models import Animal
    
    class AnimalTestCase(TestCase):
        fixtures = ['mammals.json', 'birds']
    
        def setUp(self):
            # Test definitions as before.
            call_setup_methods()
    
        def test_fluffy_animals(self):
            # A test that uses the fixtures.
            call_some_test_code()
    
Here’s specifically what will happen:

  * At the start of each test, before `setUp()` is run, Django will flush the database, returning the database to the state it was in directly after `migrate` was called.
  * Then, all the named fixtures are installed. In this example, Django will install any JSON fixture named `mammals`, followed by any fixture named `birds`. See the `loaddata` documentation for more details on defining and installing fixtures.

For performance reasons, `TestCase` loads fixtures once for the entire test
class, before `setUpTestData()`, instead of before each test, and it uses
transactions to clean the database before each test. In any case, you can be
certain that the outcome of a test will not be affected by another test or by
the order of test execution.

By default, fixtures are only loaded into the `default` database. If you are
using multiple databases and set `TransactionTestCase.databases`, fixtures
will be loaded into all specified databases.

### URLconf configuration

If your application provides views, you may want to include tests that use the
test client to exercise those views. However, an end user is free to deploy
the views in your application at any URL of their choosing. This means that
your tests can’t rely upon the fact that your views will be available at a
particular URL. Decorate your test class or test method with
`@override_settings(ROOT_URLCONF=...)` for URLconf configuration.

### Multi-database support

`TransactionTestCase.databases`

Django sets up a test database corresponding to every database that is defined
in the `DATABASES` definition in your settings and referred to by at least one
test through `databases`.

However, a big part of the time taken to run a Django `TestCase` is consumed
by the call to `flush` that ensures that you have a clean database at the
start of each test run. If you have multiple databases, multiple flushes are
required (one for each database), which can be a time consuming activity –
especially if your tests don’t need to test multi-database activity.

As an optimization, Django only flushes the `default` database at the start of
each test run. If your setup contains multiple databases, and you have a test
that requires every database to be clean, you can use the `databases`
attribute on the test suite to request extra databases to be flushed.

For example:

    
    class TestMyViews(TransactionTestCase):
        databases = {'default', 'other'}
    
        def test_index_page_view(self):
            call_some_test_code()
    
This test case will flush the `default` and `other` test databases before
running `test_index_page_view`. You can also use `'__all__'` to specify that
all of the test databases must be flushed.

The `databases` flag also controls which databases the
`TransactionTestCase.fixtures` are loaded into. By default, fixtures are only
loaded into the `default` database.

Queries against databases not in `databases` will give assertion errors to
prevent state leaking between tests.

`TestCase.databases`

By default, only the `default` database will be wrapped in a transaction
during a `TestCase`’s execution and attempts to query other databases will
result in assertion errors to prevent state leaking between tests.

Use the `databases` class attribute on the test class to request transaction
wrapping against non-`default` databases.

For example:

    
    class OtherDBTests(TestCase):
        databases = {'other'}
    
        def test_other_db_query(self):
            ...
    
This test will only allow queries against the `other` database. Just like for
`SimpleTestCase.databases` and `TransactionTestCase.databases`, the
`'__all__'` constant can be used to specify that the test should allow queries
to all databases.

### Overriding settings

Warning

Use the functions below to temporarily alter the value of settings in tests.
Don’t manipulate `django.conf.settings` directly as Django won’t restore the
original values after such manipulations.

`SimpleTestCase.settings()`

For testing purposes it’s often useful to change a setting temporarily and
revert to the original value after running the testing code. For this use case
Django provides a standard Python context manager (see PEP 343) called
`settings()`, which can be used like this:

    
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class LoginTestCase(TestCase):
    
        def test_login(self):
    
            # First check for the default behavior
            response = self.client.get('/sekrit/')
            self.assertRedirects(response, '/accounts/login/?next=/sekrit/')
    
            # Then override the LOGIN_URL setting
            with self.settings(LOGIN_URL='/other/login/'):
                response = self.client.get('/sekrit/')
                self.assertRedirects(response, '/other/login/?next=/sekrit/')
    
This example will override the `LOGIN_URL` setting for the code in the `with`
block and reset its value to the previous state afterward.

`SimpleTestCase.modify_settings()`

It can prove unwieldy to redefine settings that contain a list of values. In
practice, adding or removing values is often sufficient. Django provides the
`modify_settings()` context manager for easier settings changes:

    
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class MiddlewareTestCase(TestCase):
    
        def test_cache_middleware(self):
            with self.modify_settings(MIDDLEWARE={
                'append': 'django.middleware.cache.FetchFromCacheMiddleware',
                'prepend': 'django.middleware.cache.UpdateCacheMiddleware',
                'remove': [
                    'django.contrib.sessions.middleware.SessionMiddleware',
                    'django.contrib.auth.middleware.AuthenticationMiddleware',
                    'django.contrib.messages.middleware.MessageMiddleware',
                ],
            }):
                response = self.client.get('/')
                # ...
    
For each action, you can supply either a list of values or a string. When the
value already exists in the list, `append` and `prepend` have no effect;
neither does `remove` when the value doesn’t exist.

`override_settings()`

In case you want to override a setting for a test method, Django provides the
`override_settings()` decorator (see PEP 318). It’s used like this:

    
    from django.test import TestCase, override_settings
    
    class LoginTestCase(TestCase):
    
        @override_settings(LOGIN_URL='/other/login/')
        def test_login(self):
            response = self.client.get('/sekrit/')
            self.assertRedirects(response, '/other/login/?next=/sekrit/')
    
The decorator can also be applied to `TestCase` classes:

    
    from django.test import TestCase, override_settings
    
    @override_settings(LOGIN_URL='/other/login/')
    class LoginTestCase(TestCase):
    
        def test_login(self):
            response = self.client.get('/sekrit/')
            self.assertRedirects(response, '/other/login/?next=/sekrit/')
    
`modify_settings()`

Likewise, Django provides the `modify_settings()` decorator:

    
    from django.test import TestCase, modify_settings
    
    class MiddlewareTestCase(TestCase):
    
        @modify_settings(MIDDLEWARE={
            'append': 'django.middleware.cache.FetchFromCacheMiddleware',
            'prepend': 'django.middleware.cache.UpdateCacheMiddleware',
        })
        def test_cache_middleware(self):
            response = self.client.get('/')
            # ...
    
The decorator can also be applied to test case classes:

    
    from django.test import TestCase, modify_settings
    
    @modify_settings(MIDDLEWARE={
        'append': 'django.middleware.cache.FetchFromCacheMiddleware',
        'prepend': 'django.middleware.cache.UpdateCacheMiddleware',
    })
    class MiddlewareTestCase(TestCase):
    
        def test_cache_middleware(self):
            response = self.client.get('/')
            # ...
    
Note

When given a class, these decorators modify the class directly and return it;
they don’t create and return a modified copy of it. So if you try to tweak the
above examples to assign the return value to a different name than
`LoginTestCase` or `MiddlewareTestCase`, you may be surprised to find that the
original test case classes are still equally affected by the decorator. For a
given class, `modify_settings()` is always applied after
`override_settings()`.

Warning

The settings file contains some settings that are only consulted during
initialization of Django internals. If you change them with
`override_settings`, the setting is changed if you access it via the
`django.conf.settings` module, however, Django’s internals access it
differently. Effectively, using `override_settings()` or `modify_settings()`
with these settings is probably not going to do what you expect it to do.

We do not recommend altering the `DATABASES` setting. Altering the `CACHES`
setting is possible, but a bit tricky if you are using internals that make
using of caching, like `django.contrib.sessions`. For example, you will have
to reinitialize the session backend in a test that uses cached sessions and
overrides `CACHES`.

Finally, avoid aliasing your settings as module-level constants as
`override_settings()` won’t work on such values since they are only evaluated
the first time the module is imported.

You can also simulate the absence of a setting by deleting it after settings
have been overridden, like this:

    
    @override_settings()
    def test_something(self):
        del settings.LOGIN_URL
        ...
    
When overriding settings, make sure to handle the cases in which your app’s
code uses a cache or similar feature that retains state even if the setting is
changed. Django provides the `django.test.signals.setting_changed` signal that
lets you register callbacks to clean up and otherwise reset state when
settings are changed.

Django itself uses this signal to reset various data:

Overridden settings | Data reset  
---|---  
USE_TZ, TIME_ZONE | Databases timezone  
TEMPLATES | Template engines  
SERIALIZATION_MODULES | Serializers cache  
LOCALE_PATHS, LANGUAGE_CODE | Default translation and loaded translations  
MEDIA_ROOT, DEFAULT_FILE_STORAGE | Default file storage  
### Emptying the test outbox

If you use any of Django’s custom `TestCase` classes, the test runner will
clear the contents of the test email outbox at the start of each test case.

For more detail on email services during tests, see Email services below.

### Assertions

As Python’s normal `unittest.TestCase` class implements assertion methods such
as `assertTrue()` and `assertEqual()`, Django’s custom `TestCase` class
provides a number of custom assertion methods that are useful for testing web
applications:

The failure messages given by most of these assertion methods can be
customized with the `msg_prefix` argument. This string will be prefixed to any
failure message generated by the assertion. This allows you to provide
additional details that may help you to identify the location and cause of a
failure in your test suite.

`SimpleTestCase.assertRaisesMessage(expected_exception, expected_message,
callable, *args, **kwargs)`

`SimpleTestCase.assertRaisesMessage(expected_exception, expected_message)`

    
Asserts that execution of `callable` raises `expected_exception` and that
`expected_message` is found in the exception’s message. Any other outcome is
reported as a failure. It’s a simpler version of
`unittest.TestCase.assertRaisesRegex()` with the difference that
`expected_message` isn’t treated as a regular expression.

If only the `expected_exception` and `expected_message` parameters are given,
returns a context manager so that the code being tested can be written inline
rather than as a function:

    
    with self.assertRaisesMessage(ValueError, 'invalid literal for int()'):
        int('a')
    
`SimpleTestCase.assertWarnsMessage(expected_warning, expected_message,
callable, *args, **kwargs)`

`SimpleTestCase.assertWarnsMessage(expected_warning, expected_message)`

    
Analogous to `SimpleTestCase.assertRaisesMessage()` but for
`assertWarnsRegex()` instead of `assertRaisesRegex()`.

`SimpleTestCase.assertFieldOutput(fieldclass, valid, invalid, field_args=None,
field_kwargs=None, empty_value='')`

    
Asserts that a form field behaves correctly with various inputs.

Parameters: | 
  * fieldclass – the class of the field to be tested.
  * valid – a dictionary mapping valid inputs to their expected cleaned values.
  * invalid – a dictionary mapping invalid inputs to one or more raised error messages.
  * field_args – the args passed to instantiate the field.
  * field_kwargs – the kwargs passed to instantiate the field.
  * empty_value – the expected clean output for inputs in `empty_values`.

  
---|---  
For example, the following code tests that an `EmailField` accepts `a@a.com`
as a valid email address, but rejects `aaa` with a reasonable error message:

    
    self.assertFieldOutput(EmailField, {'a@a.com': 'a@a.com'}, {'aaa': ['Enter a valid email address.']})
    
`SimpleTestCase.assertFormError(response, form, field, errors, msg_prefix='')`

    
Asserts that a field on a form raises the provided list of errors when
rendered on the form.

`response` must be a response instance returned by the `test client`.

`form` is the name the `Form` instance was given in the template context of
the response.

`field` is the name of the field on the form to check. If `field` has a value
of `None`, non-field errors (errors you can access via
`form.non_field_errors()`) will be checked.

`errors` is an error string, or a list of error strings, that are expected as
a result of form validation.

`SimpleTestCase.assertFormsetError(response, formset, form_index, field,
errors, msg_prefix='')`

    
Asserts that the `formset` raises the provided list of errors when rendered.

`response` must be a response instance returned by the `test client`.

`formset` is the name the `Formset` instance was given in the template context
of the response.

`form_index` is the number of the form within the `Formset`. If `form_index`
has a value of `None`, non-form errors (errors you can access via
`formset.non_form_errors()`) will be checked.

`field` is the name of the field on the form to check. If `field` has a value
of `None`, non-field errors (errors you can access via
`form.non_field_errors()`) will be checked.

`errors` is an error string, or a list of error strings, that are expected as
a result of form validation.

`SimpleTestCase.assertContains(response, text, count=None, status_code=200,
msg_prefix='', html=False)`

    
Asserts that a `response` produced the given `status_code` and that `text`
appears in its `content`. If `count` is provided, `text` must occur exactly
`count` times in the response.

Set `html` to `True` to handle `text` as HTML. The comparison with the
response content will be based on HTML semantics instead of character-by-
character equality. Whitespace is ignored in most cases, attribute ordering is
not significant. See `assertHTMLEqual()` for more details.

`SimpleTestCase.assertNotContains(response, text, status_code=200,
msg_prefix='', html=False)`

    
Asserts that a `response` produced the given `status_code` and that `text`
does not appear in its `content`.

Set `html` to `True` to handle `text` as HTML. The comparison with the
response content will be based on HTML semantics instead of character-by-
character equality. Whitespace is ignored in most cases, attribute ordering is
not significant. See `assertHTMLEqual()` for more details.

`SimpleTestCase.assertTemplateUsed(response, template_name, msg_prefix='',
count=None)`

    
Asserts that the template with the given name was used in rendering the
response.

`response` must be a response instance returned by the `test client`.

`template_name` should be a string such as `'admin/index.html'`.

The `count` argument is an integer indicating the number of times the template
should be rendered. Default is `None`, meaning that the template should be
rendered one or more times.

You can use this as a context manager, like this:

    
    with self.assertTemplateUsed('index.html'):
        render_to_string('index.html')
    with self.assertTemplateUsed(template_name='index.html'):
        render_to_string('index.html')
    
`SimpleTestCase.assertTemplateNotUsed(response, template_name, msg_prefix='')`

    
Asserts that the template with the given name was not used in rendering the
response.

You can use this as a context manager in the same way as
`assertTemplateUsed()`.

`SimpleTestCase.assertURLEqual(url1, url2, msg_prefix='')`

    
Asserts that two URLs are the same, ignoring the order of query string
parameters except for parameters with the same name. For example,
`/path/?x=1&y=2` is equal to `/path/?y=2&x=1`, but `/path/?a=1&a=2` isn’t
equal to `/path/?a=2&a=1`.

`SimpleTestCase.assertRedirects(response, expected_url, status_code=302,
target_status_code=200, msg_prefix='', fetch_redirect_response=True)`

    
Asserts that the `response` returned a `status_code` redirect status,
redirected to `expected_url` (including any `GET` data), and that the final
page was received with `target_status_code`.

If your request used the `follow` argument, the `expected_url` and
`target_status_code` will be the url and status code for the final point of
the redirect chain.

If `fetch_redirect_response` is `False`, the final page won’t be loaded. Since
the test client can’t fetch external URLs, this is particularly useful if
`expected_url` isn’t part of your Django app.

Scheme is handled correctly when making comparisons between two URLs. If there
isn’t any scheme specified in the location where we are redirected to, the
original request’s scheme is used. If present, the scheme in `expected_url` is
the one used to make the comparisons to.

`SimpleTestCase.assertHTMLEqual(html1, html2, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that the strings `html1` and `html2` are equal. The comparison is
based on HTML semantics. The comparison takes following things into account:

  * Whitespace before and after HTML tags is ignored.
  * All types of whitespace are considered equivalent.
  * All open tags are closed implicitly, e.g. when a surrounding tag is closed or the HTML document ends.
  * Empty tags are equivalent to their self-closing version.
  * The ordering of attributes of an HTML element is not significant.
  * Boolean attributes (like `checked`) without an argument are equal to attributes that equal in name and value (see the examples).
  * Text, character references, and entity references that refer to the same character are equivalent.

The following examples are valid tests and don’t raise any `AssertionError`:

    
    self.assertHTMLEqual(
        '<p>Hello <b>&#x27;world&#x27;!</p>',
        '''<p>
            Hello   <b>&#39;world&#39;! </b>
        </p>'''
    )
    self.assertHTMLEqual(
        '<input type="checkbox" checked="checked" id="id_accept_terms" />',
        '<input id="id_accept_terms" type="checkbox" checked>'
    )
    
`html1` and `html2` must contain HTML. An `AssertionError` will be raised if
one of them cannot be parsed.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

Changed in Django 4.0:

In older versions, any attribute (not only boolean attributes) without a value
was considered equal to an attribute with the same name and value.

`SimpleTestCase.assertHTMLNotEqual(html1, html2, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that the strings `html1` and `html2` are not equal. The comparison is
based on HTML semantics. See `assertHTMLEqual()` for details.

`html1` and `html2` must contain HTML. An `AssertionError` will be raised if
one of them cannot be parsed.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

`SimpleTestCase.assertXMLEqual(xml1, xml2, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that the strings `xml1` and `xml2` are equal. The comparison is based
on XML semantics. Similarly to `assertHTMLEqual()`, the comparison is made on
parsed content, hence only semantic differences are considered, not syntax
differences. When invalid XML is passed in any parameter, an `AssertionError`
is always raised, even if both strings are identical.

XML declaration, document type, processing instructions, and comments are
ignored. Only the root element and its children are compared.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

`SimpleTestCase.assertXMLNotEqual(xml1, xml2, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that the strings `xml1` and `xml2` are not equal. The comparison is
based on XML semantics. See `assertXMLEqual()` for details.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

`SimpleTestCase.assertInHTML(needle, haystack, count=None, msg_prefix='')`

    
Asserts that the HTML fragment `needle` is contained in the `haystack` one.

If the `count` integer argument is specified, then additionally the number of
`needle` occurrences will be strictly verified.

Whitespace in most cases is ignored, and attribute ordering is not
significant. See `assertHTMLEqual()` for more details.

`SimpleTestCase.assertJSONEqual(raw, expected_data, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that the JSON fragments `raw` and `expected_data` are equal. Usual
JSON non-significant whitespace rules apply as the heavyweight is delegated to
the `json` library.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

`SimpleTestCase.assertJSONNotEqual(raw, expected_data, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that the JSON fragments `raw` and `expected_data` are not equal. See
`assertJSONEqual()` for further details.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

`TransactionTestCase.assertQuerysetEqual(qs, values, transform=None,
ordered=True, msg=None)`

    
Asserts that a queryset `qs` matches a particular iterable of values `values`.

If `transform` is provided, `values` is compared to a list produced by
applying `transform` to each member of `qs`.

By default, the comparison is also ordering dependent. If `qs` doesn’t provide
an implicit ordering, you can set the `ordered` parameter to `False`, which
turns the comparison into a `collections.Counter` comparison. If the order is
undefined (if the given `qs` isn’t ordered and the comparison is against more
than one ordered value), a `ValueError` is raised.

Output in case of error can be customized with the `msg` argument.

Changed in Django 3.2:

The default value of `transform` argument was changed to `None`.

New in Django 3.2:

Support for direct comparison between querysets was added.

Deprecated since version 3.2: If `transform` is not provided and `values` is a
list of strings, it’s compared to a list produced by applying `repr()` to each
member of `qs`. This behavior is deprecated and will be removed in Django 4.1.
If you need it, explicitly set `transform` to `repr`.

`TransactionTestCase.assertNumQueries(num, func, *args, **kwargs)`

    
Asserts that when `func` is called with `*args` and `**kwargs` that `num`
database queries are executed.

If a `"using"` key is present in `kwargs` it is used as the database alias for
which to check the number of queries:

    
    self.assertNumQueries(7, using='non_default_db')
    
If you wish to call a function with a `using` parameter you can do it by
wrapping the call with a `lambda` to add an extra parameter:

    
    self.assertNumQueries(7, lambda: my_function(using=7))
    
You can also use this as a context manager:

    
    with self.assertNumQueries(2):
        Person.objects.create(name="Aaron")
        Person.objects.create(name="Daniel")
    
### Tagging tests

You can tag your tests so you can easily run a particular subset. For example,
you might label fast or slow tests:

    
    from django.test import tag
    
    class SampleTestCase(TestCase):
    
        @tag('fast')
        def test_fast(self):
            ...
    
        @tag('slow')
        def test_slow(self):
            ...
    
        @tag('slow', 'core')
        def test_slow_but_core(self):
            ...
    
You can also tag a test case:

    
    @tag('slow', 'core')
    class SampleTestCase(TestCase):
        ...
    
Subclasses inherit tags from superclasses, and methods inherit tags from their
class. Given:

    
    @tag('foo')
    class SampleTestCaseChild(SampleTestCase):
    
        @tag('bar')
        def test(self):
            ...
    
`SampleTestCaseChild.test` will be labeled with `'slow'`, `'core'`, `'bar'`,
and `'foo'`.

Then you can choose which tests to run. For example, to run only fast tests:

    
    $ ./manage.py test --tag=fast
    
    
    ...\> manage.py test --tag=fast
    
Or to run fast tests and the core one (even though it’s slow):

    
    $ ./manage.py test --tag=fast --tag=core
    
    
    ...\> manage.py test --tag=fast --tag=core
    
You can also exclude tests by tag. To run core tests if they are not slow:

    
    $ ./manage.py test --tag=core --exclude-tag=slow
    
    
    ...\> manage.py test --tag=core --exclude-tag=slow
    
`test --exclude-tag` has precedence over `test --tag`, so if a test has two
tags and you select one of them and exclude the other, the test won’t be run.

## Testing asynchronous code

If you merely want to test the output of your asynchronous views, the standard
test client will run them inside their own asynchronous loop without any extra
work needed on your part.

However, if you want to write fully-asynchronous tests for a Django project,
you will need to take several things into account.

Firstly, your tests must be `async def` methods on the test class (in order to
give them an asynchronous context). Django will automatically detect any
`async def` tests and wrap them so they run in their own event loop.

If you are testing from an asynchronous function, you must also use the
asynchronous test client. This is available as `django.test.AsyncClient`, or
as `self.async_client` on any test.

`AsyncClient` has the same methods and signatures as the synchronous (normal)
test client, with two exceptions:

  * The `follow` parameter is not supported. 
  * Headers passed as `extra` keyword arguments should not have the `HTTP_` prefix required by the synchronous client (see `Client.get()`). For example, here is how to set an HTTP `Accept` header:
        >>> c = AsyncClient()
    >>> c.get(
    ...     '/customers/details/',
    ...     {'name': 'fred', 'age': 7},
    ...     ACCEPT='application/json'
    ... )
    

Using `AsyncClient` any method that makes a request must be awaited:

    
    async def test_my_thing(self):
        response = await self.async_client.get('/some-url/')
        self.assertEqual(response.status_code, 200)
    
The asynchronous client can also call synchronous views; it runs through
Django’s asynchronous request path, which supports both. Any view called
through the `AsyncClient` will get an `ASGIRequest` object for its `request`
rather than the `WSGIRequest` that the normal client creates.

Warning

If you are using test decorators, they must be async-compatible to ensure they
work correctly. Django’s built-in decorators will behave correctly, but third-
party ones may appear to not execute (they will “wrap” the wrong part of the
execution flow and not your test).

If you need to use these decorators, then you should decorate your test
methods with `async_to_sync()` inside of them instead:

    
    from asgiref.sync import async_to_sync
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class MyTests(TestCase):
    
        @mock.patch(...)
        @async_to_sync
        async def test_my_thing(self):
            ...
    
## Email services

If any of your Django views send email using Django’s email functionality, you
probably don’t want to send email each time you run a test using that view.
For this reason, Django’s test runner automatically redirects all Django-sent
email to a dummy outbox. This lets you test every aspect of sending email –
from the number of messages sent to the contents of each message – without
actually sending the messages.

The test runner accomplishes this by transparently replacing the normal email
backend with a testing backend. (Don’t worry – this has no effect on any other
email senders outside of Django, such as your machine’s mail server, if you’re
running one.)

`django.core.mail.outbox`

During test running, each outgoing email is saved in
`django.core.mail.outbox`. This is a list of all `EmailMessage` instances that
have been sent. The `outbox` attribute is a special attribute that is created
only when the `locmem` email backend is used. It doesn’t normally exist as
part of the `django.core.mail` module and you can’t import it directly. The
code below shows how to access this attribute correctly.

Here’s an example test that examines `django.core.mail.outbox` for length and
contents:

    
    from django.core import mail
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class EmailTest(TestCase):
        def test_send_email(self):
            # Send message.
            mail.send_mail(
                'Subject here', 'Here is the message.',
                'from@example.com', ['to@example.com'],
                fail_silently=False,
            )
    
            # Test that one message has been sent.
            self.assertEqual(len(mail.outbox), 1)
    
            # Verify that the subject of the first message is correct.
            self.assertEqual(mail.outbox[0].subject, 'Subject here')
    
As noted previously, the test outbox is emptied at the start of every test in
a Django `*TestCase`. To empty the outbox manually, assign the empty list to
`mail.outbox`:

    
    from django.core import mail
    
    # Empty the test outbox
    mail.outbox = []
    
## Management Commands

Management commands can be tested with the `call_command()` function. The
output can be redirected into a `StringIO` instance:

    
    from io import StringIO
    from django.core.management import call_command
    from django.test import TestCase
    
    class ClosepollTest(TestCase):
        def test_command_output(self):
            out = StringIO()
            call_command('closepoll', stdout=out)
            self.assertIn('Expected output', out.getvalue())
    
## Skipping tests

The unittest library provides the `@skipIf` and `@skipUnless` decorators to
allow you to skip tests if you know ahead of time that those tests are going
to fail under certain conditions.

For example, if your test requires a particular optional library in order to
succeed, you could decorate the test case with `@skipIf`. Then, the test
runner will report that the test wasn’t executed and why, instead of failing
the test or omitting the test altogether.

To supplement these test skipping behaviors, Django provides two additional
skip decorators. Instead of testing a generic boolean, these decorators check
the capabilities of the database, and skip the test if the database doesn’t
support a specific named feature.

The decorators use a string identifier to describe database features. This
string corresponds to attributes of the database connection features class.
See django.db.backends.base.features.BaseDatabaseFeatures class for a full
list of database features that can be used as a basis for skipping tests.

`skipIfDBFeature(*feature_name_strings)`

Skip the decorated test or `TestCase` if all of the named database features
are supported.

For example, the following test will not be executed if the database supports
transactions (e.g., it would not run under PostgreSQL, but it would under
MySQL with MyISAM tables):

    
    class MyTests(TestCase):
        @skipIfDBFeature('supports_transactions')
        def test_transaction_behavior(self):
            # ... conditional test code
            pass
    
`skipUnlessDBFeature(*feature_name_strings)`

Skip the decorated test or `TestCase` if any of the named database features
are not supported.

For example, the following test will only be executed if the database supports
transactions (e.g., it would run under PostgreSQL, but not under MySQL with
MyISAM tables):

    
    class MyTests(TestCase):
        @skipUnlessDBFeature('supports_transactions')
        def test_transaction_behavior(self):
            # ... conditional test code
            pass
    
© Django Software Foundation and individual contributors  
Licensed under the BSD License.  
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/topics/testing/tools/

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider

