# Selecting the number of clusters with silhouette analysis on KMeans
clustering

Silhouette analysis can be used to study the separation distance between the
resulting clusters. The silhouette plot displays a measure of how close each
point in one cluster is to points in the neighboring clusters and thus
provides a way to assess parameters like number of clusters visually. This
measure has a range of [-1, 1].

Silhouette coefficients (as these values are referred to as) near +1 indicate
that the sample is far away from the neighboring clusters. A value of 0
indicates that the sample is on or very close to the decision boundary between
two neighboring clusters and negative values indicate that those samples might
have been assigned to the wrong cluster.

In this example the silhouette analysis is used to choose an optimal value for
`n_clusters`. The silhouette plot shows that the `n_clusters` value of 3, 5
and 6 are a bad pick for the given data due to the presence of clusters with
below average silhouette scores and also due to wide fluctuations in the size
of the silhouette plots. Silhouette analysis is more ambivalent in deciding
between 2 and 4.

Also from the thickness of the silhouette plot the cluster size can be
visualized. The silhouette plot for cluster 0 when `n_clusters` is equal to 2,
is bigger in size owing to the grouping of the 3 sub clusters into one big
cluster. However when the `n_clusters` is equal to 4, all the plots are more
or less of similar thickness and hence are of similar sizes as can be also
verified from the labelled scatter plot on the right.

  * ![Silhouette analysis for KMeans clustering on sample data with n_clusters = 2, The silhouette plot for the various clusters., The visualization of the clustered data.](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Silhouette analysis for KMeans clustering on sample data with n_clusters = 3, The silhouette plot for the various clusters., The visualization of the clustered data.](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Silhouette analysis for KMeans clustering on sample data with n_clusters = 4, The silhouette plot for the various clusters., The visualization of the clustered data.](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Silhouette analysis for KMeans clustering on sample data with n_clusters = 5, The silhouette plot for the various clusters., The visualization of the clustered data.](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAABwgAAAK8CAMAAADMLhtwAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAACKFBMVEX///8AAAA/Pz8yMjJMw6v/t0zx8fFMTOdM/0xMTEwp/yn/AAD/qSkoKOLs7Pwot5rh4eEeHh7+/v42NuQ8POWh/6EoKCjf399fX1/7/fwICAh/f3+Nje+wsLD/05LX19eNjY3/9fX5+fqv5NkEBAQMDAwXFxciIiOfn5+cnJy/v78uLi6VlZXS0tJubm51dXU4ODgQEBD29vZpaWm2trbc3Nzk5ORQUFCsrKzMy8udnfIn/yfv7+/n5+fr6+uoqKjCwsKc/5xTSN5HR0f0//SIiIjIyMhDQ0NkZGTi/+K7u7t7e3u9/73/rjXW/9b/2J7/7dHz8/3/+/b/s0HJ/8ldXV2H18Yx/zFVVVXs/u1v/2/ExMTX1/rj4/ua3tBTSEhe/17/5sTPz8/Ly/hT9Uiw/7BI/0h+/37/37H/8t8yu5//9+tT/1OGhoY3/zf/xW9C/0L/v15ubuxUVOg7vqPx+vhdXemEhISJ/4m66N7/zIF30sDH7OWT/5Ph9fHU8eswMONZyLE8/zxbXFtEROZXV1eVlfGioqJEwKe+vr6lpaVozbj/ulOpqfNmZut3d+1ZWVm9vfawsPTDw/eBgYG3t/V9fe2k4dQY/xj/ohgXF+AcsZOCgu6Jie//KSmq49eGhu+ANaSlJXP+RET/W1uSozX/g4Opeyh0vTFUQMPOFha1Hx9e2EUeXDcWOhyj65glJXyFhe6GvYcozSjax4I/Mqs5/zka/wDXtupvAAAgAElEQVR42uycTW/iSBPH3SAhcYs5EGKEsJBfkgA2hkASCcJIKAHBORJSbnPnzAeIomhyyiEfeKvf2y8ku8/ssxu09b8Mpt3d1d1O/VzVzVgWCoVCoVAoFAqFQqFQKBQKhUKhUCgUCoVCoVAoFAqFQqFQKBQKhUKhUCgUCoVCoVAoFAqFQqFQKBQKhUKhUCgUCoVCoVAoFAqFQqFQKBQKhUKhUCgUCoX6/jonhMA/JUIalnUKF5f/tkWXYMTp4eImIXZxSSWyPULOv8e8fjGKL/UtluKTyZZqEFL6zU6yTfyPTX6PGUOhUMeh2tsy8JKwFP/4m0CoPNfvev/fA+E7oTr/unV6y10ZPlywS7JlJRf0Y/MfA+EXph4zCL+uVdSEaun/BUL771reJhFaoTNBoY5Vz+bfcd913aMC4ZPrXhQWdCAcLN27/T8FwrsuId4bvyTehJZ0vxUIK7AuJ/8NEF657hxBiEKh/kldwV/wYPOxKnnG3/HxgPCgTqDe+lDhsJMC4awO+JuLS0I28OkH+UYgVOb+F0CYbelfAeHZ8C/NyotLtUZvgkIdqSJCwhr9MH2wilKj87KTNO7YrevrwPMHu4rhZqQ3+dkIHb/sDnkLTJfyQyNVrpz7ZhH6XlLqncnmXmVPs7hk+16wfK0phIBBj7SWS0jQsfrPtufYpXiivOzpKnScYBC1DTfHBPRpj6CsHp1Kwv9cJApKDISTEDjYshQIoQdrq0E4HtUdp9uc0s/z9zrMgdFYe5s4A+ZwDaNUVHqxDLxgcK9AyOc1b3RJWGuz0Xd9J4xmKXPFfNOK08j26j3Wfr/q+4vbDGiyw9UWCrUWMITwegezu250A88JG31JnPa1n7zPrF8lJ1hNxfMwbIZeuO8YSJvuy75nr8bmc/Sj5CTbsaBWb1tPPL8b38kpZZwfRwPb8exqS9eC9azz8HvNstFBjYNPP0XserYKnO5NhnKv+slUqs2rgZeUY/WECoPEc30X1x0vKI8e6PdcmeHQ+8fbBKoWrOdBEPJ3mBp6ExTqeEGYKHzkQbhg3mJAy2LhOsKTHAh7Hi8qT4tBaJRL3cni5RlvbqB6ujURyhFyQ4hD68JNsdV2RPmV9M2zQHzTy4NwLu7213xgZceIzmjrTeCgc6Uurwl5tSYe/ZeN7cbRw7aqolm/zxvr+iyZClemUXKIZYW3IhAaRhsgfEr4x+Cnaa4GYVJnxTQffMs6d5YpEGaHqy00lpgJ3kpG4qO35gwIWef1N/alBMiSXV1rELZtowuZWGArnAx4tbocz8QE4Y38+KGq9eFqZlU8FoY32P5sAQjrvMN1CoT6eTHerhYKb0UgHEq7YhOEqeHQSaDrclmwnsookgpS6azAq8uqjc4EhTpWsUMh3dXFuBiEZLChu2VPlvVK79s8c+eTBuET9QzNCLzou9V3wf2HdEvLpW5247pXqXJFifA53n28gwucZ3u6rTfiXZMy50Ei5MxmkJvARZ8S2Y73o4GnQNgDHwzfLD0FwosN3Dpy3coYHFoQR4ADf8YGRrzG/mVigJDCZK0v5wkMEGr/4iCk9bvN2OY+93kRNXcRXCz4LEHTj3x3yDRKiHrlehwvw2IQGkbPITKi+bULawpeOIw34LHDjmGuBiHxVrGj4ijyvgmJCcL8cJWFQgCQ8semUacgjEswnLjOm6NsSGIWCtubEp995vsfqTnwdiDsPqvTRj9gmRMVjw3BbG9EZ4khYnkd7fcjWO+RdeICSBN4HvpWq7za3NOWPRVl1aDeDUvPQ7WQrTFDl36KmFlONPL4nGsQ6udFiz5xdrSpesUghH6c0S6q+rF15YJ1S7ojnh4OA+T2Y3VbsJ6HQcgfohv0JijUkarTlX/a7SIQDs6sO485KLgvBN/5wZxPGoQQPC1qfLtxUrRHmC6XmrV6rttlPjrdk2Wd3ECRzUIH0cgO3DfLpJVZELtjGbqp9M0udbnUH8/S2TMe8ZI23/PbczJcGaMXIJwbly1wgT8CQAMHIdTvApLawud2fly4LozQEZjqs9FljNLRTpUmfsfFIEwZLfcIae4XWpgCz94Mcw0Q9thNpMJeL2K4NTFBmB+uslCoywgHTdJMXu3h3HVpqH/CGfDE0OSdWFO+FOe8nUrA1pTb3YIbYCwdmxWJOJQHqaeeWPvhGqYJug2t1B5hew7r6jCoCgF3I3jtSGBCJ9z0glOjdA5o5iIdERrPi3y5guvykM94EQhvBEw7EyOrnx5OQ6YV8uvJTpJJzQ0Q+tcxe3HwZ+hOUKgj1TQWKTq7UgBCmoILKJGG3O2yQyj3GRAG+k35pgiE6XIRQ6jk1CLTk3VXNc7hiUbuwH3e0mimx/yZN2jcX54pL/tA067P+yvjUIm0sCzSZxBuVHmu0MqDsD4xQAg1WfzJQTjQtruW9aaGwuOtAU8Zh2mjuCDiA5MtcypSIEwZLUG41d2NDHM1CL0hf6M4Ye23OSk0CHPD1RbqqMlfjnosV7qWGWQKedGOyG7y15Bzzkha5ki7Y21iVTYa81Qr7ZBWdn0ZJZkgPFVzuTMnqQy1Nh55mvP7CkBoi9lMLa5+XnR+1ninKQLhhIbSL81WxTJAmB4O3J+wJcyv5yGdsp3vDUlDGYVCHZdq/Yt3h3viHAjX0mVMOAmsDjtWSYt+cU8E3sTTvqRXBMJ0uQ5dVJYp1RMNYPQmoWwEWh1NxE5hzPdv7L7yssLzBpc5EIbCXQ8YE0ryZ4IGoEK5AcguvRbbCEyGAoShtj3Wu5cSa+/a0RtGce3h6i4Hwkfue7NGSxAudQ9bw1wNwgCufrHWZPuxCcLccN+tzLnNithHKw0ZGNReHJ3hAV/7Z7UU9HnoCFp0RDsrbeJANgrf+fTfF7acLX2H2XtXfauOa9Yg0vbgJedyQO5HvOMCEA50rkIv7trKnfx8M1490iAUGJ3z9xh/btRND6ehgufceh6KCEV+g4gAH4VCHa1+8p8NFP6gnrmMdER4wvNVFSIjwpJwED8PRIRGORf9bnxGI6BStifg5sukRoMbA4TAIB9c/wuPYq/ckZmtgwDzVy8KTX9/MCJsZEF4TneWwlMVEVprPlQ+NqjfFbZfUh74V0MWeeTOgBpGfRYRbnnYlzXaiAht0V3LMNc4Napa+3MRYcPK/YBhcrN/dujgaAtvFZb21cwQdTQICyJCX5j4WhwRAg6Dh46kj+yddhPNauLlyXgOPiDMjUm1y6O8Az+oz4HwMg/C4oiwLOxjSdGnXgxT5A9TEaExHOPHGtn1PLRHqEEYoR9BoY5Trz2WKBrzgO8wCNN7hFNOiQ2RIVyd5Ycqc/6KzV+qn4SnzpRzeay/WZAH4YRnUNteCoQ0xnH4jtnpVOSufOllJzMJ87usr8xtmuVByO6xxyoirNUJGVt6jzBgrQ9f2dBoqvKxAISmUSKAoGct2Y9D1Ciu2RkYOrKs0XK3y4VRsjk7a02/AOEDN/CLPcIcCPsdcV+VxpRJja/iJyAs2CNk2QCrtlY/jUzvES4ZhWsl/jDteRjLHodbHs4a9KLQBHa3iK9D/5L5FP0FEKo9wlN1C4zTn/IDulDO7J1yO0L+YpcZjgJhfj0PgLASzzA1ikIduZrEWca7KODHKj4B4bl5apRlDK9LIs1F3a4d7+KlY3O3SyL6H9TQ+qWd286UWzJPlsRsezILwjPq2Tf0jGkKhOxMv01PeOy8xWi/sZlX5r55Tkqjj2aX76ClfSWlTuoYZQEIWcBgt2VEaPVba0uCkB3DjHZx1Sf8lMr2Y0kKQGgaJURzkN14U9WnRmk2s7tNSN5oqBh+uGuGNX+131wnRg/FIGSpxsfMqdHC4aZAuEi20Y7e8Mx+z7DYX5PPQVh0atR53jffA/2L9fSpUUrjVbMsUqO0jca9O6QxU/0P9s6lN3VeC8M2SEjMGgYpBCEQShwKFAgJBSRuEmqCYLylSnvWecf8gK2qakffoD/4+JIr0O72q3rO2ez3GbSQOo4Na/m1ly99dY2sEHZV0HkWbaOMihFb0SeEUK4atXvVu2TVqLAa+5Gpovg0v6m+ipnKkawn2zUmB9WJhfDE93maGTXXO7lYxpmhOQHgTxXCZArsXSGMZ/VkFFHuuqAdlt1HKFuNezUPo+J0anSX+XsyhuBNUXAshORW5Z0NjZImCw99EStI49UrkRCm6pBtK5ONdR55Uwhlf57VwxFhyME+QjmkUHNM5VNCmCpUNEA52kc4l/v0jNxxoXvR+piVk52FfEcIk32EyVKYk9WtHsqzvM+PVgyX3xdCtXSpWDraR5g+uqUmv2ErL/MYqb2Lv5QxzVWJFuGuxSCrXiJgKjofnWiPR1iM2Io+I4TH+wiHao43CIUwZKzG3mp9TKY6iRAef59vCWGIs0JrAsAfymziyvM+xh75jRAST5wsk98XVE9eN7V+IT5ZZmMblr1W52EuxSZwIYSXYydcKJr5e9hid0zn8aJ8QghF3myzyGWFUEq23O1Yrwa8xEyeUBKGRvdFW5xF0yodCyGpiwNcdFfe+pYQyszZdTgizAghGfV0y7BzD3VZI8vIT06tAU0XKqJ5FTimkzpZhlwHhlW8P1HoofxfGWK1xXwnzjkZ7Kbkd0IoT5YJfDe9OeJkdTNCuO0NtOg0mUXZMTpXl+8LYfPVNrXXzMkyDwOHF7G/Sp2l0s4ZzrgeqdjasHKrSLueB5YUwsqrxm1meKBemooNuzTcVRFJUWRFnxHC8GSZTnKyjPzGcs/q7lljrIsvpCEqU6naplpZlK5OLISnvs+TlNr9vCaO0blBYwIA+G5evv4vfs6LptQh0Rn5tuOeM/IDAADgfzlwbS/tZEkgkMNwrf9U64r5u3sIIQAAnDty5/sAxxpnhDA6KfTq2x4BIQQAgP8jIWQuVuVlWPTy4n889L7xtOc/QQj1iB8wCQAAAH8hb29yBwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPA+NKbdppPfpW7RS0LKmrjP/eADvKr8ta+9n+ySttJv69XL5M1SN+j96dvCdDn9X1Rd1uMTHBQx5qZ6Dzv62zyBtGn7tzlW3072szqThpv7qPEVHdojKVdq0el3G+yhg2jl9LthtQ2jAeeCzyka4mfhA+6/8JufFUKXyl9W+VNOO0m1Hwuz2PaHp28L0/0rIRx9Ur/ealemb1wHZ+wJpOAXPiKEbyVrUNmDq9c/WLqxU/PDvqFypS8I4UcN9n0hXNAqjAacE2Ur7ONOPu4f/0Uh/EmXx+mHXxXC4afv+Fy7MizBsM7dEz4ghG8RCuGHsdfxy28SwmODhRCCv9P9X3bMCmQfdRtYxmAbJSjtdcPpNLKh0Sfd6MggzUqk9fiLKlUeKlx8OTCsNR9ylWWw6VL+zBEy32imVq3ErlWcdAy7ETttlFVLplfuWg5vrfEcg5/yMdM7hxH1LJUup09zhv0gXLnQ10zWi2SuZ8gO+R1rkmXADL0/lPW9DqyBqsdQJHdncbMlnJ1fM5z8S1TIG15mdjdXRVSNg6zpcmAZdpl/bAJ+87ToGJ2lLNW2zOhwIe5LPkTw53vCwtzJcRxtqJjn6JGZLLhPG8/C1S2WW0VCKJJdhiFXnllRM+zNQhiQjMGq0OjCZaa9a2a9SnLxi5l6oxTamJLO0JVa9Nl1nPENSTnbFw02lU9LN/WnRAibfWYM/Ez1VKXKZFS2DVa8hu2A83F/7Ze31GwuU090PKkVzcj/H8zqs9eoZoRQGyy9nDnit5n5ZW0tRm0pIdzTjTcZWHUyuqO+7zd9o+j7dTLXtKvt3oh7lpqmtbxfvFlRThtntXigXd9fyDSjLn3gt77QdW2ZN1fiMVp/qxqLKF3Osbtblz5xEeuwxrbhBGH39ppe8Z8zo8+L1PDaXVs0PGVTe3jeynqU1uZu27DyzXRb5hqNtnfbjZoVxnNcbuqH7cpP+ug9t36QQovufP+GPJu5pVcWaVpU47WvrNlVu1Zdwr7OyBPGmjCsvrlQQqjbT6tJv502nrq7bHsbGaiIhLAp4q01Syek+1BbPXX0Jrnp0YnvF6QQDjtWY7szixmvUuatsa7Xoy4p+Gzgi2kJTuhKLWr3tleOsOfY2b5osEk+LTquvdhaLIRl2t82NCtdvaZHN74/Iqv+ZFUbG3UYDzgb9xe+uKQ+GTriVakzCBMUO+GLlBAyPtSa0wdCBuJVpcNbiEQIL0wxsV9gdwehUde6kGGhyG00uQgmsIbKaZOs0qFRGagqsU5J5DgQTl09DKHmeKF5s7Tmmi0jRhPqhQnyog5dqnqspcpKvCqrsaaoh0dvZZ2v0m1ZZ5z+dDZmPRVpStqVBp1lIk16Xgx0i6zEP4Efsso9mNa5eUKNckmsCLsWCrcQXbhUFDSKHVYqwZhkF8sMB+wytMELWotDo0IIuzL0fytyTrxK0pdm7Qp30YpHoVFX3jVPO9uXDDbJp8Ty3NkuzUgI63KdzgvNVC8VGq00bdg6OB/370qjX5ItnVQ4fRpGGF+p6xUOhPBRvGcuGarZwlvurYkQXtGpyOCRHQihVhSX6zQabWkddcdKOm0qqyMhrEvF4rkN+WOuj4RQRkofeZ970BFPKNB+mKArWpF8Xows/2EimLMUQliIhLBPxbCzZD2m27KN0W8nU4gsmp05aFdWdL28SdqVEW2IJ4vntagcrwbOPuzEg3PxhAr7R/SePKVwJVtr3JcOhLCbN7iZ6VkhrBQt0eWbu5qwwduMEN5ZIou5MNnYqxQDOfXti9KcEELR1/O4VKac7UsGm+RTVwKf02InEr3LipmpXiiElb1u8gtrGA84G/efhN7zEi0kvwjdv5GnZjA93j7BPf+G7sWrJ/ozJYR7Gk+LZITQDC+/RkIYEOnNNfnYVFZHQrgScU8RBbrhj1kcCaEeKZsdPmETJhBRUSm8BWZfraYT2TYYJEq+MeVLO8jMEVZ1aoyj+JS5Od2ukFpgUP0lald+RlVeResYFj2NWj/msK8z8gTSN2bkjlVChbvcMOr0CmnjafBOoz9da1kh3MjgaqnDuu2pL66nhDCwYzuLvYrEZkmUW5wQwilR2aec7UsGm+SzonKC/DESQuF1QmEz1QuFsEd3/EInB+MBZ+f+Hu1OJcmAZjaxneEpIUwN4x5okygX79KJyuBACNlaXb752ojwHSEcdNQT4jV5vNUSjRepyZRb2TZY5MSI0Ogn5STzFtNPdrBdpoohrzTbay7aql2p0516ciG1oO+ia6GrfFaewDtVcsY5jnnW96abNp68lIRBVgirKhh5HQ7Fqm+OCLNC+P6IMBLClLN9yWCTfN4ZESbVC4XQUaEeCOF/2DvflzayNQBPFHuQzQ2b2cU2sUmtxGT9nVivq2KtULpblCHGYUGo+ZD6JSIlaCCFfN1dFxerV7sV7qULC1v2e//DOz8SM9HYNslEJzPP86XVxrGZeed9cua85z3gvtv/TqrB4ogh4xnKFRFKyfiM/lk3KEtPjPulR3vN3diz6o9VniqljBmM5/GlumNemSOsHipyMclXnSMM6nOEM+YcYU2EldfVRPg6fKksXRtu6o+ztFfq8y2bl0S4atzy8/oc4YCeag6r8yDaJ93K07D6KZdXPm2IN5yofvp+qSWpSfNJb+IiVVkr27+PE1+uuhOSSeNpu2Wl/HivNXh6nxrGqxPhaOURyKQxGzitf988iCHCUeO3DRlzhPUiXDMC6fIcoXkr1URoudnaCtjacT4xR1h7e5XpB+MEzfoQIbjv9pd+8/06vzK/Vk0C/dPzK78Fg8MNRTgWS86bVaN3UuORyGZCf82r2KPI2JNpo9B08Aft83RPPLKgV40OTBzOTvRfjAjNqtFnF1Wj1UPd9X2/srBsEaF2G/ZfVI3WRFh5XU2EM73BodXV0c0fqq+Qg0E9xUjLqfH5yK+JSyKUn8YGK1Wjr31rqxMD+gfc5B+RlYlUsnIAvQjvcL5ahHc31jM736PnlbV7v49FemKT0kw4OaaNcQ/DT39fibzarOaVpd6hyNhQWJPwHzF6cLjkTtC1FUxKFQVN9kzMHq751qzBM+gbPJyIJ6wifBFL6nWjP2g+Cv4++2jA/P6jFwuWqtFBs2q0XoTLwfjo6pTxTYsIzVupJkLLzdZWwFqOM+r7ftZaNfqzXjUaH6l/e8GB1YW70k/hocNncWNEGPuRCAJX3f7SSn8qFuyvLiseSsZjwed3G84RVhb/GeUhC8mR4OCo8dAn0jMSDm5qBhp+HtdXQL1MhvVPjctTiViqd61aiqL9ioFYcEiqW0doHGooEasu+60sb7asI1y2jFON19VEKM+sDcRS41O1qbk1n1HyLr1IhuPPX14SoWUd4fB0MNzzUn9H072pcGLq4pfMPY/XlmVJs+PhxIQ+5TL7VPvJfk3M0pOBmJ7bJjf1RWUT1bwy/Gh8JDwwOKP/hxGhS+4E7dNe2FiRYyjo8b2BkZHxoZA1ePS/9UbuWUX43cUc3oMfR1KbXxvPFNfidesIg5V1hHUilL7+T8pYR1gnQvNWsoiwdrO1FbDW44wmYgPfNVpHaHl7q71hbYy49Dwe7lkx3gfDQoCWsNzeAJ6GTkQAiBAAAAARAgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIALkeeW7gDcPEtzMoEPBD44gTkfwO0wR+ADgQ9OYMk3x2e0W2P577+Xvfre53xLBD4Q+OAE7pg74sGt8PCrrx4SeR3C2HDPbBUmjRl/f0DgAykXuCqI0DuRt/z48ePVSnPVMd8D7asQgQ+kXOCqIEJvRd5UQq6IcInAB1IucFUQoecibzj1WqqIMBj/8ZDAB1IucFUQobci70msUqD3YHThxSPfStWPRskCgQ+kXOCqIEK3R97Tulbq/dWvBo3SGQIfSLnAVUGELo+8u76I9cvXA4wIgZQLXBXwUuQNxq11otJmD4EPpFyw9arsRKER5aO9XeLKCflADk7rf0z/JElDkX9PTvvmSUeACMHOqyKn/XCV//oVtW+HuHJAPpBXzRX097SB4LNEONUzSzoCRAj2XpW0vw8u4z9K5zakL26q+/DDB+YISUdA4AMidAuq4lfXmzqHFMuQjoDAB0ToGgv6/YpayDV3DhEh6QgIfECErvGgkt9pep8xREg6AgIfEKFL5gb9fekWziEiJB0BgQ+I0BUo/vRGK+cQEZKOgMAHROiK8aASbcmDiJB0BAQ+IEJ3iDDf4jlEhKQjIPABEbrhwajS6gp6+eFDmcgjHQGBD4iwy+cH/VGZQEKEAEQeIvTmCnq/Xynk8CAihBsjcJol8AEROmcoqOxF87tS6x7c+PBhg8gjHUETZEpCbBH4gAidMRZUy7l2t5mgWIZ0BE2yLYR4Q+ADIrxNASrmLhNKIW/DZkuIkHQEjAgBEXZZHzWlb68cTedz9uy0hAhJR9AszBECIrzNcaCyt74hSTaWxiBC0hE0j0zgAyK8+YGgelQo68NAuytbECHpCAh8QITdUByqdmrLeURIOgLnEQgQeaQjRFjfR7RsR1kMIkSE0CWcCXFK5JGOEKH1sWi+cydflnd3abGGCMFZlIQ4JvJIR5d45ZvyrggVtZOmkjWIPEQIN4W8ePLusy86F+IjkUc6qmchOO5dESr+AjGCCMEtnIrPL0KUM4uLGSKPdFT/gsRqjzdFaDQSPdrp5NmnxRoihJvknSbCbU8HPrR2Ve5NSZ4UoeJXyulch6fwKJYhHcFNMnwi7jdzTw9niDzSkcaT8RmviVA1N5U4ynX+7CNCROgtQtv2dIXZOjlveKDs+Xs7lz5sF8UZkUc6kr6Ov5Q8JULDgWpBGwveRPsKRIgIvcW5EG/tOM6+ECfXfP/cxv/uiRBFIo90JEV8sVjM54uF3C1CVRsFKkYftRt4HooIEaFXyQgh/rTjQCUh9pv5fovc78BCCiKvC9PRnUmN3p8n3ToiVP2VzSQ0+o72ClG9NubmVjQgQkToKeRjYc+zxu1SqWHx59tiyc6dKTKL97NEHunIxIWPRo0RoNFGO5rO53Pr6zsbt7GgDxEiQo8NCc/edvpXNL80d3g7S+QhQi+J0CyEMYaARiPtHVm/b2TplhraI0JECLdNaF8Ut4g8RNgaXSbCigEVda8czefXd8yJwFvu6yLv7NBZBhHCrZIVQiwSeYjQ/SJUTQOm8+sO6+05TIs1RAjtk3nzZrjlny3ZVMpK5CFCpzdKy1WGXjKXHBGSjlzH+3aqUQNn20Qe6ciFIlTVajWMgVrecebZf/jPP7RYQ4TQNsftrHOQiTxE6D4RqpXlEGrfXqFc1qtCHSsbimUQIdjBG2F/Cxgij3TUzSL07+nLIXY3Kh/1nPwwFBGSjsAWslkCHxBhdXGg/iQ02jVnHxGSjsCZYj0/zxJ5pKPuE6GiV4YeFaJ6m1BEiAhJR9AG1zUzJfJIR44VobFMXinkdrutJhQRIkJwJMf2Ni0l8hBhJ1ukVVuFHpXzO124NgIRIkJwJNc1MyXySEfOEaHirxSFRs1WofpQsBtXCCJCRAhORSbySEdOFaHZKU2J7upNsru+LYucy9FZBhECgQ+IsBkJKspeuZvKYQARglMJLJ6FiDzoLhEq/qNyfn2jgw8tABFCdyrtrJUZvX0hDog86B4R6nWhStp1/tugxRoihAZslYqnTbxc75td6xcauH+Q+aIfEx1bI0HkIcKOFIcqju0X2g4UyyBCaMS5EMVmvFm3k9L+l3bgXrzRbSeIPETYSoOYi/1zo+b2SS58HooIESE04i8hSp98Qf2OEfV76xavHehd3qopGyDywGkivNg9Xu3bK5vrInY2Kvpz5759iBARQkPP/XXyyWb1ZHUAACAASURBVEm/0LEQ7yxfZ7YtDdHORLHhvkqZffG+vjimnaxyupgl8khHNovQkKCi7x5vrgrUzOeBihhEiAihJVEKIe5f+6+Zxpv0vhPWmcQ20Q5WyhB5pCP7RGhIUC2kcxvaJzRZ9lBNKCJEhNAK8kkLTnurifD6cWbm4K9mKk8PtINliTzSkU0iVPVHoYX0uierJxEhIoSWCG23YKGz96efNFupiWNtFcW5TOSRjtoWYaUoppBf9+yyQESICMEhvNeGeM0srw9shYg80lGLIrSUhOqbyO8V0l5eHE+LNUQIDmGr9M3xFpFHOuqkCNWLilDDfnpNaG59d8PrZ18elhEhIoSmGL5mJBY6OPnsqsCQXkYT2G64auJUiGKAyCMddUaElTbZ6h72A0QI7XImvj1+1+gf3gghPiOy7aJ4JwVKohS45ue3iDzSke0iNNdEqAVzQTxcGRDKtFhDhPCJOyRzcHDJWXLx2//9q2HF6GKtjjNwsJjJfvx4pZ7mRG9Yo438RIOiGTlbEichIo90ZLMIzQ1zPVoP+mVQLIMI4VOcX20Sc/yNJsJGz0AD+8Vqm7V9Ie6fNOgv86cQx1K2KIoNS04z2RCRRzqyTYSVCUE1vc52SYgQEULrHF9Z0yBnP/7yf/bO/zeJPI3jQxv9eLiQ9COuwhG3Ib32XN16cU+tcG7uEnN3vajrqE1jdybRsGLN7tU6k8xtTC4hDTs/mJshwEFOQpP+shv3p9Uf9O87PjMDDMwMUAstzLzf1ZbCwDTw5nnxfL48T6GY6n83VmRNZ9DrRZ2azOpKueyx9UJQqwP+Hr4kwHkIR0OAsFMg9BmeXYAQIIQOoorrKKZX4pZqpXSsyFpWdi201qecd1R2PZv9xNLBy3TDef4D4X2m27c7RbJZHvgYE4IA4QTEg9+Gmlq0fvl8NrF0EeFo+pQaWMYsXtbMYyivE6l1kfeqT9yIRIjHI7EeFlq/U1FW2U2ddONDY3tV6L3vnj27e/fx483Nr78+d+7l8+cv/nO/tR3iNiuS/eL5y5fnWKFsjIYChBMCwk9v3LjxlXn5TGL5s/MLKwhHPpRKSM28xGqJDszXkpFIwWNgNV4jioiMEOGIIY8y5DHidZB3zEj6bFmfQcDX9zcfP7777Nl392wfvJAKAoQTA8ILncuXPm1++/IPCEc+lNQa66SCs/ynLaGkuyQmp7lk8yB2Je+2mVAcMPeIOcKghKN7x1rIe/36dfP/J7a8z65j9z95gWcPIJxkECYW5368Yl6eWW5+W1lIIRz5QD2jpdVOT96K2jMrKMjt27KFeqR+igiibgx/8rrH0tHpNz40gldls5P43Tb+ees5nr0Dv6U3N1FZZlz648oX/5hZNMdGl/7V/PZN6Ib1tB8/fvwqwtF0itrgZqVxXkAT0noz/bM+/Uixer0eYxmj8ZbLNm8pA4SQx6tC7w4tzAaO4F3Nw3nj1OXFeROE/7SD0FhGg3A0pWp04NZ6F7l/mozKJB8jinVjkeTzilS23ehSRibaqPVLE4ViIzodxocO/KrQ1hf7Rynn+YX5QGji48HfvjR+dA+NIiOcZqVJG279xaYM9WQLbGKj0cU4sewy21dz2Xtok0LIHkCIcASNWPd+/hlDo+NUau6/xk8slvGPUunkcJN78SJbBNrzBosKPVfQqtbJ8ort/fspwWWwRm4vUEXIRTiCRiYslhmjLn1+5q+/+d0Z7tIatk8EQVSs9LAr7oRZViYN2ptgSu2HEBTFXG7D60RxZowVZQSNmuA8gBACCA/NeT8uLixe+4zjzs5wbEP9whw21Pta2SbRBtUKpUlHh4refrwmJiskVj/l3DofFVKTb3wIrwpACOfB+H4Vn07zXFX1SMpU5y7CLl1fnk2EEnNvf+mmZYWQpPNgkUTqMdKbUAoykVJwHsIRBBAChNARqUZIzbt7bpNoujelrsyE5s7On58/uxiaudLNPMFtnl7QY0TpTTBH0rEQzkM4ggBCgBD6SLF+EmmTRbRS6aUUFarem5FeJZZWzDvEV5YSr2z4VN0qc3OUxjXnmpwmaxUezkM4ggBCgBA6IjWzwaqokFrcGAd1DGj2WYD9KrR2uf3L5bVQm4QCcRSYKUm7FuzijkfMaiKch3DUpdXT0EH168mTvx7WuW4ChAhHUy7WU4IXGZ6kQj42dG5GryTWTKZ9dTXOsr21hDU6Slmd7u6UMNpuQVEmsgDnAYQD9JdMGDqo3rw5pBP9b+sOQIhw5BulI/VIY+ijZ5ZYPnjm2mIo9HcjJ1yasahXyxck3gFCo4QbJa1dg7xWpXAeQOgBwvAJ6IDK5XKHc57w+kbcN85DOII4EutbA6ZL10PGDtLfs8J614xrVkLXjfKGRUJ0x4oYpWiiUWkNv0oGGvmirMJ5ACFAOL3a2bpF/eM8gBBiPSeqfQ9IiW3LL88ZsPvz4kwLhPG5ZV4ixbhuK6lGhZ7VqOKeyttSw/IolozCeQAh5NC3P/10KAlh5hH1kfMAQsjsQd/n5qhCilX9nXHQ7Fnr2ngLhNzarDE7mJXl1gwhbRC5e7aw/Z5JElIy2/6KcB5ACBCOHoQnT347/rN8yJy44yfnAYSQS8sJWlZtnNIIKRSs2b7EvAOE84mskeB1HoXNDSY9TiWwB6bpYhXOAwgBwikF4U74h5u+ch5ACLmoTIjS2VBfaXLNAiENnbeA1gHh+RCt7lbsd48rgxoUjqjfDpwHEEKHD8Jc5in1l/MQjiAXqd1lRKuqUFZqPB/1yAhZ4dCaXurcIaqV4DyAECD0Jwhz4e2bPnMewhHkIkEmu90ZHGd0m9B3L7jNETZvykeIrZwohfMAQoDQryAM79zym/MQjiA38aKTZTVyqk7emqtG6auLodCFi99wxqpRbpfk6wXCw3kQQOh7EG5nnvjOeQhHkFM0m2UcFDXb0k8alWL5Onlv7iP8gu0jDC0sceY+Qo0U6nWAEAIIfQ/C3Hp446bvnIdwBDmVJkRtZoUKIeYaGNauqflbXpJJ0qosY4AwNGtVlqHVYmHQZsSPVIqH8wBCaHhQjXcf4YdM7nTcf84DCCGnzL3xQqtAWpUQmWdbJDTKc1at0T9dZbrM0bWFX7Kspf1QW+T334BQkM2/Ac4DCKHhSDjOEmsTum8CIITGINXICFOsHJpgJohE5HWrbnZv94n3RGIjpxVFMdLHuOj5eZG+I9J+h0/fNc+dgvMAQmgiIJvZoL50HkAYeNGso4sgrVSY3VNZc3BUVEiDcnzF2mNv70c4t/A2Rt6xy5q544KXiO4FO5ZUlvc/SqtQOA8ghIbVGIdGdzLfr/rTeQAh0r9WqyS7TNCx8U5WHJuvlOxwYx3q1+bPz6/NhZbeRyIyz7XSRqPPIfHaQ8gerrLPvy6VTopwHkAIHf1ime1weOOhT50HEAY+IWxmfVLPdc20LsnSMFZIO2umcnrX+OT15dlEKDG7vKLkY4QYGVtUMibzhH5zhaWGBucBhADhdIIw8/0t6lfnIRwFXnvEsRxFa9GMrwhW0uiskU1bQ5dS54pqPq+qFTgPIAQI/QbCXObDqn+dh3AUSKVsC1ripUrv57ze5hCOjNB+rGYbNY3U66fgPIAQIPQdCHOZEw846lvnIRwFUdXeLkm9yZ5W607rhNJQqz0pQAgBhL4E4XruoZ+dh3AURLlMC45EVIvkS3AeQAgQ+g6E4Ue+dh7CURAlEdL4iLuJlYF5odvYCb8rZeE8gBAgnGYQZp4ChAhHPpOYVPexsd2qPMqKvCg12VhOKlSjfe+h2vvupllhGjgPIAQIp3gfYebfACHCkf/USt3imioOONSsPGqsJT0VM/ZTCIQo/dBmLrbhrUPYmlOAECAECKe6pMxpgBDhyL/SunrRu0pvHmJkhIQUCsa+Cm1AYVHj9pJVhZtGJbkM5wGEAOH0aifz4QFAiHDkXyUHp2uqlRFyQlVMS2VzkFTvdye+KKttfsJ5ACFAeIhzhG/ejGGpzMaqv52HcBRwNZmmDjqm0rXRMKWp0SGWzXANQoqDjuGLZgkbOA8gBAgnd7HM1tYdnzsPIAy6UtF93kE1ejQNFp9WBz50eajmTXAeQAgdIQhzU7FSBiCERq3KnvesXo1Y1UX78zU7DGBLbrXb4DyAEJocEOa2w+urfnceQBgg0VJ1uN7S7m0i+D15l+e4bN9WuS0OSlb3wgF/UbpYhfMAQoBwYkGYC2fWt3+gfnceQBggqYTsDnWge+PAYr0eSbKWg0Pkeu3u9nAeQAgQTjEIt7ae3In733kIRwHS0Os44zW3VvJyvUnCIRoK8uquyCtmAyc4DyAECKcYhNuZjUA4D+EoQNLI4BWiLZgZYyG8Zh9LTefr9cLglaBsR4bORctZOA8gBAinG4TbmUergXAewlGQJOwTTsXu8U1BlIZBaY0QGc4DCAHCowHhKEushR/dDIbzEI4gb8m9WwH5tDZwvoAKMinDeQAhQHhUKBzhSpknAXEewhHkLdWqktarVF8a0nhPzTZeTUbhPIAQIJw2bW09DIjzEI6gPhJcN/m59/UVy177JfbG1P4QzgMIIYdGV2JtZyp6LwGE0NHIta9vn3Wi0tiqjsJ5ACE0rsUyO+GnD4PiPIQjaN9y6+tL2c5Bzf34rEyqcB5ACBBOFwgzGzQwzkM4gvahrMwGRV37+qZ071oyqRScBxAChNMFwq2tB8FxHsIRtA/pVsFt6vJRkc9+5IoYCucBhADhxIFw2iYIAULosFR0aa2U2pVKByCaqHuNqMJ5ACF0VCDcyazfAggRjiCbBEU2WSf+n73z/U0iz+P40F6gziZ1mQRaUIPtAbU/kVZadaxrI3stSki66d4IthdiA00MTojuKfeA2xyXM7d7Ua/unfdkfbQm3gOTyz7h77sZKFp2W2CAloF5vaJscaEa5p3Pq99fn/n551/uI5X029F3cDriefM7A5M8RAinK0JVTMUlCyUPEUJz6nvFSP9+cdhc1zu7lZL29id1S4i7L7ZJHiKEXoowKxckSyUPEUJz3tadf7hePz+6+erpiw6+9+TzN3WnLnY1MY6SPEQIbYrw/fvOv4mYTVoreYgQmjP69s2hUdorbQh4cn+XftP6XZKHCKHd0Vzn30Lpw/VBRAiny37rN7Fog52njpebJA8RQq/Iy6rLaslDhGDcVdsn+d03tydJ3iCLcG42ELh8BRGe1NToh/926sF0wnI/giFCMBkSyRtsEV644vPd9c8jQpNulhFz0QFNHiKE7rHdcFenZ2eS5CHCpq8JTyNCc4owKxcGOnmUI+gGO0+Ob6WmefCV4+koyUOEjfF84fchQlOKUJFL8QFOHuUIusMPDkeDFtq7x7feJnmIsMp8wB9mjdCcIiwrxdhgz0VQjqAbjD5tNObTxoutH34gedYU4WTkWijIiNCEIsyW+rDBKCKEjoz24oe23re52+h0w+7zfZKHCJu+Zn0DEZpMhFlVlJVcbNCTRzmCw3heOhyvrVBywZQiHEeEphJhXhbVlCsmUQ8a8Wg4EFypTWbM2HR8lKP+HhA6HI7ziBBO/arcvTU2f9d2BxGekAjfv29DhCU5FU8K1IMm3L40/+CMc7EmQt/q6qqHctTfvDnV1TxEiAgP2HD6g+tHehAR9gpFLHgsMhfRMTdtt2oivEE56n882zum/Hftv7oumSr4cGrlCBH2BlF1SdZOngEitvmaCJ3B9e8O/nTSbrcvU476EXNGf6fh8QxEiAihMR8+GF8fzFg9eQbK5pmhg69809fuL9WGh+cqC4aUI+gS20ZOIiJCRAidbpbJy6mo1ZPXOkvO5cNPz5xhRAj6D0i7XZ5hPe94zN0nECGcmgiVvMfyyWuZBedY3fNnbsoRCJU9NwbPI45uN56UlUwVfECEAy7CPm4uetr1QFoKRur/5N4Q5QgEYdPhcLw19I5dh+PHfpoKAUQ4qCLM5lVFlpU4yWuRpfDM6urqoiCEvhaEixci8yHbVcoRaD8iGT6X/1ZT52a/BB8Q4aCKMKvIolLOpYqZKMlrkcqOGNslQRjXBoJfTnnDQ1coR1AZEr42ODP62uF46emX4AMiHEwRahosFeKxKMkbmL8eejokNPyO/RejJA8RIsJeilCV864kyUOEQPABEVqwxVq2rMiyWkySPMoREHxAhBYkL8pqrpCJkTzKEZw80u7zXZKHCBGhyTwoj2S0saAkkbx6PHfm7MKynXIEXUVvELONCBEhIjRRi7VsXk5HSd4RjLm9/oiwsEQ5gq6yr4lw38TBB0Roqc0yWf3EoKyMxEjeUaz8dTIQEWamKEfQVTZfOl5umjj4gAitJMKsqOb21uKJKMk7krBP0EQ45qUcQaPx3dPHRjuKenY8Zg4+IELLiDCvbxPNCJI0oEuDXRPhrSDlCBpIzXAfNdMHHxChZUQojxTiMYnkNeDehhAYs6+PU46ggQifOBznESEgwn4UYVlJCBLJa8iy2+2/HHavUo6gAbuPfxwdrOADIrSACLMlVZGVtIfkNWPx0tLS9CLlCCwWfECEAy3CkijLla7axYRE8powOeWjHAEiBEQ4UC3W9HHg3lpmK+Yhea0QRISACAERDhDZkqisxSSS1zqPxj2UI0CEgAgHw4GKLIvqiEuQSJ4BVgLB2ysalCNAhIAI+7qRqH67+eze/7aSEskzxvgBlCNAhIAI+3UkmFdFWRkpZGITn302QfIoR0DwARFaaDJUVURtJJhPrSX0dS5ESDkCgg+I0EKTofoJiVIuVYwnaps9EGE7OKeqUI4AEQIi7DMPpg9OSHxaFESE7XBR55/hR5QjQISACPtoTlSRxXTiV58hImyfOTbLACIERNhPFiztxY84/IYI2ycSoBwBIgRE2B9ToqKYL2wdfW9BRNg+XzopR4AIARGaXYElVZRFMZ2JHndi/qt3774ieUaZHR4eng36pylHgAgBEZoaVRbVfLrgintIWXeTd07jX3M+yhEgQkCE5t4jqhQs2zSmH+oB5QhIHiDCE5SgPiOa3mrhM5QmJiSSZxRb5Za8N22UI0CEgAjNuUdU1BvHtDYhymaZ9kW47KUcASIERGjCLqJlUS61viqICI1z8aLtmX6ifmWWcgSIEBChuZqIyrIoi2rKFWv9M0SExnE6bU4N9+3fUY4AEQIiNIsFqxtE94queCJp6DNEhO0wdINyBIgQEKGJdsZU28YkJUGShMpvRNgP9YByBCQPEGGXkEcK8Wi7nz4ibIvludCCBuUIECEgQjNsES0lOvj0EWE73PG6/bPh8BDlCBAhIEITdI/JbnXy6U+8e4cIDTN8VwhE7GfmKEeACAER9r6fdiHZ2ccvSSTPMIGIEJ4XHtB0GxAhIMIeHxksqXKOHmo9SF7QJ7gvCA+4DRMgQkCEPaKkiPqJQUUpZ10EqAfJW5kWQlPPhtcpR4AIARGexsAvm81rlEqlsqoqGqKs5FKFtUw8Eev8thJslmmHyLywuDS7MkY5AkQIiPBEeqQpoihriOLH/+r+U9VyKZ8dyaXThUT35kMRIeUICD4gQhPNeOraU9RsOrVXKBSLay5XJhOPx7e2EolYLBmN1gaAXVwXRIRtcWM6dFO4tkw5AkQIiLBrw0BVG/wp+VQxE09Epe66DhF2PXnzwSl/RLj7NeUIECEgwg6W+6rrfdXZT1kppQuZWA/uJI8I22E9pJ+guM/xCUCEgAhbO+t3eLXvYLnv43pfKrW3V1iLJzynOApEhJ0mT7Og9muM+xECIgREeOzITxv2VfZ4VgSYrq72ZaqrffpyXzLqMcn5P0TYDsEHugjvMCIERAiI8Nc3BVSqIz991FfKj+gDvoLrcEdsszVymfjpJ0RomI2VycDY58M03QZECIiwToJl/a64uYJLH/klYkl9jydtXwYzefbLYb/TP7RIOQJECIiwughY0vd8imq6GK80/qzs+pSQ4CDXg+8ufnmHcgSIEPpdhNkq+RqlKmV9R6d6sKuzilhF/oT+pPpLf6LfHH4tnuRaWiJ54ZvCuJ1yBIgQzCFCOXssNbPVzil8PKggi3Vf1TZyKge7OXXKZe2N2vuzIyO5XC6tk9LZ0ygU9KPuxeLa2prLVdkCk8ls9eLcQ5dgs4xhAhHBdpNyBIgQTHFVXIfHaHLdeO3Abh/PKdQOKuj9WmpbOCs9W7YqGzkrezn13ZzJZDQa9Xia7+k8eEHfz4AiQsOsz47b/jZegXIEiBB6fFWS8ePYqnYlq7Qlk5r6TPql3iwEIjTMauie7fZKBcoRIELgqiBCSybPydQoUHKBq4IISR7BB4IPXBVESPIIPhB84KogQpJH8IHgA1elf0VIizWCDwQfuCpA8gg+EHzgqgDJa/Ftn2j62jmnd/jWwdczw96pOYIPlFzgqkC/J8/2iWYv/cI/7VsIfF75esy74Jv2XyX4QMmFbl6VP/8W2uOPHz9DNssYZmZm5lIwdOFCKHip2UsvL2kP7lDl65Bbe1i6TDkCRAjdvCr/OQtt8fBPiLCj5K1/rz9+P9TkZZOVAeBC9WVD+t0Lr/onq//HbrcvU44AEULHV+UPZ38Dhnl49uFfJhFhR8nzRvRHn7fJy5Zt97XHZ+7Kk6ln2sN922rlybnKzCrlCBAhIMJT5+8Pz37z+28PtVRFhO1Qne0MuQ2J8NEhETIiBEQIiLAX6JOi3/zj27rW4oiwHa543Rsbbu+V/7N3vj+JJGkcbwZjus/kWOpOEQzRUcFZxd8ieieIGUblR3jFkIVJCJmEkHSY5F60GYk/CDfZyI25y73YRLOX7LzY/UOvq8ERUJBuW+iiv59knZ2MiumnfD5U1VNPPfFpnZdGkY4ARAggwr4jSTYpV66035wIEWpiOx4IxH948tNQLAMgQgARGmRBVJkLVsuPPEOI8CWpH59wcKvvcXwCQIQAIhyYBCVJtFVvypfOR5/h699+gwjVsxe7ojz5eT77PD1QP0lXRxet83YcqAcQIYAI+10hqkwFzypmvHP4BUee22NZpyAdAYgQQIQGrxCt5ebO6VQQFtR35C2sbCAdAYgQQIRGXw612SQ6EwQvMPLq5wiRjgBECCBCQy+HpssnPTxD7BFqIbCPdAQgQgARGlaDUrpc6VAZ85gIUTWqgR/tUztuGaQjABECiNBwy6Fi+lLVliBEqIVeb59AOgIQIYAI+3Zcni6Hjlynb9TuCkKESEcAAx9AhMPgQTF9fjmr5RlChEhHAAMf9DcCj1zuDRHq0EV0RGtEIEItbCtfOBtGOgIQIVDNY5d7Q4TPr5ARyxBh//JB0GqZfy9/aRB7hAAiBOpZvAci1GlRVKmQ0RwRHJ9Qz/u13ZjVugcRGoFEIYOHgJE3/FH5ZPV4A9MQYccSmWr65tyJYdTHfOA95LjZwFIIIjSAB3k+j9GPkccg4S9r29xVuNeovH2z/FGwb0CEDxuo2cTrb8qJQXRQ62s+8PjlR+4MLC1DhAPnlOd5TAkx8thjx3Xs8nO+t2qiErKEIcK29VBROpu7xHAaRD5YUu5ScgbsEOHASZX4It4HYuSxx9IVfUf90asmKn7LMkTYODav7AnWzm4qs7qEA3uE6llV3sURpwARDhYyXkxEk1gZxchjEJeDitDvUhEVIrziTC7CugBlBYq161z5Un4PTPR5H4yqUfU4G1/mdCAdDZQEz/NRPAaMPBZZiFERXk2oiMqmfdvUIqTbgdLI9Vnum5ouohChwfMB0tFzJ4QFWYRJPAeMPBZ5N3HoCX/1+nqPyoq9wztvk4iwZhtJn5/QipgX2AyBCJGOmCWSLV1ggxAjj03iLovFFe85KmTT2+nyt+EXYU1ZEq2evFxdKESIdAQw8EH/2dg9HO09Kpvri8Fg0HTHJ77vCUrX5ZesBoAIkY4ABj4YAD9sq4hKvSHbG/OIUJ4F0huVqmfpm/J55eSFa+IgQqQjgIEP+o0z7rFYPPFZHaIyLCKk6hPF+hSwPguURqr0jGAf9j9wfEIT7V0hkI4ARAhUsOn1LS/7vJsQIS2DaVbfWTqd+1Y+P69cnvSvAoAQgnygmgddIZCOAEQIVODZoh+3PKYWYX0OaLNV6+5rqE/5D1VwDOSDB10hkI4ARAhU4FUaaE97dYgKkyIU7+eA1+kTjAcm88GDrhBIRwAiBCr45b+zHDf7ZcqkIrSJ6dxNub/Ln93AHqEWHnSFQDoCECHolYCMx3t05PUEzCnC+hW6Blr+RNWoFh50hUA60k7yIIGHABGaisl7zCVCZVPQZrNJOYPtAUKEmmjvCoF0pJlIief1MWFyPIXHiZFnvqiwIcKa1NgUpN1CDXdxEkSojbauEEhHWiFRnucP9PhO0RI6j2LkQYSGrY2RrnNz57p3y4YIWc8HSEd1Exb5vC5XSKRkoxbwPDHyGGHnpzWrjBlEKM8FJdov28BAhFpy90Z8bYGCdKTp8SULkZY54f3fSOpA86QukuXzuKweI48RZjyb85tH6/HhF6FkE6s3JwY/GQgRauFn7+oMBelICwmez3ZYH0nyfEnr9JBEkhHkV4w8Rpj4SivP48PfWUYUzyqEM/r5eIhQC+sfkI60c8HzfIepG71hEBUvEKEJcDk470fOvz60Imw0jbHZzhDsYc0H9mmkI+2k5BlhhzeImTyfxbQOIjQBC7uc1cfFhk+EtYb/RFGq0asj5i4R7GHNB1c/bSAdaYZEUx0rxyLRzkVlJFnAHiBEOCQcT3E+19H68TCJULk+VxRl/+VuypXLWUR5mPPBktVq9XiWWiq+kI5UmVDbvnmC5/NODFuIcDh+CeShvL8yMwzXMH1fBLVJ1XS5ckIYbJn9+vffsUeojql7kI76SZe9RYCRZ96oDE6EtfoF8o1F0PI5u82zUSyDdMQKqc7VpgAjjyWW72FXhLRTjFi7Tn87/74Iyu7dSRChFhZC9OMezhH2l2jqOYU0ydMC7jjDyDMElnsYFWFNtEnVXPlyWH6lIEJNfvoOGwAAIABJREFU4zhIPwbnkY7YIVNC4xmMPIPguIc5EdZqyoJoLTdU1aAQoXrcbsuV2+3e2cQ1TCxNJ/XqaQoRAmNF5UVFSL1Hi2Hq1TD1cxGidFYesrt0IULN6xrzE26kI3Ygpzr1NIUIwXCLsEV7ivek2kj1+iydu/lWVi7THb6teohQC/YQ0hF7ZFBpg5EHET55FMIm1rUne2+ufC577158jR1BMnyb7RChydNRaPW9G0kIAx+YXISNSSC9L7DctI6CuGDkDfHLB7fumsT5BEHYw1jAwAd9xbm4ZyQR1mxi9SydmytXLk8gP+QDk7z86BdBaBxg+lEQAkiLGPigz7gcBhJhzVatICTIB2Z7+WV5Grjf+Ck+rYTZC13qIoHxCxGyjDVmGBHWRFvV7J2x0WJNy7LGmyDb6WjjWAj4GY5ctNT9tiaCGywgQoMTW3IHR2UGKcJao0to7cb0/bFRLKPLsgZr6Wj0MMhKlJovsJdJHiSUZmvdDsdH8/wFMi1EaGgG2llGEu+ORki16vXcCcIBEWrhlXugL68PIYehd8Wjp6e0wzYpthz/yyhzQWeWz3dpv30gexJHBiFCQ7PYQA8R/s+mEtoiNHdDjwTOojQGItQ88vYXfB9aGuYymI4+BoQZI0cny/NZrr0hDEnW54LOaLczgQWeL+GaCojQLFGppNWRK1/iSC1EqMPIe7CswWA6+iQIQs/XC4/2/xenIcKIPAVsFMaQVFSZC3aY7JGD4t0njp8m8asNERqb8Je1be4qrEdUiDrw7CFCffLBg4a5A05HH/bVb/ntC8Jxx1+J3VizI8ln4TjU5+CQVKl0kD2NcNGDROPHPKVKdNItw8zFxYMZH0k0L4jilx0iNDY7rmOXn/O9RVQgQnPnA/1ePiYIk6rLvshW59pXtyCsNv11+v60xcuRSbW5jdDJ4AH3/S0skUVXrEuu2Pi/Fgryv3eZCEZSWC1FyjUOS1ecx8999CIqECG7+cC/cnS04h/Yy7dBu8Ns6/lkPrcumwYDgtBy6olcxWN6ezDPl9rWPCOy2ZqrP7M8P640z87meT7/0HTF0kXniWDk4feHCMHgcDmoCP0uRAUwmw+25tdWVtZcsQG9fDvLAWFV1008eYoZb/777rudFsX8SxalQ99gPHYiopDPNs/iMgW6SErLZU5LpdYD9c4MeaIV8BMnLjDwQX9ZiFERXk0gKoDZfLCkLByuWo2SjoLLKldGQ/thf7c55PRhV7G6he8t2nSbEZaemLFlsvwptR0tI0046z8eqV8oQeTpZJE8+f15VNAg5RqGdxOHnvBXrw9RAczmA5eyKjrtYjUdzU4KS2uC9gntxqowo3c5SjQRfbzEpVBUZnLjjS1AkiiWinVlOouN44Tj/NOWixbgQaRcAxF3WSyuOKJiDF7/8Qf2CFVjV0pH9u2spqOgIHgnWuphnsC527YS+gJVmR1WNumaJm2nRmthFOuR0u3tP5WZIF0lHee4RL70j24HB0kSZTIQofHY2D0cRVSMIkIUy2jgl/V34fCn9c/dP8txbHctTN0tWk7Sg4drxhj4JC5MvBJ8vX/BlCCE+/jzRZrURU9FHIwnOTJerLcXJX+6vf278u8Z5YyhU/6YP+3cepQU+RImgxChwZhUYrAxqUNUyJ/BcwmNjYVY+nlnDZEPyIzdYrE/tTq4NRnzu713867Jt8FgMGSQdORcduy7e66vIRuCIHzqowezTfuFsseyrZ1isre3+cZU74J2mSnxHVuLOqMZpTcNWo9ChAbDohxeCs3rEJV//wU8m7Expn7c/ww+H7gVGY/2+LXvFu5EGDBGOtre/HlLtfhXBEFje9XEuPpDC20VnoSuiqYyibtv5EzcHbGv/5HKFjNdJoORPOpFIUKjhWDP4h8dHd270uMc4d9+/St4LmNjLP20v/6fvXP7SSTP4ngVJk79euJEygYtXAIxykUQBLlGQRxhBDQkm0AatCchTpAX7HRmk25eSDq2jmmS3Ti7vQkPOy/zNslM78Mk+/dt/YriUkVRVCFKoef7wsWifqXg+XDO71zeTd8ekHH+25wiHXdSS1d8Nnu687o19p8gNB1zlGK9uzViLWFR9acyfzcmB1lnTvVMJHGGZ6ZMneZrY9QBtp3BjAGGFwIINeYP8lp/PwkQLnwFuqe+/frrb2fnapeWfpi+PbCZMQsVKrjh5O/tB7bMLiMf2l3l/gumYo7cCBUZwotQ9jFWG2cQRMlgMAg39ZK56lXrrXq/DpxBAKE2tblJRjY3N89Ck3hXAITPDYQL/9CAPVglSbmm290fR3Ec0p7u/1lsPfLQHmEkvCPvrs6nvOcE3vR7rygO7HHfp1SfztSoqsoTMIP0okvUReuFOOWFzoxELDiDAEKNamAIGoAQQKgYhL9owR5YzKTDzEnqp3ELLz/LQWNB+HG3px7YHO2xhJPPBm1XKbAeoZKdwmWk7LjhqyUzakFawq1jBl27i6oYewZw9wCEM6tAgiDcrrs9AKFGSDhDHPxw/b027MGqsvlFIfuNkAJx0+0DmyN/GCGH3AHRm+IZPi57rgRjQTR2loyAu6okUe5AZxqVgROV24OaBBCFqnkA4WzIFSC21o+3J1E+ASB8Zlr4aabsQch+FIrFcKDSGCHmvWfLm9v6+YdYPnHs7AI3emyVpbQHobT82bJeR485jo+fFQ4tzDpVNCHPn8hk0OACeDH1aElgissimPL/3ubBxgIIZ0Aby8RqkYhOJGsUQPjMQPjvmbIHju5GIukg/Ie2df3K4kMsj4dDyLltdMTac/+OEfJIHeMupJhuNHSMPJosQjeKf5/KoC83hpKViijsmmu1WvUBrOZhOCGAUHPyWYhtJ7E8iekTAMIJREZ//XVmYqMLL18/JXswseUxupryjAp301zjqfdcMs2ZNdF/zHkXf1vjRUOdagZS1CmKGllUYShXkyrDrvndQRAaoJweQKhBocPP6yEiawcQQrKMOr388K8nZQ8mOY/QszcUFtlbPK4Qhy1j7v2uB4Vn7fZXEmL8bbbvWsPeTa9VPsVlrynuS7N8h1aVel54mHx11EEZirowyARIMxKULNWuLsSppadSswullDtJPhMbDCDUgBaRy0kQHg+AEECotojwrxqyB34tmSMZApkRullBl3iAUbovjyYhDoA2d9zds8SPbLaCLNU8gyk5/pCKCGQuPwy03ZKI0lWr1U/LqGfORJrmPNH2b1ylyhLFE732M10dDOagSipPUafM87DBAMKn9a4ACJ8XCK8188mjP9vWg8SxcwbMkZUlXozzF9f6awf9HuQZyvKg0eYzyvUMoJFoci+hdh4FTeQlWWh4tduhH7X7oufKBXWkfsXqtK7oSV2w7S9SB0qipaz7eaKIb40xSv8BhKCxPUJeAEIAocriia80Yw8+25umILG/rXlzFD07D6P3PBycqNhLmmFiMnhIb5hsZvlgbDhxvyurSDtqF61Wi8dRtS+jpmmyR9rXy0TspiZBJLnBE5MUeISgx9RAUw4AIYBQGQjfacYe2LPERpCw+LRujpoIWePBrpMUU7ogve068nK0HDbtIxi756XhiRISC5dbrRf8Ll+pXsdIzFcNdJMs9NxXf4FslvJ5icLCUu4+u3ywRwh6RJ2zijqNEQAhgFBl0uiPmrEHpmUOhBtTWT6uuNEp3sq76T6wpG6Hezwh4Um93B6g34N2hFk4/tg9ShEq/UMDDdL5MiXqTV2wBG7A/V9Te8dyrc1lumD6nR9NL1CmRp0mwcICCGdHdEAHIAQQqgThL5qxB3O3GISrumksn1VR3XCLULenm7+I0P6wAx2iUKffnGXRc9ZusLa23PELFz+iz+OSkM4LN+Hy3NYdU6/VhXgWPqLxZuCcHfuDm651kpxL4PGI9i+7FwOF89y0JmgsAyCcJQWhjlArJJwVDl5PuJz+Pp88sy9lsqbXs9NYfgehFcUHRxNdrsTlupCGB5NfiHaB4haxl0Y7/JWqKhYccAjxVEHhU0wJz5+X3+trUL+TXPzIy22pmHDRR4T882rQI8wL5/eCAIRafhPwOELLjQtAqBEQzsqFvlz6Rjv2IKDbMG1np7L8pSSzFMiNCosyMVQpSEbdCc4FRby7GECoOPbfrHQqHkSB5wxydMwLxy4l69W+x4xHz73MrFt1rpAkTnxlbH8YJFbIGTJgYAGEs6F2qoz+DEAImm4Z4YwW1PtvHaNft3UpsR/oFzw17w332LfniPSlxcwH+jtyW/h6fG5Lwy2e5ztvTYWUBke7G3gnBs5zw8MKG6cGIidy5Rrs475rnet4wP69fZLkvgUUvkhFaKGVGoBwZrTJKmFhJvGuAAgn4BDOTIu1hR9pzdiDKDev/buoVs3RvNx+IK/9Ht9EYnaExfZR57msg7ozRpC0zLRvOQCKg6aiDmwma/s2tI6/Q2/hu1bT6FWYE+i/DSB8Du8KgPAZJcu8/PBaO5+8OW7TKrI9NXPEBCJyrW1inf1Aunk5hNbNQyNC0r4c3k20Kr0Sb39i6hDlRCXtGHQYgHSjHQLFIdKkIGRa6xs0SJN84wILF0ziXFInOeRbUeag24i7SlEGMK8AQi3K3BOAEECoyiF8pyF7sMG5UssbUzNH7hEbhW60wkHOzDItYpE4wIKQ62bIJifNwu1M6ZVsFcOjJvdWxJUS+Vr7iXpn8GBStgCw4xHS+840SRbkPEI83b5Dv9pERlwACEGTF9kTgBBAqAqEP2nIHvg4TpxNr6CeRVVR9gB/22NyIKQ/QlFJEOLKiHlJn3DtOxWjBemR7VhY14wSOnClHH4sNYpewEtDhqCTlYarL0vWR87hm8Kc9EuS1MXumwpzckJzficMsAcQQmgU9IRAeL3wTw198m50ewSxpytOzRwFEFLU6DSePjJKH+pYSTGEpag8BsoHXZ3isRNEfFT/8cqQWRPYfRuOKlx3WMuVX72g/mhnjd4ZUzhrFHuEjO3jkFc1XrWucCrqAT4BFBUCCAGEoKcEwqXrbzT0yQvZfTqdz7g4PXO0aBnlqLmLq2vszfwOQkOTenBH7j01y+IJFrfic9wJ/EfmbKt9J3Na5isE80PaXmcOKjIJUAbWYaxSL1oXf7brCH1cJGkdJ+5EyKGlK40LCguCogBCLeuTkXsL9owJACGAUE1k9D9asge037njvV3TsjnqztedTwyPc0YQKqj6LfzsWS+F/qC4Tn+10/kGp8Tcp4s17phmoN62Luo6rrOM285i8Ajn6/r1X+hkA3cixRw9qfa7lclqudKAoCiAUNvqRGKsYQAhgFANCP/+5OzBwy4fFA8clAS62RlSd1o3CgtrKfx3CEWIeXMnu6Y3oUlUDThMTOWgU0NYqggKHpI5hjHU8xk6yPca5Tud0gXTFj57mXUay5ncQMMams5BUBRAqGnp+YiORQ8g1IZ++202tgh/0JY9sAQEqc8aNEdmj3Mg7hj3FJsWcUBXVXkmHRKHUoPuCE17eg1QjzEYOazVT5UU8h10J8gztTdvpdutDUyfaGfg4GybRl6iSRtU1gMItS0TH6aBXqNa0d9mI2d06Xst2YOgS5T6PCPmyImQ8bDfURSOfVcgxpq+lY6Ydmb+rn1SdrJktcZN1q12I6gnrVZrSBbpwDxCIlemKngooYGpdooQaUWB2BK0IwUQTl12fvxSxA4gBCnWh+ufNWUPUDi+YUlsJ2bNHDURsh0ibzDS/j4qHvuuQAEWeRJ5OqvddqSKXcvOrIh8jR81T1d2W61hJfD4UgvspRb05BF3qclK9YTOVxss/PgaRIzG0etWYP8QQDh9eVxciMPv8gAItbFHOBMt1hb+oi174NsiNizEJ9ejL78WifjvsaTfE75BKBVG4UVJN2tsEDJR1UMpKp2pTKVOp+xc7ao2vLBe5Lye7rZeCak5WK4opXI3EgsgBE1NMZs+ZTan9LYYgBCSZZQHRl9ryx74goT9U398/7GWT4mTNtXpFum2dwJ4nMSm5MabUKH3lzGp0GjfzPt7iDk4FW/tZfIyYctksn/vj6ZarV1hdSJOn8mNjHtWhxQ1AghBj6nlQ7y3crg8iXcFQPg8QLi09PODpD+M/8nTmYm7w7OC8dGXTyOUvseS3kObDe3HP/6fvfP7SSTL4niVJix3EjpwW5DSEAhpS2n50c0PwVl+aMQfiCHpBDOA0wmxw/JiT8w8jL6QmAHXtMn09u6aSb/O4/6XW7eqkKKoH4CKFzzfh8k00lS1dT0fz73nnC86zjLdUkwmLd4GPhbP7znFOVtYe47bZrLn9vvI0nzKuIrFBPKsj5uXP3z/pR+k+Vazbj0zM2LKO50v3sUeQEiD0pt76cd5KgDClwFC279oiwfxFJNwsfyXiV8+1S3JHPO+93kXCgg/gsJPoNScx2y+Y1niQoGjq3PCnyrJL0rqhjU+5LOQUEYnFy/yNbEYpq5qksflxgDziJv9UHO2e73+AELQ1D8VAOELAeGPVMaDLH6Gy9vtD7pmYhnFpO3OTWlcy+KKaA9K7iTFbpIk8Pj+zXuVay3/pZyQlU6iP6HUEmEle9jXjOeSSsw8M7O776aTD+z1BxCCAIQAwkmD8D8UxgP7xnSGo278l23fwywbcbMsmQ3DOcKk+jNsslMp5JW32ce4k2rJkEVV0htRq5VKUnVptbWt3tLEjXqz7zVccBIOmrfTD9nrDyEXBCAEENKhjq3zkbaVxxWFRGql6J/icCTbvq+zDmx5w4qWgsfzTNa3m5nQDZTOrE2jxJIA8Jzshx5d6mR5Bev579uDLzes1m0zBg/X6w8hFwQgBBBSkg9+/UjdyovxwVAoyMfoDEeGfPYnpPM9yeQPv2F3GGaVFdt6fUuT/Llvye68ur9sNK31uuH07Or59+/nA5UvuAYNEgBCACFoNNE+Yu3qaVonHrbyVkQv2vjKM4aj9KGqBZ7bbQdJhoV9KKbvKBGNITfZ2JRt3/0sWyFpIU/+oGv7Pu7eZ9moPlNI3OqG25O4kC/VakbbnM2///CPkhZhLyGsAggBhKBRUkK6Z6wtPFWlzINWHi/2lHv55wtHUTdC/ZUspDuQNJuTadv6zfEnkiHvyBlhLnIzxt5nzYh0R87CMB9Tbjo5/d3T+kBSibmjBgdhFUAIIATNjmy/chSuvLtvfiGbai8/XzgiDvP9aNoSXiFOgJnk3Fxc9+/Zk/JkmP4zQtFiWM/2nZFMnU5GvEWnPENtrGTyvjSG1Mz0zUTLK9LMUkOLpTByG0AIIASNlhDSPWLt9cIrGldecoXf3+dXkoKeKyM8QMlQf/gPhKVEsOiaD+r/xdCaNKNMUTV63KsaHWDK2y0RK3sCCHsNhnsevTvHmV6HYVnI18bsXce9Zgl1b6C6sR4EIAQQAshmvFjm6jcqV567p+cKR5YtvemeMYSGuCvtPkK1fLLrLvZVLu5T8zhCMe2siyui417VablhNvCMuOhqfuGsVyXT6t/+rIP7PIAQngqA8GWB8GmmbdMRD57q8kGEfMzbg6JJs987R99kGUacLDNAfHGk2+Fa/Nt1j5K7Qnpo0d2wvR1hk9KpVzkq5H33/Q2KvXFc5RSN9fnLGiSHAEJ4KgDCWQdhx/ZfKldeVGDIou+QznCEt75w/iShoaG8b9oas0ZVCiAUIBmga0cx4/REewapoGxFHOc9tJzW33/SZllea1OVdFSUeo31TpMGDBCAEEAImgEQLrz+SOXK2w8yad6xFKQ1HGECQrO7C7LtPveJg72Bj7kpBk/FFHN1XzlxZnFTr4LJG4yPcp/52vdfrN16l/yRWWkN6bFXbKVuAwgBhPBUAISzD0LbV0zlynsfYgLrOOeiNxxtxcy2RpmT+TcOhR/h/KDR4BeEyK6pt4Iid3cDI+U4+8NHb8uDRMWPq1mtJuNeCv2zRKvkhJErQK8EgBBACJppEP5I58pbsjOVZca+NNXhKITmlli+a/t+21cXKskjd2SkFzV+H/FHlIUxY6paF60lRMoJTGyZvL182VdbI9xVvvcB/bnmUVn1ThCAEEAImkYQdmz/pnPlrfvsKyfMJk9/OPL7IrqHdvFl37HLIdu+W2Iopr6faAT5sD5HH2YJJeeB9wndfUZYOhqh6YKklFp5ZE25iYovtWkJIRc0NU9lC/GsB0D4ZCD8318U18pc/UxnPEi9YfcZ5vMO/eEoJ+DKYI802LNU8ts1ZpQaZFKZJEJ7D74/jBVJXElGW23oBA6TY0ONpnrOqjCix6qzRQi5AMLpeyrxYgpA+EJl+5uf0niQORVi9Z6X/nB0I4DQYAOziFDSnDp+T0rjONAb2HqKO26NVgJTbqkTwnKzlWeaytPEgnVIn0IIuSCKnwqA8GWq81RGhHTEg4lcPh2p3Bp8+bSCcuYnaD6Ewp7EhL4tI2WEGiLuvNsMV1aUoOKjphNOCQGEAEKQ7tYoxSPWnnhndDZAGMoZEypzUTR6QzTNcHfIxFkxjPYdKDkpEo50RqgBQo2iGwwYBBACCEFTWSzTsS18ABCayItQ0rB2cxmhPttEry+losLWvGPVuPvPg96ty6YVE5Bwe6VWY2x04cZZDboLAYQAQtBMgPDK9vXTTMeDR7k86XDQKVnhMiTPiyDUVkwpi1YQUv04veV53sRHw3567Fq9ndh3Jn9mfqaXL3G6IIUEEEAIIATNBAivXv/BzXY8eJTLZ76hA82PwdGw2A/hdV9vLaNIt9hlA5GhaX3Kzq/Om5oNrs3toMykvjOkuGVb/eLRtrI6tFA3NjsEAQgBhKCpB2HH9gfN8eDmHb/I+DwUhKN0SGe+C/EnlKahEg8lT2pL4qMPte2qdx6Gd1Wf4Zc7Lix73dYLUn268bhpX0M36cNNa13dE3HUb+rUEM0Oq7AHCiB8IU/FcnrK+k7tAMKXBcKrDkdxPAjyF0sJIUuiOBxh4lQv9XcQT4jKffd71rwlxd6WJnZb3Kgi/+RZiu2c5nv9vvBYw8dxzai3rzBQL9Pqbxgsn/90Xj06g/ZAAOELeSpviV8a6wYQvigQLti+0hwPXB5mJcGE3lMdjvaCXU/5+DLpq78QMbg3xEUDZMaokCRuooEDRZVCwaJxo6J+Qmjt+SkNo9KZtak4+isIICwJLD2DAAogfOlPBUA4qyDs2P78QPPKW1okIExM0azRC4TI3uhGBbnVV8W5C1W5jQetr84lt5jsNUoaDg3IJtH8O4Ts49xR06Qgprzdb0aRLyhLYMpkWMwlmPQCCOGpAAgfQ3/ROGLt9cIHqleelBH65qcnHOGQXUIcQicq14g4QsnuUaDUXIFjLp4nBoQbnpt22OBo0IvQDrq+Ge+OSgXDDFA9O62/FDRft9YLeec2HBICCAGEAMLZVMf2K90rb82RW8ldrOSmLhx5k6gSVrlG3EpmS+ItVaR2QR9a5XeI+S6XROiz/sdxReQ23hfd0P+ycY/DkclYtHwJGAgghKcCIJxh2X57RXk8CDhY1hGgIByN2jHn9RwK3JMJfhqLCOleNnbvMWEXEjzyr1ps77SDafLxFWOne5wxLr256Vaujqxq3cQxAnoFAYTwVACEjyUKR6xdLXyke+Vxaxkmm5ng5aPFirYfUgDFsiNeNttzjThGiKR9+H6rFB/wDrE65v6l0/Bd+gH/xmuEImP+1fx4jrv5RgP6CwGEAELQ1BfL2P5J+8pbWpzs5eOyQ65amcH2eKVO3e7dmyjn+9ZHUW+g61Aog1Ch4x0UfswsNGKcUD5utiuqaW7vCyEXQAggBNEOwoWnteN9jJU355ns5b/0jvH6lE4amuMeINcquiCd9SfaoIxF7APgujNkU2It5U4OP3XUcpPyTzac1KGSFEAIIARNOwg7tqvJnBA+ZOXlVoMnIUEmb3OQFtju1iBe5pfmQuNdHq9FtNG7VwwYgCaGHKsoRgbLbA67b+oLGu6EZivINTeMheGzyQkevABCACFo2kFo+/oJU7/yWFlmILzLZDLda+yupELXvGWS4SgRqeyjOLMWVjU4hMZ2FA4h5JpHbYrDCS4UIKYCCAGEoKkGYefq0xSsvEVZZiD0KQI0v8sw/vfBCYejrEYtTcBwP5Vhovq/ifjDqLK87KUkdODtmnPwRQipAEIAIWi6Qfj69avZiQcO/v36hbx1mWBPhf+iYwrC0TdkVBHDFVE4qk/CBEUxlIyXKeslhtBmCCAEEIKmE4QLtj/xFKy8G1kmb/O9DQX4A+n/T1gyoeVgR+aJxWLZeK5wdIFQUP+rZMAoqYZJ0x4sy82mLgjxpfWsBLEVQAggBA0nukas2f7kpmHlvRe0wi5pDt1e7h4gSgUqKTYrgzCjAKH0pmcKR/74ocF3OSFZ/cbHboWfkIhpYb3e0v69qWqFLgoAIYAQNJ2a5Anhg+NBYl+zjSDrlSXtL/6fvXP9aRtLw7hNTstakRniZANOQc0kkBDa0hBICahJdxf1su1IOx2JCC2QWcGX1Uir1Zam3ShWLmpm6BC19AKbD+mIbT+MtBp1pfkPx3YuEMg9sWOb5/mCAWNLed8+v77nvOecW/S9OkOjA60IW2j2H5NUeHKJYRY07RvSZqS/bzQjyP8NzaMAIUAI6ZOD7LBLR36wbG/jpkl6tDRYN5hmmS4/mReMd4i5om3j+Pfv/tp4HvDPf/wKXTMAIUAItTlH+PGjZuYIrezwjp78YHu6+e83nNtjdzyMeGUPUdTd+dCNN+oun+ha0qkS4z6tu2XzUXRwECAECCH9NctkrBOPdZJ5k5Ku21dbVIz+eYf9ijRCSs/0tqBebbkWWhxECAGEEEAIECrRKPNBN5knt7p43oQNa0eB5TCcCZYLAYQAodorJ1RtlNGAH8COIGQeBBAChKcHRtkD/WTeodwRGjhU/fWaWs8OAYQQQAgQ9rNf1PbDY/1knrwmkIrQar/eNce8uWWof/2CgKYWgBACCAFCeX7w2aaeMq+0SP5Hj9qvv3Fyurzzb5XCAAAgAElEQVQOxAvpVrcUCInBAgFCCCAECMV60PpeR5k3P0+XtpZZUPv1kfXq6fI6UJKQRItb8oRkYYEAIQQQDlgaWEdoY3ffczrKvJkZ2jkzM7O/of7rg3sbinwULufcYt+fSQiJtrgn1voWCCBEVABCxUtCDdSDB491lnmzLoPZ0STDMP2efOTEitDd6h5BaLIsXoi6MYMIECIqAOFFEPvMpUM/CFwWZRg7uiOCcKzfD40nhDZw2eTvSeuxVQggBAgBwt4LwoGfPmHNvNVd5gUWPO2cUK8fOwo8erOnOWdIiyAswCABQkQFIDR+swz7gdNd5i3YQ46Z55Z9w9rRxuTtbv6MT8X7ObYaJfk4DBIgRFQAQsODkLXu6C/zLLPUdJDaWzWqHS0yzEIXB0PySZJN9XVwlYc/AoSICkBoeBBaB7JwotfMmx6jLPeosWmj2pGTYZguSkKMZQKEEEAIEHasTGZCj5l3bZa6f5NyWhR9/eKDR4Pyq3sM86iLAet4lhABjgYQQgAhQNjRwOgKp8fMczqpHx1TtFPJ198WqzLfoD6a0e2uBiXTMXR5AoQQQAgQdriEcEe3fjAa2lb09QMFIQTLhQBCgFClgnB4RK9+EFD89Q8XDuFXEECIqACEaqwjHCQIj/SZefyhZypIPfKp+npueRtuAQGEiApAqAAJB8hBq21Ln5l36N13BKk7flVff51h9mAXEECIqACERlKOfaLTzPM+lNYRXp1X9fUvGGYBdgEBhIgKQNh3DW6LtRybe6/TzHOMySBUdx2hE80zEECIqACEhmqWybCvt/SaeaY9CYRXhlR9PT+7ocJak9thWBIsFwIIAUI1ZGNtKy7dZt7k/F2H88HUQ8VeH7weGswCy+UllJ2wXAggBAjV6JJhM/8Z0bMfLA5NO/wPFXt94HuGCQ3kM7nCMAw2+ITlQgAhQKhsLZhhWevBe06/mRfklH59WMTR9YF8Jj505MByIYAQIFR66WAm9+HdiK4zjw5T1HpY0dc7mTdjA/lM+JAvUrpypXEEEiwXAggBQiWqwcw7Xu+ZJ4FwOqjs6yODnkCN5/t8pBIEEEIAIUA4bGMzwz9pYUxUByAcuARCiBvuBMuFAMKLAMJPn1RZMyjNDGZe7/BGyDw6Ip9IaGw7SokgTA+kFE1xMEWAEFEBCA0o1rr766tNzhiZRzNLS1OrS6KMbEepwiA4yKUJicIUAUJEBSA0nHJs5shAmTdelZHtiOMG8v+WqFiJoksHIERUAEJVpcIWa1Z2+IiDH8COGisdLZRHzY8JyWMhIzIPUQEIDdUsY2NZ68Rj+AHsqIniWUKOy4VooiA1q6YE0BCZh6gAhIYAoZVlM7uvtuAHsKOmkjpzYqd/IBCSRM8MMg9RAQj1DcJczmbNsNYnmuuQAQi1qNiZRYuYKUTmISoAoU5BKNMvw8rKWK3DKyPwA9hRe4OjNSOhXIKQPCpCZB6iAhDqCoS2TJl+tuHXBz+tvDra2dxywQ9gR12KE9woCJF5iApAqB8QSnUgu3swsfLu/eYIDz+AHUFIfAggvCAglGcBy3Xg7lv4AeyoZ6XcaXwIyDxEBSBUXZ8+/akLApb4l3sm1oFHOqsDAUIFFI9FO9uhW4iWNjKN8xRfPeZCWkUBEiLzEBWAUMPbw+RslVYYa+71f1eONkc4+IFx7SjVCdmihOQ7ejghRKAoLkryqSTJlumXJtXlhCWhXwYgRFQAQk3wr9wHI/eB2oafPZl4tbPFGcKlAMImKnR0+ESSkGwbt6UFrgZ50pfYyRrCM0c/cTGSRMsMQIioAITK6+P/GhR/5eovI5Z/H35Yefd2Z3PrMYfMuyh2lO2oxktnSaL1Xe7ShtrptFwKxkuFYUJ8U+Vv48LpMvRcgQgBhIjKOXErLNSzzOY6P8xkrLbc7uuDXw0wAAoQdqVoR6dAcHw7pZtYNxK51iyIzJPTSpoqTBWExuOnCRgkQIioNNfmBNSzzOba78vF3wiPzLvQduQ6dneQAkJbFWGBFBmTg56yfF6uxWiD+xPJGGYJAUJEBVJa3Jdm85fnfshxyDwkfidp1N4cYdBPW8adPue4hx4KdvMe3oV/ssg8RAXqu+qBEJmHxO9QjbpGU8n8ybjnvsMbKlWZfMjr2O/8LelsgwYeIYGzKmC5iAoEEAKEg6wIG60jPF0p7tNrgeovAmt0xyRsWHcWCEninzIsF1GBAEKAcJAk5BpWihV0BR1r8k18WB7f5NYcHY+ONqo7S004ECwXUYEAQoBQc0ol85WtYoa8Uj24wTjoKf89EYQB71BNTRmNtmw8bVR3ujvqcIVguYgKVKtvfv75G2QeEl9xLdMhGYe0JMdV8TJE/6G2qms1vClECw0Kz+pCfQiZh6hAXYhD5iHxu06eeNtNKnMW+dZ1eu36Ok3PiZe853PlFHrxS77lAn4sK0TmISoQBBBqjYPRMwfLN5FpXP5yO0JREZpel67XPF/I46bxPIlRgrz5KHWcPb2rWs1OMxIIC8haZB6ickb8KNSrxpaXx5R5cAB+YCA74oVU/Rot1uYDHM7q5XOafi59dU4V5YdKu42mKJ6XKsyaJ/L5Eh2r2M1j61GAEFE5q32/CepVZrMyz/XfhB8Yx44kJJ0/IEk6NqnNnbk52le5vEPTnoh04aNLLS7HIv3KhIvXVH1nQes6N47PxTE5CBBe9Kj4LENQrzKblXiqyf79KPzAMHbENaj90lF3uyCqVoSTNO3YkK+cjjJlY8lq3Scko64GFWE9PidRJAKEAKGdgXrUt2bzt/1/qt8+x8EPDGRHUu0ntAnNdN1pw/IcocTBqYelyzVTnb8WWZhPVp4QTzQ/p1dA/wxAiKgAhBoFof+a8zL8wFB2lHK3e3R8tP5wablrdHGKptd9Pmn5BG+Zq/uAbPurAsvn+0IAIUAIaQ6E9kP4wYW1o2z9BYE16wjp+5S0jnC5VxBSQhQFITIPIATItAnCEPxA1GzJ9Mt2Py5d+41vR0nyMpqoM3FX2lmGKX0m6xRVu7PMabidDI2eqf8wHQgQIioAoV5A6DcF4QeiXGFRDyzl2dLxVfG7iPHtKE6+K77MnmdWaa9R1y1Zri72Gk0Wv0D5BxAiKgChEvrll76CcNVkt5sWOPhBBYaeyjDx+NKFsCMuLYLwuzprLXo9fYIvFosvYZcAIaICEGpeQ96hR6ExDn5QUYgerYBw3uN9EDa+HaXIy+LTbL1RzLbPI0wd1+EoJ4IQZ0wAhIgKQKh92W+G4QentbpaubqzeGPymr28SM51+fLlWwa1o3TsOFF3No+L/p/2rDl9zjULfb/xuCgnrdWoQ0L3U5KCXQKEiApAqMQkYT9HRq+Zti+8H1yh6ZMmmVt0Td9QeCp0+ibj21EiVmaXUEhJxyUVP5sctMM0t9yUpISQ47Ye//XX8E+AECAECDXVLHPf7g/BDyJXy5ImxA49rppfeu8avyI8zUFCSoOkCfI065K2kEmcnHdSM4CeEk6KyHi+vb28ub9cuvR3GChACBACZBoC4X37iyD8oNaqvbU7rkYce8a3o3SyuvyhIG+nLSpWLBYF6SD7Kv1cSRLlTxeB+ZPvXOn2Fkr869Klf8JAAUKAECDTDghN9t/YO7/XtrEsjluSb6A00OY+qLFLHTfNNs0oddRfaQLtpGCmKS1BQialUAioT9KKRQhaSpSQMCwDnUQP87BQTGD6NCz0cdg/cHUl25JlK5YT/0jj7/chDrbjBO7h+8m595xz3z2BH7TrNTcXPIpruamV9zd+kmemLr8dHbc66unBr/k9xjd65+Tk2tdkshgbCrPzz5Nr0bFgjJenyiWkBAMFCAFCgOzCgFAQlh/CDxL6Qw4fuXu5h9W7CzOz1yfAjo5jo2U+HYR53qf8l0T9CxsTGj3jg/Kk/7sGNUPH5RMAIUAIEF4YEPLSEfxgUuzo06knePvHx+Hrn3aj9x18i88EZfdNfNuLtccffPn45c4Z/hJwECDEqgCEFwaE/OImhR9MiB3tZ7uO95RLlO40zw6jndK9nQK8EJGHVQEIf2AQitLTNfjBpNjRno8xekp6dnh8fMg4eHItDZhfO0AIIfKwKgDh+EA4iBFrkvy+AD+YGDvayeePO59lZaAhCsNDwt38ycnHlIzw03GmnBJC5GFVAMIfRYKwBj+YIDsqfNvpbG+gu63qlxCE+/kvH9OHZONwD5EHAYSXSuIb+MGE2VGX/oYIhAdhI+G3vdTyF7q/2+cWgmpYvf4kpWTCTQFCgBA6y9bo+Ues8dIL+AHsKPe1UQaaoQlwp4+7d3Oa/3kqIU4PEir+W5BnAoQAITSWYpnq4iMKP4Ad9VZYRNPYPP21kcepp6VxmpWjLrE1Rjminv7pJf8tGuwUkQcQQuMAofjuOvxgYuxo922Xc7/Cnd2e/wsdvN05bhXZfG01YLiE6KmbnapHFD8XJEbO9IjTg3L+mzFmBiAECKGxgJCXPsAPJsaODvPdbkjay+d7joXxKfgxqjY93A/JqfmYc3NptTM+JYlJAlRaeshBU9dOSR8hgBAghEYNwqosiSL/DH4wMXbEKmI6U8J8bKhamvz3/P3XX/9LYswOLpAwPCe5Q6qqNDj2y+muEcsRCbE7oKmZ2BIFCAFCaFwgFOXf/rX2BH4wOXY0v5ffm+949m0+33M+2p3831v1ei15bZJm+Oke9cK80E/4SqUQagabp00NJZHlsYNAS29/1nLYKSIEEAKE0DhAWBVvwQ8mzI5otwuS6GFsTMzhfvfOiHmjVq9vdb0/kDrNayRsUguh5meKXpcCVN3PEY16fTpOQqN3IQ0EEAKE0FBAWJXEpw/hB7CjXNu9Sbup26SavbVV6n4YaLqNRNCr1acDEirNHJGlfEa0b6oall2v1+M8VX1m4ngQIAQIoXOA8Kwj1mRxc+ln+AHsqHObNJ92rW5rA1MttZeKtvBoTNe3CMMe1Q0t2vr0jCjloywjbMsAdQUJISIPIITGIEkoP4MfwI46xDLCgGuamcj+qNEc/WJ5qU0Teq1eT3RB+Bnf9BZRYp9j67BNRB5WBSAcu6riBvwAdtRtl/RwN6imUb1ob7PBL9LsBQx7A7v9sOHUtmqkbaOTag6p14jdNYOEEHlYFYBwEHujZ9kZrQrCDfgB7KgrzMKHoL6z7YXoGWo3B6bRkhM/NjQJ2dpKts5TS3dJLCOEEHlYFYBw/MUysijKZfgB7Og0HEb5X4tyTqM0lJq2ozZ2QknbJinrnre7zM6muo4kEJGHVQEILxAIZWnl1nP4AeyoBwmVONAM14hGv9ikudPZDkKaMxwXLYGIPKwKQHjhQcgv/kLhB7CjvqS29fpFIKSKrYTRtF4RilxRqKy374rGykUhRB5WBSC8GCAUROnKHPwAdtSf2jM/lSQnqj3huZnZ8lJ5dobjY6OKNOeUmdwQIg+rAhCOB4TizQ8FRB7sqLcUz46KZTQ3NgZNs5N4OyouroVhVVhbLB61nmdnhilVMlTDHioiD6sCEI4DhFVJvoHIgx2lZ36tg0ErwbAYtthLbb2CR9x2NKPo4TbXIiG1iZeyN2oQD7kiIg+rAhCOHoSCyK8h8mBHqYqVirKm+e7JHKWJjPBJcbtx6vzzqp8X0u1ia3dUr6VtjTqkvbUQAggBQujMIPz+PSMIq4Iol58j8mBH7TIdr9UcH7UKmjZxSmmbl5redkTILzbywWWOm2U54SLffMlmFzF1lR0OIzV1jBkFCAFCaGQz1cTN8ioiD3aUFINfg3jU9IgbJncuIV7G4uJ1rrHN8ITjuCvsmzWuWTvqpuZ9Vknxf2uGm+shgBAghAYkQdh4iMiDHSWk6rQUQx61zGiwTFYQVmbCOhnKN0FYmKm0cOeaKdfSq2zU9sCvYKKGq8NyIYAQ6tCmLC3K9ygiD3aUpAYhJa3kdkGR5dpZASXMtjZGGyDMbQux13VvutaR9lFWUGqy/sTBZoTGJNzpBBAChFC/xTK8KMn/Lt9H5MGOOtS4Pvd8H1IsBw/XOY5vgrBcjCGvVq/XO9O+RmeiaQwWW0rAV1guBBAChG3poLiyPoXIgx2lYMPt7ye0GDXDkWuUWwoeqhw31wThEhe9jU77IOzMCDVnKKeDltM85YTlQgAhQNgaqHZlHpEHO0pRv8OwjVhfoOqF3YRhRniL4+76LLw7yw4MywutN+nUqddrnWkf1czhVMlosFwIIAQI22tkpFf3EXmwo1T1mT15sRTSbZSbhmeEZXZCyN3lOFaaPCs2Pp0dQpp2luNGGtzppOCSCoAQIIQGDEJeOqKIPNjRwOTEZsoohDgsusKq0feyIAgc96A6z6pGHzXeEx5C9pbqeHpwbKjCUBF5l3RVlmeKwguAcBwglJ5S+AHsaHAyS1GXPTXCmwdbfYS5QkcfYdZDyKDxHiBE5F3iVdlYWJqr/OM6QDgGEIpv4Aewo7PvhGb7sNZkGfogOVkm6428QeM9tkYBwku8KjLbJhFXAMIxjFgTy/AD2FFLlt0+LHtAimaNTiVnjbLJpJn+Mtc1YaUA4SVelfkFtnFS4QHCMXTSi4/hB7CjlozzNtlpateazNTbJyBEHlYl1Cr33v/6WQQIRy5ZfDUPP4AdtYHwPP3rrPfPUrugtP0+wv/ifiVEHlYFILwoHJQ+P4MfwI5i25TK+QZxsmqW7nfOsxvqt8tL5e0ZTt7KQFsLG6EA4WStCrZGx1Uss1im8APY0QBleoTUUupA1ytCkSsKlfUsQ8781NSAcyLyJmpVUCwzFhBuSvIc/AB2lJB6rtmeqqLapzAs+MdLsz2l1+c4qdcUQgDhJV2VsH3iBkA4MhBuCqIoSvIG/AB2lCDVuW97oJrRtSGC0n4mprl+WmkZKswTIJygVVmeWUBD/ehAyIviZmX58f0pRB7sKKnzX85Au/dDaDaxs5NQMwzLQfc8QIhVAQiHA8JNUXr1eh6RN5F2pNpuj41P1euHV32ocatSZpyymwiJAvcECLEqAOHgQciLsy8pIm9C7cjpPdDMUodzO4PZ73g0zYldZAEBhAAhNCgQSqLwbhWRN7F25PUGIR3Sv0lULfXZmaHpaKEACLEqAOHAR6zJwvIcReRNrh3pjj1CuKhG/JdhSChAiFUBCC/EIJlfEHmwoxGJmoR4FuwPkQcBhBdJvFguIPJgR6OSMbRLk1Tbxq4pIg8ghM6UD/6ngMiDHY1MpnfOlsRUOexOJgiRBxBCfRbL8KKwXEDkwY6GL0tvbIj2X4BqKUaWo0Qn422+sFwIIIRiIJSkP14g8mBHo+CgQ7xg41LPViZKlVJzn5M62UaMYmsUkQcQQv2DkBeXKCIPdjQKsc55RrOsjYMKIV4jc7T8HynBMBF5WBWAcBgglKTKM0Qe7Gg0GaEXZoRNIPZSKXYHYgk99Ig8rApAOCQQissUkQc7GpHMsH0w63BR04myQGqi3wKRh1UBCIcCQpF/jsiDHY1a1Mr275cG+CHysCoA4ZC7Jq5erbxE5MGOUqUbGkwKgQ8BhJeZg9L3P28j8mBHqTIIsTH+DIEPAYSXWOIKReQNWp/l4oPgm+tXig8qzTut5isPildWfzg7cgkhSAkR+BBAeInHqkkvEXkD183ySgDCgsR/eH230nj20czrD7xU+NHsSB99dzoSUIAQqwIQjjIh/I0i8oagewEIH3N+ArhRDH/Js4WNXG6Ve/zD2ZGpjzZGTMcz4IoAIVYFIBxVPijKL2//iTPCYYHwjcQAyP0ePPU7x3o1pZuwox5yCfGQEwKEWBWAcDTaFB99yN2+ehUgHBIIX22yrwtHwVNHC+zr5qvwDfNT/2fvXHoTR9YAim0lEppNYOEAEW0u4hFiHuYZkHhJqAOCxVy11FKkrIbdqBWNZhVptlHUSnQXs8g/mD96bUMSmE53QrqqeOScBZ1Wd1ym6vN3XOWq8v5+g3T0HB/29v6kFhAhrYIIFXkwmAwgQlEcaXNaTyIc+CLsLYqwuvi/SUfP8OXDX/+lFhAhrYII5TPQTfOmHkCEwuhacyqBVwyN0iMERAiIcI0KdGzTNI3ruJexEaEUHibLdP41WaazhZNlgMAHRLhLg6GGr0Dn/OhrvzGfj4AIxXMwvU9Pp/uBqD2cjkPFQKBhns2WTwy3b/kEEPiACHdoExnT1keXX2/9sbtHEKF4Iv4DwJOnBfWH3l8q3oL6A9IRIEJAhGt7JmhM+slv65DlE7IJk44AEQIiXDuGaRrnLUJts/IB6QiIPECE8vuBQ113HMPUL2sHrFFGhABEHiJ8P+Og3qQYD9swHD0YKRBliBCAyEOE70aC3jjoaek+kevV+tN6p/LjriDPCElHQOADItypmaGmEbyPrzAOyqxR0pECwr/99SuD8wQ+IEIFm2g72eq4sVq+QYSkIwV82dvb450SBD4gQtljoqZp69WVp4YiQtKRAn53RfgruY7AB0Qo2YPnzUJy9TpEhKQjFXzY+4P33BP4gAilatAwT+tvqkNESDpSBM8ICXxAhBKfDZqm/rH7tjpEhKQjIPABEW79qyTs69qbA5vlE6SjDegsfvrjT+bSEHm0CiJcZbsYxzHmS+YN57SU70d/JgeFw0Qe6WjN/Lq3t/eFaiDyaBVE+OJblBzD3y3G9naL+bs4SeR6/3qVBCBCRAhEHiLcXQ1mbSdYTDRvW1Zjn3kHiHCn+PThj9+oBSKPVkGEL0wLzZ4WZEQvzwhJR5sBN3dEHq2CCH/8LNDUL+tSap9Zo6QjIPABEW6iBP3JoN6zwOvikb99dltS7SNC0hEQ+IAIN2s5xGxCjHOd7yt5FogISUdr48tvv5P/iDxAhIvL4o3Zcoji5XGt1VVV+4iQdLQmwp/+3PsfJiTyABHOZ4T6DtSLuYtGUnHtI0LS0br4L6+kIPIAET7ukGbr1XzNSq6j9hEh6YgeIYEPiHDNvUHTHv3U1jCIEBFuqQl5RkjkASJ0O4O2aQfHrKBChABEHq3yLkVomPZpvpUkBBAhAJFHq7wfEQ4Gw6Gu647jGKbzcUpnEBECEHmwuyL09oYx7Ie9YebYtm0YhitC/dragNr/zz//8IyQdAQEPiBC4eviZ1uj2YYevIlUS5P7j4l87q4Xr932W1Or3ui2KxvSF2SyDOkICHxAhKKGPL0BT2NmQEOPTPK920Inuum1jwhJR0DgAyJ846in7lnPXhjy9AY89eB5NdE7a0S3pfYRIekICHxAhC9Lbzib3bLgPe/tuN7rcUel+0Q+14uP+y3rsLO/fTNAESHpCAh8QITBwXwqp2c7V3eu75ZnuMw6e84weB4pli5d79VOXO11K7sw5RMRko6AwIedF+EzmjP/zWwqp2c7Rx8Ez/+OVIulyWUif9xr1m4vpm5nr13ZzZUOiJB0BAQ+7KQI/V2sv12x4OjD4OnN51FxNo8zn/vaa8Zr4/6FN5Xz0JvLmXxvC/sQIekICHzY3lYJ57NuX++hs7fU17OHV4lHzZ21Clb9oNPdr0SpbUCEQOBTCbvQKlfz8U57sbM3CJ5fj6rFyf1lIn/BvmWACAGIvB1ulbg//nl6c3U2LViHjc47HNIERAhA5NEqC6DBt/KJLdZIR0DgA63ynmGyDIEPBD7QKoiQyCPwgcAHWgUREnkEPhD4QKsgQiKPwAcCH2gVREjkEfhA4AOtggiJPAIfCHxQRVtr7MO66P7yS/e9fveG1ibwgcCHTaCuAayH+joDv0H9w5po4J0N7BEevPnGpqH+Xuo9FPlOvubBem+Mw432ZtSRnMNy1I092XaDHUh2acB6DUPd76NIavZdPduRc1iOul0nC4iQIqlZRMhRESEgQoqkZhEhR0WEsBaSR0nlv7mGk92mIqnZXbtU1nBYjrpdJwsAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKCA9nU6ff2wv0dzUNamr/ilfChm9Oc/nxixbF7BiS6U2Rxm0k5NaZEuFylbbZHJSSiVzakt886OZSJd2SX2gxktHlAcQAK4cmJl78/pTShmJkQfNXAQjJWLQickWsFy2rkVXg8194xPJdRv0n5V+lmFw1EolhU7y3M5LcBuMLAvLuzg/C9f73OvicReKmcV0wezQIsVrVyqKf08F8ssfmzVJ6mpyiLdO4bswFb6LQNBZ3x4dqG0zL6WOOybp7KLrE2ajyJUFUAiOEqUfGXliif1r7G84KNGbX06zhRFnnA2WKhXYx3B1dAs5y1LRosVB8JFWIuM6/FMSVpagN3A0s4CgTPNeryBek0kOlX3w5wFV8l0P6qO9BNdLNPHvFdb5M3kyFb6LWvlrpIQWCwzkfXveBWU+ihCVQEkhuPy449VXfBRa95OzL2YwMXaXa3vLf8ei62DaEjSMEXNtDQpt7cfszIzEewAOf8SLB+vIsKkf/9enOUB3buDbaZkrzBdKtMjHMorLfLYiMoX4VKR1WEpky1VlJZ5kaqFO3pVpQgVBZB4EV6fCz7qxIuvtiZwJDNsjirRREbwzuZn2rGdGRSE120n1DqUI8KJITETwS5w5d8rZS9XEWFD88brrszZ4MuVlz+1juTzXCrTv8krKy2ynrEC8kW4VOQgFjyrhSJKyww00yktqEJKjyJUFEDCRXiRGgs+6mjofabuRDauoaUyot3S00LN1t/CxyvCg6uAHBHW0zlZ1wtsNUcPb8VqzRr0Z0R4uRYR3sXGAYVFRg23/6lYhMOYeyff1Coqy7QyHws1e6RUhGoCSMTFsijCQuZK9FFHA1+EPXEnHA4OLlrVUEdsNdxprleSmbzg2k04UWEiXKrdRnYkMRPBFtO15lS2dGi0F5M/aXSxyLaWSqU0LXWr8Ft+9jrrlvRX1y6V6Q/39VVYaXuGRp8ulgURWpmJ8KOKGhp9OvTY3x366TZXzFFvvSePAWciuHZP/Wss9Vl0mzXMz2F5mQh2g+2cLHMXiyuom4UiwwWXqlmoKPyWOW/aRFx6j3CpzNNzv3um4DyPoKQAAAl2SURBVPXZ2z1ZpiB0HuLjZJmO4MkycV+E5pXYOtiP+T1C0TNmDtxLbKw1RcdeI3sTlZeJYFcY2Gdn/vIJ073R6U5rWm/6Yn9gNoH4MFD6rHr5xKzMu1S+0+m0VRbpj7fYSr/lfujc6mdHSss8TuXrF4Z0K+1Pp1pieqA0gITk6ul9ejrddz147QZgV/BRo/ZwOg6JXD7RLZ9OrZLwhUbF0NgaZWRcf+KfETayw4bbVhKuF9gpug8L6rVjNw/64+pHL/5SPpTylpRGvPGBEyMVUrOg/rFM3T/NiMoiFYlwqUhrGAvJnzW6XGbejGWupXcIT+YNqDSABBDxz/tk/ggqJPioEhbUtwZlCVtPJEuZ9LAgo4LFi3CW0jQJ1wsAAMghTBUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALyKH67N9fa08tbHRyS8g/bIe/u697Fw8FUXCp9obVoQNg8/uL/3bytuONEZxsrUKIAMHradj/zQPZXOa0U4O8wKwrS0eCfpf7SfZBbtPLff4fdzCiKE1ZhtT1N/9pZPHH5cfy+Snxdhc1BeuhJDiYefSmb9ma3Pnv4dAN5Kp9NJpL2dSF/shEkSYVwLzz9eljYiBFEiHLhB/8zt1jMi/IlN3L6N6+RLIvx6n/uOCM+ffdHEtyJM0roAqzO79g+1ph6zvXeHXeixUHG+Z+dUT6eN1sLQaCJTrrpXWvtzOTaozy/mhLeL5LEZM//f3v28Ju78cRyfWBC8NR60jUhEMlHrz6ipCmsUpFXseUHozfue+wcsRdpTD/2DPzP5aez2sAvf7+n5OHTZjs5m8T15JWOS6UVnmIVa9DDI+4PnlZKn7fZLUhZ8Uf40na5+mmPcGL40/BGmZ/mh5ZjxgqP2Rrq/A73w0NBza2rIp8+rHOln2QfOmzhdSfdjGQXhl01pTlzL/MXniz8FYXyoVr+yWjWVh42uZU6K0VNda1FQeW1Vh6uC1U4KKjpj61redqzeX3PlTo2E6UjVsT6zvH/1rKvHrEcRL/OXlnzcmUgqudY9mfK1GBa91Z1fHEuKmum4g+g5wSJ50434sXNlQbX7JVde7ePnCGe1fzP75Zr5gQfgb4KwMrUP5q3oy4b/fBU/orvy2/ZXxywI5cSu61VlSpX1cdNqZiOw486rc7XrWBj7ZVA8qOPt5ri169sflegA9d6bLey2LRpyZQ8dXySNxbaxXIY/wn3T0Gv76064L1i6T/Zxq58ZLmv+ydiLwGjHKxj0zHL0ozP1H0ebiyBMNqVhrqvrdz5ffB+EU9n296Y6ymq8Vd8qE9HU0yPFsyA059X7pKDCGRSnUe33imokvPanepHF+dw/lrplUWwV1v7qOetRieo6KfmoM/37qJJrctZf6y6eKlO/bd3lg3Aup9ePHRGYn/FaEMHmsPxRHpUW/tALxLHX95+s67g9C0L5s9/PDTwAfxWEHf2dhi1+6pWM1vG6frKdviQMQhWU4vAqfL3sdGCtshFo6sR5GZ1PjXYqKq6a1j7s4akVjctwofKrSdZYN8IppOhN4dJt8b7gSS9Afq82qKDXXLgank2NBs46Pi1UFkYxH4TJpgy2PJAZ3wWhI6U8iIKeMTi50e9WXjIYsiBsiKygomqLzrRuPDVAejKqsMDoi46MDtJyPYZ1nZR81JlI+6/ppRSHIzG29DzM7iMfhI04yLKpz5k6OH2T+reteG1DfZoatmdB6DYvBh6AvwrChV7vey0qehdhxWsP15ztL/8sCPVKjIOCqDt67qf7mY7AwLD0u9zzIJzojqQRzSltoi84inr5HN1D2pgLwsd4N6N7KUWvmIqCXtmzdHP+HeFmEv1Dx5IZbup5EKabsvBaA3YG+HMQbn3fXworrBV11Pe2dcM/L4NQH/AlBaXdbuWh8yNehOuoytX/aIVVOokXH0t7TIIwLfmws/Mg1EssN1oqW3WhO6N8EF6b5m5+exmED+FrjaEYDyue/vMyCLeXAw/AXwXhUQfhnagMfC2eWLEbW2eev33iPAg/9Qh8MMXSeNdvquaCcBR2FF3GMkuCcK172GaNuSDsnwXhZha+YiwKg3gvkAXhu9d8UbuRsfuxtvfqtToIv2yKKK523oHPF38Kwmhq1HoIi6xctQaPdkdVURyE+hs7qx1Vc1ZQWvm51nWrSRBei8pmb/dVZQ6TIIx7PAvCuOTPLkfLLpZR6fVo3Ol3XOeDUIzrA3fUvAxCM+w9EJPWvO93B3EQJrX/h4EH4F+C8GN70f5a+hKE8dToXPRcNeI/9HzkZ/Tie31iKXb6zLHjFbNOapdTo0ljLgjH51OjlfiavjQIs3XZx7Je+aXnqdTe4xQH4ZdN0aZGwAeMb4NwtIv+OndU8byoKnqXYZWqsynfiIMwV1DhWaEKn2RqNNAxt1bB1o6nRpMes+LOpkbTIAwrOQnConXKdZ+9zlaDqZULwr0T57E6CBVFT42MsD2t/eg7ifOBB+BfgrBvTY5+fRAFzuSu+twafglCMYsvlrGNB7/n6StUrIbdbzfErfWy/CFeTDtojluFdfVuEK3fHnizhX86v1gmbswFoah5J/8xuljm3j08+vub2ywIW5NlcpT70dUZGDhDv16Jg/DLpjRWtr1z+Z4Q3wfh1Kn17dWTOrdr+CdTVdGzsQ/G4rWyWGydJAiTgtIeXxbXK2cqbuSHPXWHouz99t+uVBA2K4Vnf/6c9pgFYXaxTBqEYSWn85lPXts/9qJv40VwnBqr41K0O/pqmEBsS/dBFoTlQndafX5aiFn3eCxJNTLC9rT2w/9WbuAB+JcgFIutlN2XsKn5qq/hHn8NwuT2CdEz5c8Xfc/Ce9fxCupAt2MaBRFspepp+dO1Wrv46LS/sXK3TySN+SAsv5iO+SvaGH/mWZVBOQvCessx0zO9cCbq3bRG9TgIv2xKpyvl9sjni++DUExHlhx1VCC51uakq2jiGTVxv5GtqZcEYVrb+iRt44a3UtzMal54+8S+YnXv9FRn9SDD2yeSHtMgzG6fSIsxrOQ0CMuNiuNu1vFoNKI7OOojKUd7lbxdy8iCUBQHrmP+vhbVgmX29MiI2pPaj/5buYEHAMD/MEgBACAIAQAgCAEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAwP/Ff/TfZtCj3+eDAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)
  * ![Silhouette analysis for KMeans clustering on sample data with n_clusters = 6, The silhouette plot for the various clusters., The visualization of the clustered data.](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    For n_clusters = 2 The average silhouette_score is : 0.7049787496083262
    For n_clusters = 3 The average silhouette_score is : 0.5882004012129721
    For n_clusters = 4 The average silhouette_score is : 0.6505186632729437
    For n_clusters = 5 The average silhouette_score is : 0.56376469026194
    For n_clusters = 6 The average silhouette_score is : 0.4504666294372765
    
    
    from sklearn.datasets import make_blobs
    from sklearn.cluster import KMeans
    from sklearn.metrics import silhouette_samples, silhouette_score
    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import matplotlib.cm as cm
    import numpy as np
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Generating the sample data from make_blobs
    # This particular setting has one distinct cluster and 3 clusters placed close
    # together.
    X, y = make_blobs(n_samples=500,
                      n_features=2,
                      centers=4,
                      cluster_std=1,
                      center_box=(-10.0, 10.0),
                      shuffle=True,
                      random_state=1)  # For reproducibility
    
    range_n_clusters = [2, 3, 4, 5, 6]
    
    for n_clusters in range_n_clusters:
        # Create a subplot with 1 row and 2 columns
        fig, (ax1, ax2) = plt.subplots(1, 2)
        fig.set_size_inches(18, 7)
    
        # The 1st subplot is the silhouette plot
        # The silhouette coefficient can range from -1, 1 but in this example all
        # lie within [-0.1, 1]
        ax1.set_xlim([-0.1, 1])
        # The (n_clusters+1)*10 is for inserting blank space between silhouette
        # plots of individual clusters, to demarcate them clearly.
        ax1.set_ylim([0, len(X) + (n_clusters + 1) * 10])
    
        # Initialize the clusterer with n_clusters value and a random generator
        # seed of 10 for reproducibility.
        clusterer = KMeans(n_clusters=n_clusters, random_state=10)
        cluster_labels = clusterer.fit_predict(X)
    
        # The silhouette_score gives the average value for all the samples.
        # This gives a perspective into the density and separation of the formed
        # clusters
        silhouette_avg = silhouette_score(X, cluster_labels)
        print("For n_clusters =", n_clusters,
              "The average silhouette_score is :", silhouette_avg)
    
        # Compute the silhouette scores for each sample
        sample_silhouette_values = silhouette_samples(X, cluster_labels)
    
        y_lower = 10
        for i in range(n_clusters):
            # Aggregate the silhouette scores for samples belonging to
            # cluster i, and sort them
            ith_cluster_silhouette_values = \
                sample_silhouette_values[cluster_labels == i]
    
            ith_cluster_silhouette_values.sort()
    
            size_cluster_i = ith_cluster_silhouette_values.shape[0]
            y_upper = y_lower + size_cluster_i
    
            color = cm.nipy_spectral(float(i) / n_clusters)
            ax1.fill_betweenx(np.arange(y_lower, y_upper),
                              0, ith_cluster_silhouette_values,
                              facecolor=color, edgecolor=color, alpha=0.7)
    
            # Label the silhouette plots with their cluster numbers at the middle
            ax1.text(-0.05, y_lower + 0.5 * size_cluster_i, str(i))
    
            # Compute the new y_lower for next plot
            y_lower = y_upper + 10  # 10 for the 0 samples
    
        ax1.set_title("The silhouette plot for the various clusters.")
        ax1.set_xlabel("The silhouette coefficient values")
        ax1.set_ylabel("Cluster label")
    
        # The vertical line for average silhouette score of all the values
        ax1.axvline(x=silhouette_avg, color="red", linestyle="--")
    
        ax1.set_yticks([])  # Clear the yaxis labels / ticks
        ax1.set_xticks([-0.1, 0, 0.2, 0.4, 0.6, 0.8, 1])
    
        # 2nd Plot showing the actual clusters formed
        colors = cm.nipy_spectral(cluster_labels.astype(float) / n_clusters)
        ax2.scatter(X[:, 0], X[:, 1], marker='.', s=30, lw=0, alpha=0.7,
                    c=colors, edgecolor='k')
    
        # Labeling the clusters
        centers = clusterer.cluster_centers_
        # Draw white circles at cluster centers
        ax2.scatter(centers[:, 0], centers[:, 1], marker='o',
                    c="white", alpha=1, s=200, edgecolor='k')
    
        for i, c in enumerate(centers):
            ax2.scatter(c[0], c[1], marker='$%d$' % i, alpha=1,
                        s=50, edgecolor='k')
    
        ax2.set_title("The visualization of the clustered data.")
        ax2.set_xlabel("Feature space for the 1st feature")
        ax2.set_ylabel("Feature space for the 2nd feature")
    
        plt.suptitle(("Silhouette analysis for KMeans clustering on sample data "
                      "with n_clusters = %d" % n_clusters),
                     fontsize=14, fontweight='bold')
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 1.973 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_kmeans_silhouette_analysis.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_kmeans_silhouette_analysis.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/cluster/plot_kmeans_silhouette_analysis.html

