# Agglomerative clustering with different metrics

Demonstrates the effect of different metrics on the hierarchical clustering.

The example is engineered to show the effect of the choice of different
metrics. It is applied to waveforms, which can be seen as high-dimensional
vector. Indeed, the difference between metrics is usually more pronounced in
high dimension (in particular for euclidean and cityblock).

We generate data from three groups of waveforms. Two of the waveforms
(waveform 1 and waveform 2) are proportional one to the other. The cosine
distance is invariant to a scaling of the data, as a result, it cannot
distinguish these two waveforms. Thus even with no noise, clustering using
this distance will not separate out waveform 1 and 2.

We add observation noise to these waveforms. We generate very sparse noise:
only 6% of the time points contain noise. As a result, the l1 norm of this
noise (ie “cityblock” distance) is much smaller than it’s l2 norm (“euclidean”
distance). This can be seen on the inter-class distance matrices: the values
on the diagonal, that characterize the spread of the class, are much bigger
for the Euclidean distance than for the cityblock distance.

When we apply clustering to the data, we find that the clustering reflects
what was in the distance matrices. Indeed, for the Euclidean distance, the
classes are ill-separated because of the noise, and thus the clustering does
not separate the waveforms. For the cityblock distance, the separation is good
and the waveform classes are recovered. Finally, the cosine distance does not
separate at all waveform 1 and 2, thus the clustering puts them in the same
cluster.

  * ![Ground truth](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Interclass cosine distances](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Interclass euclidean distances](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Interclass cityblock distances](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![AgglomerativeClustering\(affinity=cosine\)](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![AgglomerativeClustering\(affinity=euclidean\)](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![AgglomerativeClustering\(affinity=cityblock\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    # Author: Gael Varoquaux
    # License: BSD 3-Clause or CC-0
    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import numpy as np
    
    from sklearn.cluster import AgglomerativeClustering
    from sklearn.metrics import pairwise_distances
    
    np.random.seed(0)
    
    # Generate waveform data
    n_features = 2000
    t = np.pi * np.linspace(0, 1, n_features)
    
    
    def sqr(x):
        return np.sign(np.cos(x))
    
    X = list()
    y = list()
    for i, (phi, a) in enumerate([(.5, .15), (.5, .6), (.3, .2)]):
        for _ in range(30):
            phase_noise = .01 * np.random.normal()
            amplitude_noise = .04 * np.random.normal()
            additional_noise = 1 - 2 * np.random.rand(n_features)
            # Make the noise sparse
            additional_noise[np.abs(additional_noise) < .997] = 0
    
            X.append(12 * ((a + amplitude_noise)
                     * (sqr(6 * (t + phi + phase_noise)))
                     + additional_noise))
            y.append(i)
    
    X = np.array(X)
    y = np.array(y)
    
    n_clusters = 3
    
    labels = ('Waveform 1', 'Waveform 2', 'Waveform 3')
    
    # Plot the ground-truth labelling
    plt.figure()
    plt.axes([0, 0, 1, 1])
    for l, c, n in zip(range(n_clusters), 'rgb',
                       labels):
        lines = plt.plot(X[y == l].T, c=c, alpha=.5)
        lines[0].set_label(n)
    
    plt.legend(loc='best')
    
    plt.axis('tight')
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.suptitle("Ground truth", size=20)
    
    
    # Plot the distances
    for index, metric in enumerate(["cosine", "euclidean", "cityblock"]):
        avg_dist = np.zeros((n_clusters, n_clusters))
        plt.figure(figsize=(5, 4.5))
        for i in range(n_clusters):
            for j in range(n_clusters):
                avg_dist[i, j] = pairwise_distances(X[y == i], X[y == j],
                                                    metric=metric).mean()
        avg_dist /= avg_dist.max()
        for i in range(n_clusters):
            for j in range(n_clusters):
                plt.text(i, j, '%5.3f' % avg_dist[i, j],
                         verticalalignment='center',
                         horizontalalignment='center')
    
        plt.imshow(avg_dist, interpolation='nearest', cmap=plt.cm.gnuplot2,
                   vmin=0)
        plt.xticks(range(n_clusters), labels, rotation=45)
        plt.yticks(range(n_clusters), labels)
        plt.colorbar()
        plt.suptitle("Interclass %s distances" % metric, size=18)
        plt.tight_layout()
    
    
    # Plot clustering results
    for index, metric in enumerate(["cosine", "euclidean", "cityblock"]):
        model = AgglomerativeClustering(n_clusters=n_clusters,
                                        linkage="average", affinity=metric)
        model.fit(X)
        plt.figure()
        plt.axes([0, 0, 1, 1])
        for l, c in zip(np.arange(model.n_clusters), 'rgbk'):
            plt.plot(X[model.labels_ == l].T, c=c, alpha=.5)
        plt.axis('tight')
        plt.axis('off')
        plt.suptitle("AgglomerativeClustering(affinity=%s)" % metric, size=20)
    
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 1.761 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_agglomerative_clustering_metrics.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_agglomerative_clustering_metrics.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/cluster/plot_agglomerative_clustering_metrics.html

