# Post pruning decision trees with cost complexity pruning

The `DecisionTreeClassifier` provides parameters such as `min_samples_leaf`
and `max_depth` to prevent a tree from overfiting. Cost complexity pruning
provides another option to control the size of a tree. In
`DecisionTreeClassifier`, this pruning technique is parameterized by the cost
complexity parameter, `ccp_alpha`. Greater values of `ccp_alpha` increase the
number of nodes pruned. Here we only show the effect of `ccp_alpha` on
regularizing the trees and how to choose a `ccp_alpha` based on validation
scores.

See also Minimal Cost-Complexity Pruning for details on pruning.

    
    print(__doc__)
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    from sklearn.datasets import load_breast_cancer
    from sklearn.tree import DecisionTreeClassifier
    
## Total impurity of leaves vs effective alphas of pruned tree

Minimal cost complexity pruning recursively finds the node with the “weakest
link”. The weakest link is characterized by an effective alpha, where the
nodes with the smallest effective alpha are pruned first. To get an idea of
what values of `ccp_alpha` could be appropriate, scikit-learn provides
`DecisionTreeClassifier.cost_complexity_pruning_path` that returns the
effective alphas and the corresponding total leaf impurities at each step of
the pruning process. As alpha increases, more of the tree is pruned, which
increases the total impurity of its leaves.

    
    X, y = load_breast_cancer(return_X_y=True)
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=0)
    
    clf = DecisionTreeClassifier(random_state=0)
    path = clf.cost_complexity_pruning_path(X_train, y_train)
    ccp_alphas, impurities = path.ccp_alphas, path.impurities
    
In the following plot, the maximum effective alpha value is removed, because
it is the trivial tree with only one node.

    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    ax.plot(ccp_alphas[:-1], impurities[:-1], marker='o', drawstyle="steps-post")
    ax.set_xlabel("effective alpha")
    ax.set_ylabel("total impurity of leaves")
    ax.set_title("Total Impurity vs effective alpha for training set")
    
![Total Impurity vs effective alpha for training
set](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    Text(0.5, 1.0, 'Total Impurity vs effective alpha for training set')
    
Next, we train a decision tree using the effective alphas. The last value in
`ccp_alphas` is the alpha value that prunes the whole tree, leaving the tree,
`clfs[-1]`, with one node.

    
    clfs = []
    for ccp_alpha in ccp_alphas:
        clf = DecisionTreeClassifier(random_state=0, ccp_alpha=ccp_alpha)
        clf.fit(X_train, y_train)
        clfs.append(clf)
    print("Number of nodes in the last tree is: {} with ccp_alpha: {}".format(
          clfs[-1].tree_.node_count, ccp_alphas[-1]))
    
Out:

    
    Number of nodes in the last tree is: 1 with ccp_alpha: 0.3272984419327777
    
For the remainder of this example, we remove the last element in `clfs` and
`ccp_alphas`, because it is the trivial tree with only one node. Here we show
that the number of nodes and tree depth decreases as alpha increases.

    
    clfs = clfs[:-1]
    ccp_alphas = ccp_alphas[:-1]
    
    node_counts = [clf.tree_.node_count for clf in clfs]
    depth = [clf.tree_.max_depth for clf in clfs]
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(2, 1)
    ax[0].plot(ccp_alphas, node_counts, marker='o', drawstyle="steps-post")
    ax[0].set_xlabel("alpha")
    ax[0].set_ylabel("number of nodes")
    ax[0].set_title("Number of nodes vs alpha")
    ax[1].plot(ccp_alphas, depth, marker='o', drawstyle="steps-post")
    ax[1].set_xlabel("alpha")
    ax[1].set_ylabel("depth of tree")
    ax[1].set_title("Depth vs alpha")
    fig.tight_layout()
    
![Number of nodes vs alpha, Depth vs
alpha](data:image/png;base64,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)

## Accuracy vs alpha for training and testing sets

When `ccp_alpha` is set to zero and keeping the other default parameters of
`DecisionTreeClassifier`, the tree overfits, leading to a 100% training
accuracy and 88% testing accuracy. As alpha increases, more of the tree is
pruned, thus creating a decision tree that generalizes better. In this
example, setting `ccp_alpha=0.015` maximizes the testing accuracy.

    
    train_scores = [clf.score(X_train, y_train) for clf in clfs]
    test_scores = [clf.score(X_test, y_test) for clf in clfs]
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    ax.set_xlabel("alpha")
    ax.set_ylabel("accuracy")
    ax.set_title("Accuracy vs alpha for training and testing sets")
    ax.plot(ccp_alphas, train_scores, marker='o', label="train",
            drawstyle="steps-post")
    ax.plot(ccp_alphas, test_scores, marker='o', label="test",
            drawstyle="steps-post")
    ax.legend()
    plt.show()
    
![Accuracy vs alpha for training and testing
sets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 0.602 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_cost_complexity_pruning.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_cost_complexity_pruning.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/tree/plot_cost_complexity_pruning.html

