# tf.raw_ops.QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRelu

Perform a quantized matrix multiplication of `a` by the matrix `b` with bias

#### View aliases

Compat aliases for migration

See Migration guide for more details.

`tf.compat.v1.raw_ops.QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRelu`

    
    tf.raw_ops.QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRelu(
        a, b, bias, min_a, max_a, min_b, max_b, Toutput=tf.dtypes.qint32,
        transpose_a=False, transpose_b=False, input_quant_mode='MIN_FIRST',
        name=None
    )
    
add and relu fusion.

The inputs must be two-dimensional matrices and 1D bias vector. And the inner
dimension of `a` (after being transposed if `transpose_a` is non-zero) must
match the outer dimension of `b` (after being transposed if `transposed_b` is
non-zero). Then do broadcast add operation with bias values on the matrix
multiplication result. The bias size must match inner dimension of `b`. Then
do relu activation to get non-negative result.

Args: a: A `Tensor`. Must be one of the following types: `qint8`, `quint8`,
`qint32`, `qint16`, `quint16`. A matrix to be multiplied. Must be a two-
dimensional tensor of type `quint8`. b: A `Tensor`. Must be one of the
following types: `qint8`, `quint8`, `qint32`, `qint16`, `quint16`. A matrix to
be multiplied and must be a two-dimensional tensor of type `qint8`. bias: A
`Tensor` of type `float32`. A 1D bias tensor with size matching with inner
dimension of `b` (after being transposed if `transposed_b` is non-zero).
min_a: A `Tensor` of type `float32`. The float value that the lowest quantized
`a` value represents. max_a: A `Tensor` of type `float32`. The float value
that the highest quantized `a` value represents. min_b: A `Tensor` of type
`float32`. The float value that the lowest quantized `b` value represents.
max_b: A `Tensor` of type `float32`. The float value that the highest
quantized `b` value represents. Toutput: An optional `tf.DType` from:
`tf.qint8, tf.quint8, tf.qint32, tf.qint16, tf.quint16`. Defaults to
`tf.qint32`. transpose_a: An optional `bool`. Defaults to `False`. If true,
`a` is transposed before multiplication. transpose_b: An optional `bool`.
Defaults to `False`. If true, `b` is transposed before multiplication.
input_quant_mode: An optional `string` from: `"MIN_FIRST", "SCALED"`. Defaults
to `"MIN_FIRST"`. Input data quantization mode. Either MIN_FIRST(default) or
SCALED. name: A name for the operation (optional).

Returns: A tuple of `Tensor` objects (out, min_out, max_out).

    
    out: A `Tensor` of type `Toutput`.
    min_out: A `Tensor` of type `float32`.
    max_out: A `Tensor` of type `float32`.
    
Â© 2020 The TensorFlow Authors. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  
Code samples licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r2.4/api_docs/python/tf/raw_ops/QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRelu

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

