# tf.raw_ops.RaggedCross

Generates a feature cross from a list of tensors, and returns it as a

#### View aliases

Compat aliases for migration

See Migration guide for more details.

`tf.compat.v1.raw_ops.RaggedCross`

    
    tf.raw_ops.RaggedCross(
        ragged_values, ragged_row_splits, sparse_indices, sparse_values, sparse_shape,
        dense_inputs, input_order, hashed_output, num_buckets, hash_key,
        out_values_type, out_row_splits_type, name=None
    )
    
RaggedTensor. See `tf.ragged.cross` for more details.

Args: ragged_values: A list of `Tensor` objects with types from: `int64`,
`string`. The values tensor for each RaggedTensor input. ragged_row_splits: A
list of `Tensor` objects with types from: `int32`, `int64`. The row_splits
tensor for each RaggedTensor input. sparse_indices: A list of `Tensor` objects
with type `int64`. The indices tensor for each SparseTensor input.
sparse_values: A list of `Tensor` objects with types from: `int64`, `string`.
The values tensor for each SparseTensor input. sparse_shape: A list with the
same length as `sparse_indices` of `Tensor` objects with type `int64`. The
dense_shape tensor for each SparseTensor input. dense_inputs: A list of
`Tensor` objects with types from: `int64`, `string`. The tf.Tensor inputs.
input_order: A `string`. String specifying the tensor type for each input. The
`i`th character in this string specifies the type of the `i`th input, and is
one of: 'R' (ragged), 'D' (dense), or 'S' (sparse). This attr is used to
ensure that the crossed values are combined in the order of the inputs from
the call to tf.ragged.cross. hashed_output: A `bool`. num_buckets: An `int`
that is `>= 0`. hash_key: An `int`. out_values_type: A `tf.DType` from:
`tf.int64, tf.string`. out_row_splits_type: A `tf.DType` from: `tf.int32,
tf.int64`. name: A name for the operation (optional).

Returns: A tuple of `Tensor` objects (output_values, output_row_splits).

    
    output_values: A `Tensor` of type `out_values_type`.
    output_row_splits: A `Tensor` of type `out_row_splits_type`.
    
Â© 2020 The TensorFlow Authors. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  
Code samples licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r2.4/api_docs/python/tf/raw_ops/RaggedCross

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

