# Robust vs Empirical covariance estimate

The usual covariance maximum likelihood estimate is very sensitive to the
presence of outliers in the data set. In such a case, it would be better to
use a robust estimator of covariance to guarantee that the estimation is
resistant to “erroneous” observations in the data set. 1, 2

## Minimum Covariance Determinant Estimator

The Minimum Covariance Determinant estimator is a robust, high-breakdown point
(i.e. it can be used to estimate the covariance matrix of highly contaminated
datasets, up to \\(\frac{n_\text{samples} - n_\text{features}-1}{2}\\)
outliers) estimator of covariance. The idea is to find
\\(\frac{n_\text{samples} + n_\text{features}+1}{2}\\) observations whose
empirical covariance has the smallest determinant, yielding a “pure” subset of
observations from which to compute standards estimates of location and
covariance. After a correction step aiming at compensating the fact that the
estimates were learned from only a portion of the initial data, we end up with
robust estimates of the data set location and covariance.

The Minimum Covariance Determinant estimator (MCD) has been introduced by
P.J.Rousseuw in 3.

## Evaluation

In this example, we compare the estimation errors that are made when using
various types of location and covariance estimates on contaminated Gaussian
distributed data sets:

  * The mean and the empirical covariance of the full dataset, which break down as soon as there are outliers in the data set
  * The robust MCD, that has a low error provided \\(n_\text{samples} > 5n_\text{features}\\)
  * The mean and the empirical covariance of the observations that are known to be good ones. This can be considered as a “perfect” MCD estimation, so one can trust our implementation by comparing to this case.

## References

`1`

    
Johanna Hardin, David M Rocke. The distribution of robust distances. Journal
of Computational and Graphical Statistics. December 1, 2005, 14(4): 928-946.

`2`

    
Zoubir A., Koivunen V., Chakhchoukh Y. and Muma M. (2012). Robust estimation
in signal processing: A tutorial-style treatment of fundamental concepts. IEEE
Signal Processing Magazine 29(4), 61-80.

`3`

    
P. J. Rousseeuw. Least median of squares regression. Journal of American
Statistical Ass., 79:871, 1984.

![Influence of outliers on the location estimation, Influence of outliers on
the covariance
estimation](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    print(__doc__)
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import matplotlib.font_manager
    
    from sklearn.covariance import EmpiricalCovariance, MinCovDet
    
    # example settings
    n_samples = 80
    n_features = 5
    repeat = 10
    
    range_n_outliers = np.concatenate(
        (np.linspace(0, n_samples / 8, 5),
         np.linspace(n_samples / 8, n_samples / 2, 5)[1:-1])).astype(int)
    
    # definition of arrays to store results
    err_loc_mcd = np.zeros((range_n_outliers.size, repeat))
    err_cov_mcd = np.zeros((range_n_outliers.size, repeat))
    err_loc_emp_full = np.zeros((range_n_outliers.size, repeat))
    err_cov_emp_full = np.zeros((range_n_outliers.size, repeat))
    err_loc_emp_pure = np.zeros((range_n_outliers.size, repeat))
    err_cov_emp_pure = np.zeros((range_n_outliers.size, repeat))
    
    # computation
    for i, n_outliers in enumerate(range_n_outliers):
        for j in range(repeat):
    
            rng = np.random.RandomState(i * j)
    
            # generate data
            X = rng.randn(n_samples, n_features)
            # add some outliers
            outliers_index = rng.permutation(n_samples)[:n_outliers]
            outliers_offset = 10. * \
                (np.random.randint(2, size=(n_outliers, n_features)) - 0.5)
            X[outliers_index] += outliers_offset
            inliers_mask = np.ones(n_samples).astype(bool)
            inliers_mask[outliers_index] = False
    
            # fit a Minimum Covariance Determinant (MCD) robust estimator to data
            mcd = MinCovDet().fit(X)
            # compare raw robust estimates with the true location and covariance
            err_loc_mcd[i, j] = np.sum(mcd.location_ ** 2)
            err_cov_mcd[i, j] = mcd.error_norm(np.eye(n_features))
    
            # compare estimators learned from the full data set with true
            # parameters
            err_loc_emp_full[i, j] = np.sum(X.mean(0) ** 2)
            err_cov_emp_full[i, j] = EmpiricalCovariance().fit(X).error_norm(
                np.eye(n_features))
    
            # compare with an empirical covariance learned from a pure data set
            # (i.e. "perfect" mcd)
            pure_X = X[inliers_mask]
            pure_location = pure_X.mean(0)
            pure_emp_cov = EmpiricalCovariance().fit(pure_X)
            err_loc_emp_pure[i, j] = np.sum(pure_location ** 2)
            err_cov_emp_pure[i, j] = pure_emp_cov.error_norm(np.eye(n_features))
    
    # Display results
    font_prop = matplotlib.font_manager.FontProperties(size=11)
    plt.subplot(2, 1, 1)
    lw = 2
    plt.errorbar(range_n_outliers, err_loc_mcd.mean(1),
                 yerr=err_loc_mcd.std(1) / np.sqrt(repeat),
                 label="Robust location", lw=lw, color='m')
    plt.errorbar(range_n_outliers, err_loc_emp_full.mean(1),
                 yerr=err_loc_emp_full.std(1) / np.sqrt(repeat),
                 label="Full data set mean", lw=lw, color='green')
    plt.errorbar(range_n_outliers, err_loc_emp_pure.mean(1),
                 yerr=err_loc_emp_pure.std(1) / np.sqrt(repeat),
                 label="Pure data set mean", lw=lw, color='black')
    plt.title("Influence of outliers on the location estimation")
    plt.ylabel(r"Error ($||\mu - \hat{\mu}||_2^2$)")
    plt.legend(loc="upper left", prop=font_prop)
    
    plt.subplot(2, 1, 2)
    x_size = range_n_outliers.size
    plt.errorbar(range_n_outliers, err_cov_mcd.mean(1),
                 yerr=err_cov_mcd.std(1),
                 label="Robust covariance (mcd)", color='m')
    plt.errorbar(range_n_outliers[:(x_size // 5 + 1)],
                 err_cov_emp_full.mean(1)[:(x_size // 5 + 1)],
                 yerr=err_cov_emp_full.std(1)[:(x_size // 5 + 1)],
                 label="Full data set empirical covariance", color='green')
    plt.plot(range_n_outliers[(x_size // 5):(x_size // 2 - 1)],
             err_cov_emp_full.mean(1)[(x_size // 5):(x_size // 2 - 1)],
             color='green', ls='--')
    plt.errorbar(range_n_outliers, err_cov_emp_pure.mean(1),
                 yerr=err_cov_emp_pure.std(1),
                 label="Pure data set empirical covariance", color='black')
    plt.title("Influence of outliers on the covariance estimation")
    plt.xlabel("Amount of contamination (%)")
    plt.ylabel("RMSE")
    plt.legend(loc="upper center", prop=font_prop)
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 3.862 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAG0AAAAUCAMAAACwC0NtAAABWVBMVEW7u7vo6OjCwsLMzMzz8/P4+Pju7u68vLzd3d24uLjx8fHm5ubT09PAwMDJycnPz8+urq7Ly8va2tq5ubnq6uqSkpLBwcH09PS6urrypVmvr6/i4uLDw8O0tLSjo6PX19e9u7pYm8qxsbGrq6u+vr7s7OzZ2dng4OCVlZXk5OTIyMiWlpampqaoqKj6+vrGxsagoKC9vb2ZmZn29vb///+Nq8Kzs7PSspNlnshfnsr2o1HnZYHXc46dnZ2Li4vS0tKPj4+3t7fOtJm2urztpmKGqsTarYFcmsnTjZzkaYXOl6Kqtr7lqnHEqrD1olLMmqW+t7jWsIzGt6hrnsbQk6Gis7/IoavgbIfhcoprlcHYaom+oH2Elq50kLzV1dWHh4fDuK2Xr8GZsMDHtqatsLrglH/sfm60pLHKqqDWnJHJcJDtgWzoknG8dJaLqr/0lVqeo7jlbX7owswW4TTQAAACXklEQVRIx+3V52/iMBgH4DcsBwfCCCkhQICMS4G0AQKUXqFpumh7Pa57l9t7//9fzlRHWeXbCemkvpEs+ZWtR/rZVqAKj/WvK7u+v7m/np2RdpjokG9pNthRIrF0dJjYfDWLGM/ed76dAWx31v923NS0tWXvRCtD90bTN9Sy1Ona3u6Hp1939+Cw04/SRU9bizwTLTbUG9OtoRZGU7Hn5xefEz9/Nz9tJt4ONDOGky7Q52AuCbStYRvKOmZcyENjKjWqPYnFdZSiQbd9vhCkyMyDUBQzBbC7WmhMe7Gyk92+vrm9ud7ODjRKLQZoiKmgakBTRcULdKboZlDVXMtERzWvMU915xhgknwag2auRaook2/JlhqKi+EJ7QR+5NqX7XYNBtq8wtIZYFQoUxAtc2ELsORIYbS4AGpgLEnZqetqHpKOIGLVKwnSIqIKrKkVIm6FG09y9+Jj4/Z789fy8rOBlsddd7enBYlGDt0Cyw+CiDwcmGOaDRC808ix+lRysIKFtG4g4IKIe/JK7qycf7kicW7l3txrQS9fYomWAptoqZ6mu8HEvVsyrmkIomxPCxLNwQVgSZKpkkT7I6HJa3Jw0rxq7h3AVu71veaPMfkkNlmc1PuaEs/HOYSJZo9qOo5pRl8D0aI0DRkeBnedhzSAd5fHpxunjfskw0Xg5YV5w9+qiBUeigrASxD5esXgVgGM1shmg68srDkyT7aAfxUUXuFXuTovSxWQSg++gq3c8nE7VxvqcOE6iA6kRRD6LSecfvgNObIwPBOFu/3y1De3UWvkGrWNx9/T/1B/AFudUABdgF9sAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

`Download Python source code: plot_robust_vs_empirical_covariance.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_robust_vs_empirical_covariance.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/covariance/plot_robust_vs_empirical_covariance.html

