# Debugging Application Errors

## In Production

Do not run the development server, or enable the built-in debugger, in a
production environment. The debugger allows executing arbitrary Python code
from the browser. Itâ€™s protected by a pin, but that should not be relied on
for security.

Use an error logging tool, such as Sentry, as described in Error Logging
Tools, or enable logging and notifications as described in Logging.

If you have access to the server, you could add some code to start an external
debugger if `request.remote_addr` matches your IP. Some IDE debuggers also
have a remote mode so breakpoints on the server can be interacted with
locally. Only enable a debugger temporarily.

## The Built-In Debugger

The built-in Werkzeug development server provides a debugger which shows an
interactive traceback in the browser when an unhandled error occurs during a
request. This debugger should only be used during development.

![screenshot of debugger in
action](data:image/png;base64,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)

Warning

The debugger allows executing arbitrary Python code from the browser. It is
protected by a pin, but still represents a major security risk. Do not run the
development server or debugger in a production environment.

To enable the debugger, run the development server with the `FLASK_ENV`
environment variable set to `development`. This puts Flask in debug mode,
which changes how it handles some errors, and enables the debugger and
reloader.

BashCMDPowershell

    
    $ export FLASK_ENV=development
    $ flask run
    
    
    > set FLASK_ENV=development
    > flask run
    
    
    > $env:FLASK_ENV = "development"
    > flask run
    
`FLASK_ENV` can only be set as an environment variable. When running from
Python code, passing `debug=True` enables debug mode, which is mostly
equivalent. Debug mode can be controled separately from `FLASK_ENV` with the
`FLASK_DEBUG` environment variable as well.

    
    app.run(debug=True)
    
Development Server and Command Line Interface have more information about
running the debugger, debug mode, and development mode. More information about
the debugger can be found in the Werkzeug documentation.

## External Debuggers

External debuggers, such as those provided by IDEs, can offer a more powerful
debugging experience than the built-in debugger. They can also be used to step
through code during a request before an error is raised, or if no error is
raised. Some even have a remote mode so you can debug code running on another
machine.

When using an external debugger, the app should still be in debug mode, but it
can be useful to disable the built-in debugger and reloader, which can
interfere.

When running from the command line:

BashCMDPowershell

    
    $ export FLASK_ENV=development
    $ flask run --no-debugger --no-reload
    
    
    > set FLASK_ENV=development
    > flask run --no-debugger --no-reload
    
    
    > $env:FLASK_ENV = "development"
    > flask run --no-debugger --no-reload
    
When running from Python:

    
    app.run(debug=True, use_debugger=False, use_reloader=False)
    
Disabling these isnâ€™t required, an external debugger will continue to work
with the following caveats. If the built-in debugger is not disabled, it will
catch unhandled exceptions before the external debugger can. If the reloader
is not disabled, it could cause an unexpected reload if code changes during
debugging.

Â© 2007â€“2021 Pallets  
Licensed under the BSD 3-clause License.  
https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.0.x/debugging/

