# 2.4. Biclustering

Biclustering can be performed with the module `sklearn.cluster.bicluster`.
Biclustering algorithms simultaneously cluster rows and columns of a data
matrix. These clusters of rows and columns are known as biclusters. Each
determines a submatrix of the original data matrix with some desired
properties.

For instance, given a matrix of shape `(10, 10)`, one possible bicluster with
three rows and two columns induces a submatrix of shape `(3, 2)`:

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> data = np.arange(100).reshape(10, 10)
    >>> rows = np.array([0, 2, 3])[:, np.newaxis]
    >>> columns = np.array([1, 2])
    >>> data[rows, columns]
    array([[ 1,  2],
           [21, 22],
           [31, 32]])
    
For visualization purposes, given a bicluster, the rows and columns of the
data matrix may be rearranged to make the bicluster contiguous.

Algorithms differ in how they define biclusters. Some of the common types
include:

  * constant values, constant rows, or constant columns
  * unusually high or low values
  * submatrices with low variance
  * correlated rows or columns

Algorithms also differ in how rows and columns may be assigned to biclusters,
which leads to different bicluster structures. Block diagonal or checkerboard
structures occur when rows and columns are divided into partitions.

If each row and each column belongs to exactly one bicluster, then rearranging
the rows and columns of the data matrix reveals the biclusters on the
diagonal. Here is an example of this structure where biclusters have higher
average values than the other rows and columns:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_spectral_coclustering_0031.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

An example of biclusters formed by partitioning rows and columns.

In the checkerboard case, each row belongs to all column clusters, and each
column belongs to all row clusters. Here is an example of this structure where
the variance of the values within each bicluster is small:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_spectral_biclustering_0031.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

An example of checkerboard biclusters.

After fitting a model, row and column cluster membership can be found in the
`rows_` and `columns_` attributes. `rows_[i]` is a binary vector with nonzero
entries corresponding to rows that belong to bicluster `i`. Similarly,
`columns_[i]` indicates which columns belong to bicluster `i`.

Some models also have `row_labels_` and `column_labels_` attributes. These
models partition the rows and columns, such as in the block diagonal and
checkerboard bicluster structures.

Note

Biclustering has many other names in different fields including co-clustering,
two-mode clustering, two-way clustering, block clustering, coupled two-way
clustering, etc. The names of some algorithms, such as the Spectral Co-
Clustering algorithm, reflect these alternate names.

##  2.4.1. Spectral Co-Clustering

The `SpectralCoclustering` algorithm finds biclusters with values higher than
those in the corresponding other rows and columns. Each row and each column
belongs to exactly one bicluster, so rearranging the rows and columns to make
partitions contiguous reveals these high values along the diagonal:

Note

The algorithm treats the input data matrix as a bipartite graph: the rows and
columns of the matrix correspond to the two sets of vertices, and each entry
corresponds to an edge between a row and a column. The algorithm approximates
the normalized cut of this graph to find heavy subgraphs.

###  2.4.1.1. Mathematical formulation

An approximate solution to the optimal normalized cut may be found via the
generalized eigenvalue decomposition of the Laplacian of the graph. Usually
this would mean working directly with the Laplacian matrix. If the original
data matrix \\(A\\) has shape \\(m \times n\\), the Laplacian matrix for the
corresponding bipartite graph has shape \\((m + n) \times (m + n)\\). However,
in this case it is possible to work directly with \\(A\\), which is smaller
and more efficient.

The input matrix \\(A\\) is preprocessed as follows:

\\[A_n = R^{-1/2} A C^{-1/2}\\]

Where \\(R\\) is the diagonal matrix with entry \\(i\\) equal to \\(\sum_{j}
A_{ij}\\) and \\(C\\) is the diagonal matrix with entry \\(j\\) equal to
\\(\sum_{i} A_{ij}\\).

The singular value decomposition, \\(A_n = U \Sigma V^\top\\), provides the
partitions of the rows and columns of \\(A\\). A subset of the left singular
vectors gives the row partitions, and a subset of the right singular vectors
gives the column partitions.

The \\(\ell = \lceil \log_2 k \rceil\\) singular vectors, starting from the
second, provide the desired partitioning information. They are used to form
the matrix \\(Z\\):

\\[\begin{split}Z = \begin{bmatrix} R^{-1/2} U \\\\\\\ C^{-1/2} V
\end{bmatrix}\end{split}\\]

where the columns of \\(U\\) are \\(u_2, \dots, u_{\ell + 1}\\), and similarly
for \\(V\\).

Then the rows of \\(Z\\) are clustered using k-means. The first `n_rows`
labels provide the row partitioning, and the remaining `n_columns` labels
provide the column partitioning.

Examples:

  * A demo of the Spectral Co-Clustering algorithm: A simple example showing how to generate a data matrix with biclusters and apply this method to it.
  * Biclustering documents with the Spectral Co-clustering algorithm: An example of finding biclusters in the twenty newsgroup dataset.

References:

  * Dhillon, Inderjit S, 2001. Co-clustering documents and words using bipartite spectral graph partitioning.

##  2.4.2. Spectral Biclustering

The `SpectralBiclustering` algorithm assumes that the input data matrix has a
hidden checkerboard structure. The rows and columns of a matrix with this
structure may be partitioned so that the entries of any bicluster in the
Cartesian product of row clusters and column clusters are approximately
constant. For instance, if there are two row partitions and three column
partitions, each row will belong to three biclusters, and each column will
belong to two biclusters.

The algorithm partitions the rows and columns of a matrix so that a
corresponding blockwise-constant checkerboard matrix provides a good
approximation to the original matrix.

###  2.4.2.1. Mathematical formulation

The input matrix \\(A\\) is first normalized to make the checkerboard pattern
more obvious. There are three possible methods:

  1. Independent row and column normalization, as in Spectral Co-Clustering. This method makes the rows sum to a constant and the columns sum to a different constant.
  2. Bistochastization: repeated row and column normalization until convergence. This method makes both rows and columns sum to the same constant.
  3. Log normalization: the log of the data matrix is computed: \\(L = \log A\\). Then the column mean \\(\overline{L_{i \cdot}}\\), row mean \\(\overline{L_{\cdot j}}\\), and overall mean \\(\overline{L_{\cdot \cdot}}\\) of \\(L\\) are computed. The final matrix is computed according to the formula

\\[K_{ij} = L_{ij} - \overline{L_{i \cdot}} - \overline{L_{\cdot j}} +
\overline{L_{\cdot \cdot}}\\]

After normalizing, the first few singular vectors are computed, just as in the
Spectral Co-Clustering algorithm.

If log normalization was used, all the singular vectors are meaningful.
However, if independent normalization or bistochastization were used, the
first singular vectors, \\(u_1\\) and \\(v_1\\). are discarded. From now on,
the “first” singular vectors refers to \\(u_2 \dots u_{p+1}\\) and \\(v_2
\dots v_{p+1}\\) except in the case of log normalization.

Given these singular vectors, they are ranked according to which can be best
approximated by a piecewise-constant vector. The approximations for each
vector are found using one-dimensional k-means and scored using the Euclidean
distance. Some subset of the best left and right singular vector are selected.
Next, the data is projected to this best subset of singular vectors and
clustered.

For instance, if \\(p\\) singular vectors were calculated, the \\(q\\) best
are found as described, where \\(q<p\\). Let \\(U\\) be the matrix with
columns the \\(q\\) best left singular vectors, and similarly \\(V\\) for the
right. To partition the rows, the rows of \\(A\\) are projected to a \\(q\\)
dimensional space: \\(A * V\\). Treating the \\(m\\) rows of this \\(m \times
q\\) matrix as samples and clustering using k-means yields the row labels.
Similarly, projecting the columns to \\(A^{\top} * U\\) and clustering this
\\(n \times q\\) matrix yields the column labels.

Examples:

  * A demo of the Spectral Biclustering algorithm: a simple example showing how to generate a checkerboard matrix and bicluster it.

References:

  * Kluger, Yuval, et. al., 2003. Spectral biclustering of microarray data: coclustering genes and conditions.

##  2.4.3. Biclustering evaluation

There are two ways of evaluating a biclustering result: internal and external.
Internal measures, such as cluster stability, rely only on the data and the
result themselves. Currently there are no internal bicluster measures in
scikit-learn. External measures refer to an external source of information,
such as the true solution. When working with real data the true solution is
usually unknown, but biclustering artificial data may be useful for evaluating
algorithms precisely because the true solution is known.

To compare a set of found biclusters to the set of true biclusters, two
similarity measures are needed: a similarity measure for individual
biclusters, and a way to combine these individual similarities into an overall
score.

To compare individual biclusters, several measures have been used. For now,
only the Jaccard index is implemented:

\\[J(A, B) = \frac{|A \cap B|}{|A| + |B| - |A \cap B|}\\]

where \\(A\\) and \\(B\\) are biclusters, \\(|A \cap B|\\) is the number of
elements in their intersection. The Jaccard index achieves its minimum of 0
when the biclusters to not overlap at all and its maximum of 1 when they are
identical.

Several methods have been developed to compare two sets of biclusters. For
now, only `consensus_score` (Hochreiter et. al., 2010) is available:

  1. Compute bicluster similarities for pairs of biclusters, one in each set, using the Jaccard index or a similar measure.
  2. Assign biclusters from one set to another in a one-to-one fashion to maximize the sum of their similarities. This step is performed using the Hungarian algorithm.
  3. The final sum of similarities is divided by the size of the larger set.

The minimum consensus score, 0, occurs when all pairs of biclusters are
totally dissimilar. The maximum score, 1, occurs when both sets are identical.

References:

  * Hochreiter, Bodenhofer, et. al., 2010. FABIA: factor analysis for bicluster acquisition.

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/biclustering.html

