# 2.6. Covariance estimation

Many statistical problems require the estimation of a population’s covariance
matrix, which can be seen as an estimation of data set scatter plot shape.
Most of the time, such an estimation has to be done on a sample whose
properties (size, structure, homogeneity) have a large influence on the
estimation’s quality. The `sklearn.covariance` package provides tools for
accurately estimating a population’s covariance matrix under various settings.

We assume that the observations are independent and identically distributed
(i.i.d.).

##  2.6.1. Empirical covariance

The covariance matrix of a data set is known to be well approximated by the
classical maximum likelihood estimator (or “empirical covariance”), provided
the number of observations is large enough compared to the number of features
(the variables describing the observations). More precisely, the Maximum
Likelihood Estimator of a sample is an asymptotically unbiased estimator of
the corresponding population’s covariance matrix.

The empirical covariance matrix of a sample can be computed using the
`empirical_covariance` function of the package, or by fitting an
`EmpiricalCovariance` object to the data sample with the
`EmpiricalCovariance.fit` method. Be careful that results depend on whether
the data are centered, so one may want to use the `assume_centered` parameter
accurately. More precisely, if `assume_centered=False`, then the test set is
supposed to have the same mean vector as the training set. If not, both should
be centered by the user, and `assume_centered=True` should be used.

Examples:

  * See Shrinkage covariance estimation: LedoitWolf vs OAS and max-likelihood for an example on how to fit an `EmpiricalCovariance` object to data.

##  2.6.2. Shrunk Covariance

###  2.6.2.1. Basic shrinkage

Despite being an asymptotically unbiased estimator of the covariance matrix,
the Maximum Likelihood Estimator is not a good estimator of the eigenvalues of
the covariance matrix, so the precision matrix obtained from its inversion is
not accurate. Sometimes, it even occurs that the empirical covariance matrix
cannot be inverted for numerical reasons. To avoid such an inversion problem,
a transformation of the empirical covariance matrix has been introduced: the
`shrinkage`.

In scikit-learn, this transformation (with a user-defined shrinkage
coefficient) can be directly applied to a pre-computed covariance with the
`shrunk_covariance` method. Also, a shrunk estimator of the covariance can be
fitted to data with a `ShrunkCovariance` object and its `ShrunkCovariance.fit`
method. Again, results depend on whether the data are centered, so one may
want to use the `assume_centered` parameter accurately.

Mathematically, this shrinkage consists in reducing the ratio between the
smallest and the largest eigenvalues of the empirical covariance matrix. It
can be done by simply shifting every eigenvalue according to a given offset,
which is equivalent of finding the l2-penalized Maximum Likelihood Estimator
of the covariance matrix. In practice, shrinkage boils down to a simple a
convex transformation : \\(\Sigma_{\rm shrunk} = (1-\alpha)\hat{\Sigma} +
\alpha\frac{{\rm Tr}\hat{\Sigma}}{p}\rm Id\\).

Choosing the amount of shrinkage, \\(\alpha\\) amounts to setting a
bias/variance trade-off, and is discussed below.

Examples:

  * See Shrinkage covariance estimation: LedoitWolf vs OAS and max-likelihood for an example on how to fit a `ShrunkCovariance` object to data.

###  2.6.2.2. Ledoit-Wolf shrinkage

In their 2004 paper 1, O. Ledoit and M. Wolf propose a formula to compute the
optimal shrinkage coefficient \\(\alpha\\) that minimizes the Mean Squared
Error between the estimated and the real covariance matrix.

The Ledoit-Wolf estimator of the covariance matrix can be computed on a sample
with the `ledoit_wolf` function of the `sklearn.covariance` package, or it can
be otherwise obtained by fitting a `LedoitWolf` object to the same sample.

Note

Case when population covariance matrix is isotropic

It is important to note that when the number of samples is much larger than
the number of features, one would expect that no shrinkage would be necessary.
The intuition behind this is that if the population covariance is full rank,
when the number of sample grows, the sample covariance will also become
positive definite. As a result, no shrinkage would necessary and the method
should automatically do this.

This, however, is not the case in the Ledoit-Wolf procedure when the
population covariance happens to be a multiple of the identity matrix. In this
case, the Ledoit-Wolf shrinkage estimate approaches 1 as the number of samples
increases. This indicates that the optimal estimate of the covariance matrix
in the Ledoit-Wolf sense is multiple of the identity. Since the population
covariance is already a multiple of the identity matrix, the Ledoit-Wolf
solution is indeed a reasonable estimate.

Examples:

  * See Shrinkage covariance estimation: LedoitWolf vs OAS and max-likelihood for an example on how to fit a `LedoitWolf` object to data and for visualizing the performances of the Ledoit-Wolf estimator in terms of likelihood.

References:

`1`

    
O. Ledoit and M. Wolf, “A Well-Conditioned Estimator for Large-Dimensional
Covariance Matrices”, Journal of Multivariate Analysis, Volume 88, Issue 2,
February 2004, pages 365-411.

###  2.6.2.3. Oracle Approximating Shrinkage

Under the assumption that the data are Gaussian distributed, Chen et al. 2
derived a formula aimed at choosing a shrinkage coefficient that yields a
smaller Mean Squared Error than the one given by Ledoit and Wolf’s formula.
The resulting estimator is known as the Oracle Shrinkage Approximating
estimator of the covariance.

The OAS estimator of the covariance matrix can be computed on a sample with
the `oas` function of the `sklearn.covariance` package, or it can be otherwise
obtained by fitting an `OAS` object to the same sample.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_covariance_estimation_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bias-variance trade-off when setting the shrinkage: comparing the choices of
Ledoit-Wolf and OAS estimators

References:

`2`

    
Chen et al., “Shrinkage Algorithms for MMSE Covariance Estimation”, IEEE
Trans. on Sign. Proc., Volume 58, Issue 10, October 2010.

Examples:

  * See Shrinkage covariance estimation: LedoitWolf vs OAS and max-likelihood for an example on how to fit an `OAS` object to data.
  * See Ledoit-Wolf vs OAS estimation to visualize the Mean Squared Error difference between a `LedoitWolf` and an `OAS` estimator of the covariance.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_lw_vs_oas_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

##  2.6.3. Sparse inverse covariance

The matrix inverse of the covariance matrix, often called the precision
matrix, is proportional to the partial correlation matrix. It gives the
partial independence relationship. In other words, if two features are
independent conditionally on the others, the corresponding coefficient in the
precision matrix will be zero. This is why it makes sense to estimate a sparse
precision matrix: the estimation of the covariance matrix is better
conditioned by learning independence relations from the data. This is known as
covariance selection.

In the small-samples situation, in which `n_samples` is on the order of
`n_features` or smaller, sparse inverse covariance estimators tend to work
better than shrunk covariance estimators. However, in the opposite situation,
or for very correlated data, they can be numerically unstable. In addition,
unlike shrinkage estimators, sparse estimators are able to recover off-
diagonal structure.

The `GraphicalLasso` estimator uses an l1 penalty to enforce sparsity on the
precision matrix: the higher its `alpha` parameter, the more sparse the
precision matrix. The corresponding `GraphicalLassoCV` object uses cross-
validation to automatically set the `alpha` parameter.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_sparse_cov_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

A comparison of maximum likelihood, shrinkage and sparse estimates of the
covariance and precision matrix in the very small samples settings.

Note

Structure recovery

Recovering a graphical structure from correlations in the data is a
challenging thing. If you are interested in such recovery keep in mind that:

  * Recovery is easier from a correlation matrix than a covariance matrix: standardize your observations before running `GraphicalLasso`
  * If the underlying graph has nodes with much more connections than the average node, the algorithm will miss some of these connections.
  * If your number of observations is not large compared to the number of edges in your underlying graph, you will not recover it.
  * Even if you are in favorable recovery conditions, the alpha parameter chosen by cross-validation (e.g. using the `GraphicalLassoCV` object) will lead to selecting too many edges. However, the relevant edges will have heavier weights than the irrelevant ones.

The mathematical formulation is the following:

\\[\hat{K} = \mathrm{argmin}_K \big( \mathrm{tr} S K - \mathrm{log}
\mathrm{det} K + \alpha \|K\|_1 \big)\\]

Where \\(K\\) is the precision matrix to be estimated, and \\(S\\) is the
sample covariance matrix. \\(\|K\|_1\\) is the sum of the absolute values of
off-diagonal coefficients of \\(K\\). The algorithm employed to solve this
problem is the GLasso algorithm, from the Friedman 2008 Biostatistics paper.
It is the same algorithm as in the R `glasso` package.

Examples:

  * Sparse inverse covariance estimation: example on synthetic data showing some recovery of a structure, and comparing to other covariance estimators.
  * Visualizing the stock market structure: example on real stock market data, finding which symbols are most linked.

References:

  * Friedman et al, “Sparse inverse covariance estimation with the graphical lasso”, Biostatistics 9, pp 432, 2008

##  2.6.4. Robust Covariance Estimation

Real data sets are often subject to measurement or recording errors. Regular
but uncommon observations may also appear for a variety of reasons.
Observations which are very uncommon are called outliers. The empirical
covariance estimator and the shrunk covariance estimators presented above are
very sensitive to the presence of outliers in the data. Therefore, one should
use robust covariance estimators to estimate the covariance of its real data
sets. Alternatively, robust covariance estimators can be used to perform
outlier detection and discard/downweight some observations according to
further processing of the data.

The `sklearn.covariance` package implements a robust estimator of covariance,
the Minimum Covariance Determinant 3.

###  2.6.4.1. Minimum Covariance Determinant

The Minimum Covariance Determinant estimator is a robust estimator of a data
set’s covariance introduced by P.J. Rousseeuw in 3. The idea is to find a
given proportion (h) of “good” observations which are not outliers and compute
their empirical covariance matrix. This empirical covariance matrix is then
rescaled to compensate the performed selection of observations (“consistency
step”). Having computed the Minimum Covariance Determinant estimator, one can
give weights to observations according to their Mahalanobis distance, leading
to a reweighted estimate of the covariance matrix of the data set
(“reweighting step”).

Rousseeuw and Van Driessen 4 developed the FastMCD algorithm in order to
compute the Minimum Covariance Determinant. This algorithm is used in scikit-
learn when fitting an MCD object to data. The FastMCD algorithm also computes
a robust estimate of the data set location at the same time.

Raw estimates can be accessed as `raw_location_` and `raw_covariance_`
attributes of a `MinCovDet` robust covariance estimator object.

References:

`3(1,2)`

    
P. J. Rousseeuw. Least median of squares regression. J. Am Stat Ass, 79:871,
1984.

`4`

    
A Fast Algorithm for the Minimum Covariance Determinant Estimator, 1999,
American Statistical Association and the American Society for Quality,
TECHNOMETRICS.

Examples:

  * See Robust vs Empirical covariance estimate for an example on how to fit a `MinCovDet` object to data and see how the estimate remains accurate despite the presence of outliers.
  * See Robust covariance estimation and Mahalanobis distances relevance to visualize the difference between `EmpiricalCovariance` and `MinCovDet` covariance estimators in terms of Mahalanobis distance (so we get a better estimate of the precision matrix too).

Influence of outliers on location and covariance estimates | Separating inliers from outliers using a Mahalanobis distance  
---|---  
![robust_vs_emp](data:image/png;base64,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) | ![mahalanobis](data:image/png;base64,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)  
© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/covariance.html

