# 2.5. Decomposing signals in components (matrix factorization problems)

##  2.5.1. Principal component analysis (PCA)

###  2.5.1.1. Exact PCA and probabilistic interpretation

PCA is used to decompose a multivariate dataset in a set of successive
orthogonal components that explain a maximum amount of the variance. In
scikit-learn, `PCA` is implemented as a transformer object that learns \\(n\\)
components in its `fit` method, and can be used on new data to project it on
these components.

PCA centers but does not scale the input data for each feature before applying
the SVD. The optional parameter `whiten=True` makes it possible to project the
data onto the singular space while scaling each component to unit variance.
This is often useful if the models down-stream make strong assumptions on the
isotropy of the signal: this is for example the case for Support Vector
Machines with the RBF kernel and the K-Means clustering algorithm.

Below is an example of the iris dataset, which is comprised of 4 features,
projected on the 2 dimensions that explain most variance:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_pca_vs_lda_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The `PCA` object also provides a probabilistic interpretation of the PCA that
can give a likelihood of data based on the amount of variance it explains. As
such it implements a score method that can be used in cross-validation:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_pca_vs_fa_model_selection_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX////ugu7/pQAAAP/W1tb++v7//PXx8fEAAAD4+Pj/AADe2d7//v8AgAD0+fQHBwefn58DAwMPDw8LCwv19f8/Pz9eXl/n5+ceHh7/9PT/y8suLi1PT0+vr6/9/f3MzP///fzR0NHc3Nxvb29/f38pKCmPj5D7+/vv7++/v7/T09P19fXk5OT+/f9qaWk6OjoTExP/+/rg4OAZGRllZWX6+v82NjYxMTFGRkZtbW3t7ez/BASXl5gICP8REf/FxcWMjIz29vdCQkKtra2IiIhaWlpUVFR2dnb/3Nz/CAkWFhbe3t68vLyGhv8kJCS2trYgICCysrLz9PObm5vLy8v/NDRJSEj/SUni4uLr6+v/Pj//1tba2f//4uKEhISSkv6cnP96enr/U1N9ff+np6f/5+jU1P+kpKRLS0zq6v/g4P/Hx8fPz88mJv//aGjQ0P8cHP//Dg5kZP//FRXa2dnu7v//8+47O///XV7Dw8Py8v9OTv//0NBZWf+qqqr/xMP/7OxsbP+UlJT/KChzc3NhYWGlpf/Kysrm5f//Hh8yMv90dP//9/f75PsYGBitrf//g4Ph3eL/u7z/e3v/tLT/lpb/nZ21tf//rKz/kZH/pKX/cnJERP//iovBwcG5ubkzAg7Gxv//4arBwf7/rBTvjO/51fn/tCr/uz/wlvD1ztjyofL6zND99f28vP+CgoInAQf/6L//79Tzq/P/wlT/2ZT/0X/3yvf2wPb/ymoWAAH1tvXu0OEZBN8iSRvk4eTnARUMaQs8Bxfz2+j22uDx9PCAgIDbCCfp2O705PD0Bgs5ISQ+DR0NBvHQDzvbvb45Bcp1PcfeM09ISFvXQ2v27PX69fquFWXQze2iosK/t+1fV+89GCM+FCF8AIOGAXngeuDxmwCSAGy5udYdHvaDKKOxYrTtSFHJaaB0B5FtAJFxcY7Qz+LSp6e+i8zDewC7fPU4LO20OpTea3Hej6JYAahBQfeSXcp9fYLQhLPdn8H3Hx9wcHXGovnGhL3W+vWu8JP1AAAgAElEQVR42uydeVAUVx7HHzyOxwBpZkaElQVBQUBpDgcHIocIC+gEkQE0aDTqOllQ8Ap4RvGIGsVERI0mqwETc1bWYE6jKWtNqnZTZZV7Var2D/9JtrZ2/9mqPbL5c6v2ve6G6XFmxGOmIeP3U0XPzI+m36P7wzv6/WYgBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEKZBNaqPHYkB/CQT/iMH0gQ2ydYgtd3GPuZvi5jHAdAwAcSMCtRbGM6l/kQ0DLXW8BlnTG4PhAw0AL6glWbD3oLCB45AefXN5lt+Tn8WXKHs0TKcpKELKtd2cFpl6zV80S7VJwsFRY08GeLqy1S1tP8SWuHRSrpFXt1Fki2+hYhoKv0uJRV38xj0+pskqO6iyQzTrLWBUfUOqTkySMtHMsvlmaP1GW0JEXkrg6HZOtoI0Q+kCJZ6qbhioWcgJ3ZAiGgXGrOHKqylnAvkpNTXIvt5syCmtRGx3xC2llpam+JtJOQUkdLbmqmi5AWluhqKM8nJFdK7B06JLyKsGa5nKXJQpzhGYtzy5uqRcPX2D5YczCXdDWVdHZ2qQJmWJvKG9rrokcFTLJO1gR0lyQEbC609w725kcQUmw+OOTKciThkoWagBpcwCFlLtDLWriAUh7XhNlmEZLKnCTNlpJGSLOjgBDrdPUHmy0Fsta1lmSLJtSWRuok7kd2ltYFy9mDLIPMZTM8umBFwGqLx0CQ5ZM15gxFQF1JQsBWlqru0smq+LZNqsclCzUB21sFBVzAeia0kK11XMACMV9gtXzbww6QCHWamm+exd0Z7hTCDTGXeoRprEo0oeUsgjg6RCBTCDit1iG0dhG50VbVleYp4CxzMblDwOjCpYqAupKEgDmWrPIIEVjDkkQpdjsuWeiOAQ+ZlaeN1WIMqIkhjKkiO1m7eD3M8siy6cnMOjmJd5WD6hF2jrShg0T1qlx0nbamlsHWGtHazT7kYIWPR+sFzGPDdwpIZrBcURddScoYcGadhdkys0mxVkgTLlnoCjjSAtZ6CahrlzizD1hL3S1gD1ujtKGt0boW0Mly+bMG7Z5fz7BQ0y3gfO8WkMQ02X20gKI+GdN5rJ7tVAqZiUsWugIOKcM1dQzoKWCarUTWRmYKP3XwMWCiNgZs7Bg5mHsM6GSd4vXoTecSu/rldwwoZh9LlTHgaEnu2zmWOt4y9uJihbqAfBb82wZtFuwpILejw9lr53PTnJIqZ26VVCtmwdWu3BZlFlzqGkx9mo8cZ0ojs+C5lpQaZ20jly0j8cDihjXmNYRMllwvzBydBbfkumqj9QLKJUydBWslKQI6l5Y3DOWLP4lia70ztz2/HJcspO8DJo/eB/QUkKRqd+di8lMsUlam6IoXJ1qtWaLDzKhzmI9XCzXm2aXj6n3AeQVWR3EXly3pUJbVmjKDz1tml1rd9wHrCqXkQzF6AXkDrNQlVX8fsKe2UbLYlXY0wW6VGifjVjUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAB4ktaWEw0eHXLa0iaWgG0MPFq0TSwBc1jbOP0tZjCWgRbJaNpYzsQSMJpFj1PJsYzFYgj06FxvCAggoJ68r77KgxAQcNwq9Fh8/GMQAgJCQAj4aFao+csvmyEEBMQkBAJCQAABISAEhIAAAkJACAgBAQSEgBAwpCsUN3Dhwq8hBAQctwqtjo9fBSEg4LhV6HZ8/K1FMAICjlOF5L9yAekxGU5AwHFh03XG1lL6LAyEgOPCIi5g7GpK98yBFRBwHDgvBCSHK+j5SdACAhrOpApFQHK2gm7fCi8goNF8QFUBycVK2rcOYkBAgzlGb2srIZsq6Yb1MAMCGksfXTWyFLdiM928AmpAQCM5Quk/Rpfi1m+glVPhBgQ0Dvkw7dO9KWldH628CDkgoHHsoWv174rbup1WnIUdENCwFrCSXvR4W+ak5yg9DD0goEFsohVzYs1mXT7gnD2UroYfENAYFtHn7kxIlfdTiuQYCGgM5+kqr4xoeS1FcgwENIRJFXSFj5T8RUiOgYCGcJZuln29JwTJMRDQEI7RZ32/KakfyTEQ0AA20H4/74pDcgwEDD5HKOWSDVy4MOD9vdeRHAMBg81q2kf8fj7gps1IjoGAwWUPXetfQCTHQMAgI9bh7iIgOYLkGAgYTKbSCnGvJfbaNT8fzYHkGAgYTMQ6HLnrZ8PsQnIMBAweYh3u7gIiOQYCBg9lHW4MAZXkGHxyDAQMBso6HOf3jH3/lP+ZikiOwcIwBAw8+8U6HOd7xm6YlpxY4M9AJMdAwKCgrMNxvmbsT2Umk2nJa74dlFchOQYCBh51HY6QKTcuXx7Yd+ZJ1cGVvnZFcgwEDDyr6Xbl8dxN9Ub0vpeXcwVNy199xntfJMdAwICjrsORuKM3R1dCntEcfNnLwQ+QHAMBA4tcSV8X/k0x3dQvxa18dYnq4D7P3UVyzBFoAwEDxlRaqQzrzpn+fu2aRzrWyteEg2VPnvFwEMkxEDCgaOtw6UdN//W+Eb1gxMFt7phIjvkFxIGAAUJbh9tr2tLjcyVkwYnnFQd/+ZPRaTOSYyBgwNilrcNtNO3wuxT3lOLgwp+POLiuj1YgOQYCBgRtHS6923T6bmvBu0+pDr6iOLjrPJJjIGBg0NbhTpq2FN39X3XF7T51VDi445UXkRwDAQOGtg7He+Cx/1dc3JRzwsEtO04XITkGAgaE9eo6XFG36SQZuHx5YKz93Q4iOQYCBgBtHe6kqbvI/3tCPEnfu7GbO9j9zR+QHAMBHxZtHW6jaSO5VwHdDt74yx+zYRAEfAi0dTilB74PAcWPnFQc/PpXUCjkBMyJdMP7ODkykocjIx8wGukvygPyVFp5ib84vfAof4hVxoAjx/Ha1ytadPKbG2WmUy/ew76yv6is1S+gv/IDnAh/UTnAUe8TkTPxBPw2zM3bhLwd9j4Pv6ULhl0h5KWw93j0PX30cxF9i0ff10e/IORSWBiPfqyPfswDYWGXFtF/6aN/ixUFvUTI5/qoWhCPXtFH1YL+YzLt0EfVgpT66blEyBdq/fQoBan184xe0epn3IkQ9dOhFnQ/J0Kp34OciG9/nALKgTnv2x9WwP/9cGO5r/MuGyWgPMEFlH+EAhrXBe+idMVoDxwZK0mx993HnL3+54ULl+wOYBcciS44KOQyhRcIUR7LtXDM44XWjrZxGpSepRvEww7TOfEw5o1on/TTH26ayk4UYToxwSchMUmc4iZuP0vgz+Zr4XxbQ1d1Sra+QnOj3KQTkh4VxcNRUWNGi/xF47yjamA/3V8UFbVtS9leEeqRxKfkK0cv8t5XLdNHtP/W9d+VlS2Zcrd948Qhi+6MpmvRuHv45YJ7IuL8/cr3cyLuJep9IuYa2QVnO4b5lqW6IzlmFyF55iG9gN+Fu3mDkDfC3+XhN3XB8E8J+TD8HR59Rx/9jJCPwt/k0Xf10auEbAsP59FP9NFPeCA8/N+0/6o++s9YUdBHhHymj6oFfUjIp/qoWpBSPz1KQUr99Gwj5KpaPz1KQWr9dCgFqfUz7EQo9dOhFmTIifjOSAFrzKKzZbZCe3maGmlgOXybkjk+At6iWz0FHICAIS3g0qViOzyvq8o6rEbaJbEtLda66ejo6DbjumCxDlcUtU/rgaN+o9yIfpCep//WrdtnussWntjmf190wb5PRJC74Eym0cpftJlrRuJVFr2A1cX6vQ37i1DX4f7P3r39xHGdAQD/pOPK+HSkNSwOhpXNmtZ3r23abjBeL7Hj2mYx2MY2xtyMuwgiaMBcwsWADZgYm4sEwtwxSize4S+IQyJFlpzUcqKqeWjSSJHaNHmo1KpS1T51ztkFdmEvszCze2bO+R64zM5sjjM/zrfffHOZwf0S/TWiToh/a24YoXtlhRgXlIiqgq0ipGiLN0jRsZizUmzcjUsKkII9M2C0AHr7cG78BDYJkNTCqPFnEw3YNWcVplhtxdmuvL/y8wPTNm8Rch8gyb8IidaAntHr4ZJduNPzu5LTsUIKtIlJkGmAuXFbyLf8a4fSriVkysXv3kcAR3euOwwTrQF5roebwb2eDLzB44DL0UcESmISZBjguWP02+UMs9myTyZ3Me4gwJnM46YYHYhupU/DLFzOwJsE6BEIZBIszhauWATI2IDaEaoBaHHgEnUAegXSSXBaTIICYPhPbaQPN4F7QSWAXoFQViwmQQEwfPSgHpqBR1QDuCxQGneJSVAADBf0erju1QysAsBlgZAtJkEBMEzUINROMnDBypLgzwlRHLZlgVYyCY6LSVAADBqe6+F8MvCmDkT7zoE99Fo5MQkKgCGjA+UBVGKcrS5Achtfj0DrtAs3jEuCmAAYKOy0Dzfuk4FVArgqkE6ChWXCmAAYIJ6hLFlJMZ5bXRT4ecGbEUgnwQkxCQqA66MC3aMZ2GeCUqEKXisQSsQkKAAGDNqHm/bNwOoB9BVonROToAC4PpppH64YT2sCkAhcuW9MSYGYBAXAtUH7cGV+GVhNgDZfgWISFADXBe3DzeFi0Aag/xzomQQrBTYBcCVq0SRAAR7XDCCU+wpMn3PghhkxCQqA3iglfbhsjP1mpZ/Hx6sI0F+gmAQFQJ+QaB9uTQZW60B0EIHpIw7cJCZBAZAG7cOtycCqAyQCK3zuodopT4JuMQkKgLQPlypnYEe3tgDXCvRMglaBjnuAtA83ggv9l3784Ycfg6YC6SRYMCrU8Q6Q9uF68YT/UnWrYBq2tQLTRxrkYqRTuOMbIOnDlazNwFoA9MyBfgsq6xwYt4nOCM8AaR9uXQbWBKBkWycQst0Yu560CHvcAiR9OKkXz0QBoEwwb51A6CrGuGla3NOSV4CNqAc6saMlKgDJHRjIQR9/lWO9GPdPiaOCfAIkfbgn2A1RAhhIIKSPN8kFcZcAyCHAUuRsD5CBtQMYUCAk04K4RADkDmA5apUzsCt57XL1D0SHFugpiOvKBEDOBkT6cAEysJYAgwiEElEQ8weQ9OGkfjwVVYDBBIqCmD+ApA+XEiADa9GKWw1bMIHSFN8FMX8ASR9uNkAG1rAI8f53AwvkvCDmD2Arum0NlIG1BkgElgd+JXnExW1BzB1A0ofrwg1D0QcYQqC3IK4UAI0/INKHm8VtEAOAthACuS2IuQPYiHqsTXgsFgBDC/QUxOPpAqChB2SrR5NyBk6PCUAqMC/oq7Qg7uWsIOYNYClyJtYFzMDRABhGII8FMW8Ay9HT9CYc8Kz4q598clXzfx45Huh3jvTagviJXBC7SwRAow6oA+WN4qaAH7Q07YSsRhiBvBXEnAG0O1FqHa6DGAKU/K8XDloQJwuABhzQPMoKloHhyKefHoEoCewJKRC6CrgpiDkDWIHujQXJwFEpQjxx23svfRAFMW8AW9HttiAZOIoAFQjkpiDmCyDpwzXgrpgDJE9zuGcPsw4fBTFfAIdR7Rjut8YeoCKBckGMscPgBTFfABvRYBueBQYAwrATdYQVCCWFckE8kiwAGmNApA8XNANHGSBMKhJIC+L+CasAaIQBlSLnVNAMHG2ARODTxPCrSTP9Rr6jEVcAy9FTd9AMHJ1WnG8sKBMIQ3MGvoCTK4AdKM+FU4K9GqVOiE/MywLblazYXeeQq5FuAVDfA7I70b9xv8QOQHiWhVoVCaTVSMPckACo5wHNoyw3fhL05Wi14tYKbFa26iipRox3k2meAFagP7tw8JtDRrsIoZGahQYUCrRO9BuwN8ITwAH0d9wrsQUQ7sgCqxWuS6+ec2cLgPocUDVCP4TIwDECCFX1qFapQE9vZLZFANTjgPrQPx0hMnCsANpKZYGPFa4sSZ2FxrqXB0cAG9G/cC8wBxCACKxRvDa9uaVxztTiB6CtHn2FR1gECDX1qF65QM+ZWsUpAqC+BlSK/uDAJUwChJpaVF8awfot5EwtY9xqnx+A5eivfg9IXxefPX/+Waz+1Y8jFCiVtRnkuhF+AHaEycCx6IT4C6yKaIsUciMF/Z8mww1Au1POwNnMAoTqAZR1J5INJGmqX65GRgVAfQxoHv0YOgND0hdfJEFsBaZGtkn6tP5Pk+EFoK0CvcJzIVeJYRFCozlygdA9q/er2LmZAQc+wriMaYDQ3IqynkW6EXnwV8PIkADI+ICq0U9hMnDsAUJ7K3LOR7wVPWlft48h5gVgn5yBp1kHCIlPkXMh4q2sMzo+TYYXgI1hMzALADcoEIbIU5f0eZoMJwBt9T/hYmAfICR2IOfkBrbznCbTLQAyOqCq8BmYDYBglwUOb2RDnZ60zwnAcjkDhztYEctWnK/AewhtSCCM6vGRN1EDeDCOxiMA+v2UZ+nJzEumnZkHNB9Qx49hM3CMOyH+Avs2tKV1Qn+nyUQN4LYkOX5zxSYD3C7/dMaz9ND5/LTcS+e1HpDd+QqP6wUg2BoRur2xTT03NMrmGODWXVuCv7g/Z1H+GrdrzeL7pv0aA1z4CDvCfkCPcSvOB+AmBAI5Tcaho2fAqrm/zz+AM5fi488GXeFs/E0C8NfH3zy122fxtePLs+TWrVtvagFw8C+4MOxKbBQhHoI9oR4oEiY6i/VEUE2AOXvgnUuHT2UEXeHGDfJ18a13T5sXV5ee3Pk770+/pB8PNQA48ApP6Akg2AY3IZA+8sZRl80dQNNNeOMC/Mrss8hDSo7r8i83VyfH0wmrI3jzxn6NZ8BqJRmYKYBUYB5sjmBbNmcAL92/mpMLe477LCra4g1SdCzmrHzWuxu3/HFr67G3z2hdFfUpycBsAQzxeFeFBAv1QVDN/f0gPsGyGx7sCPZHfeX91VVN25bnvx2HNS/LG1/gGd0BDPtAEWMQVHV/Xz97FSD/bpBXc+NogZx/7VDatYRMgCN7H8n+LGlJSUkaV8GvsaNFfwCJwMHNCIQUmSBuK+EHIGx7b3/wF88do98uZ5jNln3yehfjDi4fnr6oKcCq75RkYPYAQvlmBeqAoJr7+/DD+Pg0yPwtQ38RNPWXK8rAcOD58wPAnMCezQn0EGT4Xvtq7u/MjLvmNMjPYAwgfIkdSq5fZKYT4hMKHigSNjrdhGAnBwB3/h5kgGlmxgAmfod/AJ0CtCl6nIOeCap6HDCNANyTwBjAhRd4Ssl6Sd9+m8TeDpIFDtSAcQmqub93PADzRTh6gjGA/8EvFd1BgL0ihMZkFsoa3vzbkEdw4sIUQwN8y3zU9Iu3zdcZA/g1/gp0DBBqWuVSxK4CwTYWCaq6vw+9sXfvuUPAFsDHS4pqYHYBgn0QodYaMCZBFff3/odprP1FkPgHfjmkb4AAw3IangTVCHYZEyAkMAlQaQZmGSDUDCA0aFfjnbLbHEwRVHN/PzzNIMDdS/i/+gcI9h45DT8G1QgWdxkQ4K2E87f2ycEUwP/hl38yAEAV07BMsI4dgmru7yveYArgH/HXCtc8YLEcYBgglMppuMKuznuVUYKjkrEAsjig9CX8N4WrstgJ8YtE9dIwOwRV3t82G2MDGsVLd4wCEKDPibIWwFAEVd3f2y0mk+UdpgDKGVjp30TRN98UMQ7Qk4Ztar1bZZ2LPIpYMgrA0+YL+bsumFkqQtJf4i+Vrst4EeJNw40IPa1W7e0qZwnBMckYAK9sp9MgQ0WIJGfgPkMBpGm4fl61/0HLBA0B0EQPRL9nYmgGbMPfVxsMIFTVIpRnU+/9KMEJIwDce4t8XbSwAzCSDKwbgJB4T9U0TO/t5uo0AMCz8ScWF0+EuDNC1AGO4aVB4wEE2205DT9T8Q2thbi3Rf8A4fq5jIxz7zI0IDkDLxgQIMAdldNwdz92S/oHyNqAhhrwa7shAUK7nIY7mtV7vxRH2Bt4sr+/L39Avn5wmZkBTeGlDuVrn7RYTuoGoOppeBo7uvQO0ELpXWanCHHj7yO4w48OOiF+kVqLnOWqpWHJjfu7dQ7QRK8vv8jMVXHJLvy6yrgAoVnVNJzciwut+gaYk0u+5uawMqAp/KI+ghmi6PPPi3QFEGzlchpOVevdOl2hnybKPsD/s3fuP21kVxw/0iAx3Fo7Hg9+YJMYHIyBxLF5x8GENyQhBQOBpOHRTULYwJKQh0GBsCxJoJAsSqM8ttlEwYryW4TKP5DNT9k00W6btrRSkmq3P2QrVdpuf6wqtap6Z2yDIQb8uMbjwecHjz2eGY/Nh/M9955z7y3QGQAMukmx3NAx9NdzQRweU40QrwyfISjD9xC6GdMAZhWxDgdbmSWSG+IV+BcSBxAGL1LUJyOELnYane+MZQDB7Kq+PCuaG7qHfkP1Sh1ALMMUdWqAzLVmWtGR3FgGUHCDorkhrMDXQPIAAjzEMvwhGRneexbdj2EAq7sBatn8dFHckGyoBP3++GYAEHrJyfBtFNg0JuIE0FEGLoVrUiRTc/AK/EgiAJoq1raff//9vwYqSNiN/1xpr9gIM5nJA8gcBlsBOEUyOdEh9F1poTQAbE5Yz9LfvXvXn0DAcl69epWwIZaXRBzA/DJoGAOnODqix0vQlxeDOmP311+LMxVnSshbz58kNffo9R3bCXimxLm5ZxvhAbMMzq2kAdypqbQ2Q7c4Jqj8HCtwcCttiDYTUpFQsf5BadN6fU8ygU8b0mrHN+JbbXd/K5IAmspt/QCZLaIA8Aj6jurYRAACjAzo9STKVE9otSkb962kWo7VidCXZ4LrmxCtBAcIIBR26PV94ffHpO3VjubGAQzTHqDfUeeCO0W0jZBAAQQzGRnOHdXulcUBDMtkV9Dfgl10N/YBBDOW4QWaZh0TzfhVlVLB6Z7zXr1CoagI4gNTtNoTcQDDslG077dU76YDkJfhBeXrvI+YnQBH2YmyelctP0z7I4slkPkCTFs3MAwkDqBJTADeR3+krsEmBFBmrtml7+ktuA5TtHuGAD43qrTbK71HZBdxCkseQFMxY03Fb6sUTJsTQK5oMrL1SXX5XFE2yF5VKjhjY2wBaJ1IEA2AaeexAh+XEoDm5DXNp+mhOolbwyprso1bdAkGJms345k91KSYMCTI86CJzUhI7wJINc6m72owgZy1lDmbayyzhnLGCSeVP75qmo0tALsa2KKWZnEAeBOdL6V6pARgMrWm+bQ8VKmF028UC/pK42Ie6Cj2dKmeRZl309nC1lIjbJx0Gd7HjIGcTsek0jvwvsqjoMuIeBgYgRhwdpLjJofFAOAF9CfqFGxSAFmOYVNf65VGfd+I4BlN+VUAYxqPQ5xkTmaqARi58KqJ5XcXPwc5g48dozlsbC20sEW2H4diDUCA5hYL3RD9teJS9qE/BK3A4i3JD1KCKw15GKrCAu6hXt8zjd1gI81io70hXX+XhfsYrG4AtwgA6uZxDIi33azTgA3zedjexmbkxhyA/L+UlY06gPfQ1VIq6CLNWM+ELEqwe/sxXd6nx/Z6pLYmB1tN7dIxRTZQrpRghfBqKe5L22lsT4s1ALfLlawIPOAhXoHNmxxAqGPryv7xZuGHt+wbPhp0sYJ/r68ry3NZ7ZCNGyE51XwjZDi9jW+ECEVMNY6q+qnqRtjmqj9Y1KbtjC0A+RhQJYKS/BMloSiweAemhwggjCk5Tvfv1z8oHuo7Bs0mazm/U52az2gytgJUFTPWWnc3zC6hG0YIFzMc7PXUHLA1MPtVzyJalhCRVrA9/IsRuKEvUGspFfxoRUn0A/oxc28HVuKB6eBzdJ1a7UzsAGjdlkPiMgRuqBX9PQQFliyA2JKnBzCD2A0Gd5qsXRu5MFC6mZB2VPIX6jOIA+iLknlQcIN9wblBviwhZgA8YBSulGWcjTKAt9ChUBRY0gDyVii4wZ7eYNxgBKtTiQN40jM5eWZqdAFMu4oV+Iw5DqCfaFBwg/q+5MB/nciVJRAHUONJBSdoogvgp+hsSAq8CQD0cYOBDteSRaw6lTiA3my3IcqTlJ9GF/ZQD+MAruoGR4T+aU+aLqAwUBYTADo8c0NXOaIK4MxZ9L+QFFi8C9WQBZB3g709ek+abn2LVHUqcQBtOuGCFTpbVAG8i66eoy6FcqZEMiHBuMGAOmYiFAYSB1Cdr6ne0lStyVdHFcBj6P4e6lEcwPUZFNzgwPpuMEJhIPlUXF4bS9NsWz1EE8DxEvTP0BRYvMu1RgZAbMmBucG0UW27LAYAxH/Cqamw/4Rh3tAd1BqiAkulEaKiecMtwi52/bKQwNJ0M9oIlCVIdFDSEfRgD/XrTQ1gmxqbCaChriGQ40fcabo1G8XjWu1QHMBAbC9Cb6k9hZsaQE8iIDvflO9NSiXtvM5ourBEFexnjE0AVUZGU473a+ZVChUMW5jrqkc9vZcbmP21/i/aST4MlCaAN9CRc8EOSI8JAGUpa5rsfQBVEzCh8uwr18zmDXfD1iKjy9DUCAfZeaecr8nXKMoNhhwu0zmrW9C/Ye0/6V9lrd008mUJkgRQdgV9HqoCixvAFLSm+fSTqFiO42ohkUuHfs7zW9oqBYF1sU7hZQ0/hWOdEQPIw6oqwA/DbJ+de6tftVhhZpR0GChJALVoX8gKLBkAK4VRHXZ+vSCd3b3voLXB5gKo9mRJi5+DezQIL8tgZPiRSHRCotG6kPlolTaxjHhZgiQBvI+OXQpVgSUmwUX8SCS6yPurdhcoauHyewDyimu08QORDElgOvBfh+Ptal2DpKtTpQhg7nl0+wz1qxDPVn/7rVq0AAbbCMmhZ3NycobppSJhF707+z0J5gGsqVw6uZmVDwj1Mn4uTDgMlCKAt9H5RyErsLQGJW1z+z7LNmGT2Z3gnLy+FZQ6V32jbyOEBzCd2dnvbLJBU2Z/np3NcWdI/HTLEC5LkCKAF9DpS9QnEAcQkqzuTuhyqzATc0sxp6jsB9g9aWV0QjcM6+6GERq9U7s4TtcFw0oFoxsDPlHc4a9yVZZCNAyUIIAp+5A2dAWGrKdPN1kqbnUTknTvBYNEyxKkByXG1fUAABnfSURBVKDsHrrykNoT8gSNm6QeMEBzV64uDwaJzp260QBmCylKegpA2NoX3zC30VvIeMBD6MZnoStwHMAV5i7gX9YtQzIM3GgAk/gMZYEDfxtajp8t/aSZhACUnUBo7xnql3EAydnISiUmWJ0aDQk27Z/Hj8t4g3SNmpAHfICO6KnS5DiAkVRicmFgNACsYg/zAOZbi+zeyWC3G7cAIQBb0Z1wFDgOoF9dgeXdMuSqU6MBYFsb/zhf1l/OzXt2FUz6uMSkxMTEw6He0CgqGT8VhgLHAVw1GPTtliFWnboxAGbQHjuIXxxmq7z7yz0LyjU1NPsA6D46xBu6hY5hBR6JAxjhbhlS1akbA+DPvEvT8R82v39x+o5h2p312iZkLFll+B4w7Sq6e5y6GMa9qr/5Rh0HcP1gkFB16sZLsNkxsfj8MuNeK1HNT51IZ9aHHwPeRGdnTgW7NMgy22SDkkLvlunUjs7EIoAHaGHuhKaWHEOLwgawwzjlfoNII+QCOj0QlgLHAVy/ReLpliFSlrDxANZYhE1jMcfpMrEY13vmaycC4MxZ9Gl4CgxfPX36VewD6A26VfwzTicH79yToJDLvW9me3Yt++W7LIx7b95JzmpL8u8FBSUemCMQBkosFXcXXU0LT4El0ghRq9WZCvyQxXf4G7polw+AFXi/pQA/JPkDMCNzwj1Lqq6y/0D+qtML8N0yr7Xal4XmOIA+dgjd6qFKB+MALnk8gS7rhA+A/KNy28pDVp7YyO4A6GYS1+qWeaKde/zkyYsXL6Z7R5JDQ1FaAI6XoPafhqfAIl8p6YM1zewfQNMYXbcegErVihMz+GL+LG98tEq3zGOt1+Z4FDGLLwdHgiJRWgDeQa1wjfpQugDiFtJa9oE/ABmOpa0G/wAKK9JwPICquhUnFvD10sB0r93rNTTe+exZ+5zW1+YeC27x5Z8DcYrSArAVfdFBUYNxAH0BtBuyi5c1QnwA5IRxIH4l2A0g2x1Aq9gMstyZof+zd/ZPTVxdHD8zmxmWW2Y2mzUlGKG6ISREXsJLAygI8ioQAeERwVZsWi1UU1sLau1j0SIUbR3rS+2LtdZOf3M6pT87z0yn1WGmf0D79zz33N2EvAELbESXe34gN5uEvYTP3O89595z7pWTz549/jWJRTYsPn369z//Fm0JAA8QcvKg8ACsC+D6JBhUxYZL8LgA4NPWoVafAxqR4OQ5oT4oVhVc+fvps8eP04fFTChaCsBb5MiGFdiaTghu0LexhdB5LQxrxAnJX9kJWX1krCr4h6L4vxQWn1kWwLzr5P4pYa0HVKcFMKyyFJdIVwDhG3aHe8NuthMkHcD4HLA6uqhEo4NaGMbVYE7fi/6lKD7VUHxqWQAvk+6CDSuwdVZCkoa3espdjqdP6vP4YWUvWCurVYqBaGm5QPSGUPRZFsAz5GOqwMc5gC+TWQjAqklyhyrwtQ3e2RpLcRzA5w/g12Sy6rhwYaN35vsBOYDr69Db5Ae4sGEF5gByANfVobzz3WT7tY0rMAeQA7i+Dn1DruaZoMAcQA7g+jp0lNwyQ4E5gBzAdXXoGCHHqAKf4gByADcFwB/JUTgufAEcQA7gZgCIZaHhgXBw43cu++uvMg4gB3CNHbpEus+/Z4YC85UQDuB6OvQDeRveMkOBLVOgUhTlgdlB2mpzOhT34h78DQ7H0q/IiXilnta2cvcce3pCjm/ByO/oE7WSqm1eydvGATRgOyfJd+YoMAz++eegFQAczh8ZlyoAIvJsc+9PnVgEdbyycjz2ut/rstumhvr8JcpufN66dMJ9b4O9jgHYLI/ZxuTTHMDV7Q6ZrKIK/KYJd7bSSUm1N2Fe1A6dwU0wzsbGeCXyCoXNdAd9e7BKNFTLhxI/rW2W6cStW/UdHMDV7WNyxiQFftEB3KZbpmYagA1BaFDi259Uyb8ndqB9kaM2drkTK6Is1vh6E3Y/awCy2tElLg7gqlZwllyG/5qiwC86gIJmmPnXpDVx8Wcfa6UCOB/shGF3/FKEXtoR0ed5Yvw0rn5RhfKByFKJijiAMgr2uMQBXNXuk+t555pMUWDLACgrkrwjPwFAXw31J6ZdvlQAi1wRCItTkC7BLCOJA2jAjpC78LnwPmwBAA1LcKtajawtSXA/liCTxf5UCYZiV1GHEzIAyCXYoJ3cS96gCvzOVgBwTU4ItdNxJ6SzA2uQdXSmOCFYnWeaOSKZnZBh7oSsat+Tw/BJk/AuBzAdQOiSu5qrw50lozIb+36SR5PDMBiCcTh2J5Qpg2i0riNqwzBMu62dh2FWt8Pke1TgclPubJGluDiAMO1UFPeCv8XBtNgXbNEu+7v6pJ7WQvzSToiox0teMEtLQuWd9so8EL26vUH2XjFNgflS3Kb8VS81gHfJEVTgDziAHMDNAHDndXIfvjJLga2yFMcBfG4AXiZnC+BT4UuT7sz3A3IA19YhzEff1iS8xgHkAG4GgDfOkjtUgT8s5wByADcDQCwLbaICcwA5gGvrEOajb9sn/MwB5ABuBoBX9pJL8K15CswB5ACuqUP3yFWgCvwZcAA5gJsB4FHyI7y+T/jFtDv/8ejRHxxAzXrFaNo1VwkHMMEOEHLMVAW2UFISNTX1srbNJdXG5HbDAI7uTn6e2+6WgpV234S227+ZFQLWOvyqW9ZWpEvrpIFGawJ4ixwF+MhEBbYMgMP51HyrA4g1UPu6+gwDmPpxp2Mmqo7XRQvFanxeWxd/abBiqJ4B2Kt4bENymxUBZPnopiqwZQDUxp4Wt+KqwKXFi07JUe9n42IvlIakm10UTmeFJ+ikA1SNr+YhYGH8cZejk37x/ZWO4ITKACzvawGsMa1CsUvCk7tQgvUmWrvMGPUN+noW6eNuZSa9F11eJDNkRQC3k+7z8JuwzzwFftGdkALNbmRqZgCwpLQ37K0AiEoVuwIzo348I85XplTYCoPFFECla8pG3zsLs1giuljpDDy8GQFoa5uKTriL2Ag4hvR4nDDt6K+eH2IAxppo7vrYHbsG6H/BLuHpdCm9cCKs2ikRVgMQ89GpAn8EWwZAotkR2uzWmnQOApOslQSgrCiKtvt5Ohg/o1ST4IiXojKjFIGT6WWOsguiSg4CSH906SPVqBhgAObL8+DrsUNLny/mhMSaaFK8jr4N9xM6OwASthBqAPaNsclhvvUArJokX6MC/8YBTAOwVVXVfChtrVEkcRC8xQkA7sBiCLvonM3JEkMaMW/JTZ2EYhzsSgYA1I4BRRH7tTngjlpoU3bDiMtV2+ZjAMaaDMClSWVlB6hiOMNEgAF40YoAYlloVODXtw6Aa5PgaslzempI9ENdGoBRcUR3SUKYrSSG9MORMAnJWx+2BcRCDcBDjv0TCOr+Qw03K31sDqg3kyUYhqScyEB5BgCtK8GYjw6fmarA1soJaZOLABYogHO6BNc3JEmwhzkYDwOBwEWquDEA94gPccTSAfTVtMjN2qenxP/E4oBTergl7oRQr1dpdC1m6gVzQios6IQUdJPtUP6h8C0HcBkAo2KJOl5DAZyiToitcZT6or2jRUtOCALo0cio9MQBLAp2qOFQDECISAiQfSigRqQ9CGCsGQvD7FKn6/CNcw4ZQzHxOaAtOuGMRi0chrlPrubBL+YqsMWy4kpqpPpxCiCUVmIYBqZCUmIYhgKYG9SC0C3B3LgEh72SuzQOoCriOwpDDiUUZnPAWFMjUA9EMz+D6XHcC3axYDhYNxB9hNwyXYH5UlyaXZTzs/5XvZQAniTkgOkKzJOSUixXbe0ADmAmw7LQ8LPJCswBTDG7XFfGAcxoh8k9gC+FT4ED+PLaSwzgJcxHpwr8lbl3fkWW+X5ADqCBDt3FZbjXhKZtJgPIN6RyAI10aOd18l0WFJgDyAE01qE75OwNKH/fbAXmAHIAjXXoDC7Dma/AHEAOoKEO3cCy0PAOq1XLAeQAPncAWT46VeDPOYAcwM0AEMtCwwdC0ydm3/n2o0e3LQDgaiclFWvrtu2iU9+GRc3J1m5rE37LWKXkYI3qCSXYkMsBjNsVLAudDQW2UFLSiiclFddII/TB60oEsBYTmRK/+OKSWQagz90aDdc0cADjdo8cpj+zoMCWSkpa4aSkYvfEGEBzsCIRwAw5m3YGYL9cBnBCyuEAxgzLQsO7QtO5rQbgoGYZm2kALn9SEoWurQ9gzuPJBKDz1RQA2Tv8CUcpbXUADxByEuBgFhQYXnny5EV2QkTNJmhT0Zp4xEcwtvMuCcAVTkqiSPl6Hg4qu5IAxEQmxU4/3JUCYC2bMEonOIC63WJZOV8Ib2UBwBfbCzYM4MonJSF0s3P2OkgCcE6llpNBgjUAZQ6gbnlXyX2ANwXh3JYD0LAEr3xSEkIXUEIz4DE0B+QSnMzfdtJdgAr8ALYcgGtyQmD5k5IQqZDkNwhgP26K5k5I3LAsdJYUeKuclITQDfpBA7AvSk3VwzD+hDlgdXRRiUYHtTCMi4dhdGP56HBKEN7jAK4K4DInJcVGPQagPpfUAtH1CV6wVmOrFAPRkjUC0aXaxHlen03HU6WaWxWHc79BAFk+epYUmC/Fbcpf9dwAzMVBvhbz50U7bcW+0mZHe2BqOtcggFgWOlsKDLd///02B9CyADIV6FnAeEJhwqVQZA0SfB7z0bOlwDwnxPoAtsm4CinWBEONRdqVfHGmssd5MTZK5uTkjKzQoW8wHx2Os6PCOYAcwDXbMJ6DDAvN0RZlIRYrCNqjHkk/Nl6bEy/foaOYjw4XhOMcQA6gMSvW4/esoM3IUpWQFoc+BRRRgt1dhkbAY5iPDtcE4VpW+nr7yRM+B7QagKM23fBmCz3x5fFYzbheEbcJdXYYmgOyfPSsKTD3gq0uweUDs/H2jKQ5vuU1OALWRQwBiGWhs6fAHECrAxgWbfhwaCigDjkaAMq88wAljmk1IqlGAGT56KjApziAHMB1mF6tuL9OUdwlPpRfXOJudymVFw2FYVhZ6OwpMAfQ+l6wEVu2Q1o+OjwQDnIADVlSvHUdr2e0/7N3fr+JXFccP4nZ9SWKNMxMganA2/BjzA8bjIyDDfVm/QuQsAsGVhZuI6uoTu1qXbVa0Ye0iqVYS6220vahD23zAPnRRpUqxX9C3vx3dc6dAQZn1/FWe9cYzlertRkYznD5eM6cM/fcM7jRN3EA8np0+JUwDzwuAHqXNKm08ugVAbStNnmtotGbHoebr24Jeyw8mG1jZkQO7yaAfFlo+PnUn0VZHpNbcQuZ2OL5QXUYsETkegD7bY+uf+/Ig5sfh1vDJkzzUtoOIN6FtW7D3jUAf8jr0QV64DFJRA8mj7K6XypXcRpId1mOcd+JM2Dc2aJSClsAXpZM5AYrjjuzJWnhHB6kcbrIYxbst1xyKVVd3sa3GbRT2nRLPlzG3OzGBImtXcl32gMwmTKu7Q+OfXYAZ+6uC/7snT+9yz3whxMK4D27EsZJ7d69/lb7SUoNWVM7mHYYzKo5A0BfN5gbAKhctlysizQkspp1D2rQcyGbrjg8Sg6eYciI//VaLrnkhUetGr7NoJ2SXm0VtEivGxM09W7QJVl/AO5Qtg1QnhkXAHk9ukgPPOoAvmXX1wBfv/VfY+u/+UP7qzcVaaEZwG+7CVBjFYjxr30AIJKVKRrPn+b1hrVTv+1RTT7CIpItOGGLxmnQ6v+GLZdcLGALQsx2SnVsk+To5TdqEp4N2/kegAG11ilFhgCUsPgpeBcB/IjXo4v0wKN+DXhTAGG9e7kguxAw44HiMgCcHwLQOJvxjjVMK+/39um3PQrw1pf4tL4FMZxE3Wu55JIS1tsM2imdo8vv9LoxnTPES870AIRll+cZDAG4isVPkbsI4D95PfrvHorzwKMeBd/QBZtqa5a/4wBi5NpGALEY3WyZ5DGeb0v95RL6LngA4IEPlo5tLZfMGhEEcKidEl5zWt2YnrAY8tXoA3iWUR0wJi6Y16PDH6d+DZMK4CtpLXUVQN6KcGEIwJnNfr1vPwipSdwFr2GI8Vg5tLVc6gM43E4JAbS6MU0PgDYBjEqG0fEA8Gfv/Pgj48cfpn5BAF6v3MZRYPu01L4KYJe5WmFlGEA4lU4HaRiz7VGIByG4x4JPXbe1XOoDONxOCQHsdWNqplzBkzNXH0CI1iwA81j85LXSMLU7CODfeD367x9O/ZIAvF7O4rKi6s31qwBCuKSEslcANAi0Zsj1E9Hr2RSmYQydMV6h1Gu5NHDBQ+2UeNrH6saUmNXl0kpnACD37uHe6lthKxG9dQcB/MdPPzM9cIIAHBPdxbJMoR6YACQAv+eADA/8G4GWaUY0AXj9AYn1wFQTQgB+zwF9MvUXIAAJwNsC8AcPp35EABKAtwbgX6d+K9ID08oIBOD1ByTYA1MUTABee0CGB/6CACQAbw1A0R6YACQArz2gT6Y+BQLw/5R9CVSXcu1L8WZbYklhJwTgkN7/YOorAvAGemHdmh3Ada+1SmUBl+qp8MVRLtJD+1fkR14+ay/GeIulc1wH3bqnbC23ok8agH8X7YEnBkAOEQK4isuYFzWcS7WRH9r/TLMexJiGM7aWNDuAOk5p2Z80AJ+K9sCj3ifkVQF07KmlvIFJzaM+X+NzozyKtNfiLtiF5zBXiz0ByJxJc+CU6hDfkFJLNb4/rs+rWQA2N7DVXNgOoG8SXbB4Dzzqiej7dr0H8N79+/2tLwDQm2o6TlYMepJaN36sGgD69U5gpRxBANef6VgdmT6AaXlf70KHBefShfjOrofvH73QrDNcjLWkRTjyzUw8gN9MfZCYbADftutLgC/f/o+x9V/84QsADOMk+wZr1XDWc04KQYs9wl9OeRBiQpRfgYoOySZcalBXamZTBtx/duCCo/5L2JgdApC3VWpPGIBPp54CAfgKAB5zTFjFLPJYDkFVxrBi+dIGYF2NFJNwuAAbHl6vxCuMrgJY3Q1KuSEAdaz88E4WgIYH/ka05RHvF/yKLnivgJgEayc9AGc4gL4LG4BB9ihzCl45J7kgtPESACNpdwEm3gUbHvh90ZbHKwpu6mb1Y00+NcBSr7jgAxMirYiNkMpNA9KXumAosgoB+Kl4Dzw2ALqxAGhxvlQ4D3bbESMI2Yn7zSDk48CeGYTAkXqy7zReq2I6b0ndBcAgJGYFIcMAOvcTFoAdfGcrDTNZLvjdD3/yBQF4QwB5ntgDLb8i6aEE1PJqaauXhlkx0zDgLCjMhasdYJX6EcOIwpaGGQYQZQJoduY0E9HSpOUBgQAcLxGABCABSAASgARgH0BZJgAJwNs7IKoJIQAJQAKQABw5RRzRMQQw54gQgEP69vPPvx3JryqxGJxbHzflHF4gAO9GFAzOlmP85E0QgHcFQHgwdifA9citf98EIIkAJAAJQAKQAKQDIgAJQEtR1pi+HQUYC0yT3rAabMSSnA1Gmiw1Rizj0Ii++A+l8Qb+GMnGG7cRbTygSwWycfcv3WhQyQYBSDYIQFFyhp1kY8JskEgkEolEIpFIJNLE6mxXWu4Ie/fOcZo3102E05I7LsbGQUYt+Vtijaz6VDVTEfs5+GdhIfFGRkqHct0RUhdFvX2luckB3FI344W0mATXiiseONZqQo1UK61WU44L/RyGznd9IRBtZLSUwTV09KJACwhg4vkWgFNZFWZkn3XEG1Hqgk3UyjvukPjPMUpyythYHvvNCwUwyHtj+D3CjARZXLSRyKHkEGzCE8JF94UP1ihpHtdWhIOyYAAfsXnjt6UVUTYSxwuCjcRVWakI/hyHvnUEUPRgjSKAunAAvULHNKk1BBtxBh8XUw6hJhqlAJgAeicHwPFwwVltG96An99YEmpihsmyzJg8US54HIKQRDLd4j9FX7xveISamI4byuTjExWEiE7D1E5O2OzJImwpm/G8oMxCUol5sTmMSCPNzna8KXeFfg4uXPFXuJGR0pkmMhEds5ZVToSfC8utmvUPLhBppK1JpY2uUBMDAIUbIZFIJBKJRCKRSCQSiUQikUgk0kvFZ7d+Rx/7ZD+NDenWAMzkG695JTJtlsaadGMAU67XbYcAJNnlzhaVUhgBXN2Tdk+trc5sSVo4h23rVjBuKWpSuQ4Qy0jPixHcL6SUVmttdbeC96WrPimD91g3dUlbQ8wO2qqGs07mC0rKv40dfdeep5IRcPP2vYvHiqpXaPRJ4FYuWy7WNQBM1VtN2WFuzaYrDo+Si3iVWa/ZcqugbQZ3DmFeTTpmUgawbvWidSHv1VvJ1JwBoN6NH+9G4LF80XJJBrJa6iy4ZbzbXLkdd+R1J3iUpKOq1iGnXXi9cLwSD1Y7NPokcC/glV7RABCnL/I5jAA1+Qggkt4CUCwX3GI7/GdTTwCcqQ/4fhHVA+BlTwwADwFy0inkcbJxUTcAzAMkSqtQx9c7pS54NOO0WShYLth3SSNPMgFE5PxtA0BELWRO4A6wRWtrD8BT2WzSgtv403w/zUA0waoGgPj65Uv8BzBjvBafQcySsmqIrYLnGE+sGxaAdXkhHKDBJ5mz5PgkdRPAjZcAWLUDeMIa5n4cJiN6eQGA/DwXhmQmiIoa14AW32YQ0lj1y2c0+iQbgHYXLHEXvDYAcPs7LngYQCN6iap2F2wBWFes6cd9AMtrluWij0afZAPQCELCvSAkxIOQ6ABAaGsz27FTWxAyDKC+E/drTlsQYgE4V3Z3tmPZxgDAFf/8PoS6248zBRp9kg3AsxVJO7S2rmdTmIaxAbgeSktlly0NMwxgVZcyAZ6Gkc00jAUgeD0paXdpegDgE5/EIFuWSp4cjT7p9SjGojQIJAKQRACSSCQSiUQikUgk0v/agwMCAAAAACH/XzckAAAA8BbqBLR4KxtxsQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Examples:

  * Comparison of LDA and PCA 2D projection of Iris dataset
  * Model selection with Probabilistic PCA and Factor Analysis (FA)

###  2.5.1.2. Incremental PCA

The `PCA` object is very useful, but has certain limitations for large
datasets. The biggest limitation is that `PCA` only supports batch processing,
which means all of the data to be processed must fit in main memory. The
`IncrementalPCA` object uses a different form of processing and allows for
partial computations which almost exactly match the results of `PCA` while
processing the data in a minibatch fashion. `IncrementalPCA` makes it possible
to implement out-of-core Principal Component Analysis either by:

  * Using its `partial_fit` method on chunks of data fetched sequentially from the local hard drive or a network database.
  * Calling its fit method on a sparse matrix or a memory mapped file using `numpy.memmap`.

`IncrementalPCA` only stores estimates of component and noise variances, in
order update `explained_variance_ratio_` incrementally. This is why memory
usage depends on the number of samples per batch, rather than the number of
samples to be processed in the dataset.

As in `PCA`, `IncrementalPCA` centers but does not scale the input data for
each feature before applying the SVD.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_incremental_pca_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_incremental_pca_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * Incremental PCA

###  2.5.1.3. PCA using randomized SVD

It is often interesting to project data to a lower-dimensional space that
preserves most of the variance, by dropping the singular vector of components
associated with lower singular values.

For instance, if we work with 64x64 pixel gray-level pictures for face
recognition, the dimensionality of the data is 4096 and it is slow to train an
RBF support vector machine on such wide data. Furthermore we know that the
intrinsic dimensionality of the data is much lower than 4096 since all
pictures of human faces look somewhat alike. The samples lie on a manifold of
much lower dimension (say around 200 for instance). The PCA algorithm can be
used to linearly transform the data while both reducing the dimensionality and
preserve most of the explained variance at the same time.

The class `PCA` used with the optional parameter `svd_solver='randomized'` is
very useful in that case: since we are going to drop most of the singular
vectors it is much more efficient to limit the computation to an approximated
estimate of the singular vectors we will keep to actually perform the
transform.

For instance, the following shows 16 sample portraits (centered around 0.0)
from the Olivetti dataset. On the right hand side are the first 16 singular
vectors reshaped as portraits. Since we only require the top 16 singular
vectors of a dataset with size \\(n_{samples} = 400\\) and \\(n_{features} =
64 \times 64 = 4096\\), the computation time is less than 1s:

![orig_img](data:image/png;base64,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)
![pca_img](data:image/png;base64,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)

If we note \\(n_{\max} = \max(n_{\mathrm{samples}}, n_{\mathrm{features}})\\)
and \\(n_{\min} = \min(n_{\mathrm{samples}}, n_{\mathrm{features}})\\), the
time complexity of the randomized `PCA` is \\(O(n_{\max}^2 \cdot
n_{\mathrm{components}})\\) instead of \\(O(n_{\max}^2 \cdot n_{\min})\\) for
the exact method implemented in `PCA`.

The memory footprint of randomized `PCA` is also proportional to \\(2 \cdot
n_{\max} \cdot n_{\mathrm{components}}\\) instead of \\(n_{\max} \cdot
n_{\min}\\) for the exact method.

Note: the implementation of `inverse_transform` in `PCA` with
`svd_solver='randomized'` is not the exact inverse transform of `transform`
even when `whiten=False` (default).

Examples:

  * Faces recognition example using eigenfaces and SVMs
  * Faces dataset decompositions

References:

  * “Finding structure with randomness: Stochastic algorithms for constructing approximate matrix decompositions” Halko, et al., 2009

###  2.5.1.4. Kernel PCA

`KernelPCA` is an extension of PCA which achieves non-linear dimensionality
reduction through the use of kernels (see Pairwise metrics, Affinities and
Kernels). It has many applications including denoising, compression and
structured prediction (kernel dependency estimation). `KernelPCA` supports
both `transform` and `inverse_transform`.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_kernel_pca_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * Kernel PCA

###  2.5.1.5. Sparse principal components analysis (SparsePCA and
MiniBatchSparsePCA)

`SparsePCA` is a variant of PCA, with the goal of extracting the set of sparse
components that best reconstruct the data.

Mini-batch sparse PCA (`MiniBatchSparsePCA`) is a variant of `SparsePCA` that
is faster but less accurate. The increased speed is reached by iterating over
small chunks of the set of features, for a given number of iterations.

Principal component analysis (`PCA`) has the disadvantage that the components
extracted by this method have exclusively dense expressions, i.e. they have
non-zero coefficients when expressed as linear combinations of the original
variables. This can make interpretation difficult. In many cases, the real
underlying components can be more naturally imagined as sparse vectors; for
example in face recognition, components might naturally map to parts of faces.

Sparse principal components yields a more parsimonious, interpretable
representation, clearly emphasizing which of the original features contribute
to the differences between samples.

The following example illustrates 16 components extracted using sparse PCA
from the Olivetti faces dataset. It can be seen how the regularization term
induces many zeros. Furthermore, the natural structure of the data causes the
non-zero coefficients to be vertically adjacent. The model does not enforce
this mathematically: each component is a vector \\(h \in \mathbf{R}^{4096}\\),
and there is no notion of vertical adjacency except during the human-friendly
visualization as 64x64 pixel images. The fact that the components shown below
appear local is the effect of the inherent structure of the data, which makes
such local patterns minimize reconstruction error. There exist sparsity-
inducing norms that take into account adjacency and different kinds of
structure; see [Jen09] for a review of such methods. For more details on how
to use Sparse PCA, see the Examples section, below.

![pca_img](data:image/png;base64,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)
![spca_img](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAlgAAAHDCAAAAADdRDsdAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAlZUlEQVR42u2deZxkVZXnv+/FnmstSVVRAlVUAcWmLFXFYhYWagMCCtqgooCALS60LYODjq3TVvWn1XH9SKPi2IwNSinK2E6jLWpjs4gISjdLCyKgbNUUFFBrZkbG9uLMHzdO5ItcI7MiIvNFne8nP5mRkZER77533vndc++553qCYTQe306BYYZlmGEZZliGYYZlmGEZZliGYYZlmGG1jDu8k8c+6Xkze7OZ/t/c4GTvjilfc7F3fYsM69kPH9mZOeDVH/l5FE7d9Z6X3OYelhZ53sapTrTneV7HoX/17Dh/vGrjzik/roHnZqPneV5sn1O+W/m98A9v3C/dffild+oL3uR5j096/4TZON2Pf3DjP8/wwH//1Xcd6nubap6TX33khHnJpefcPu5/iIiI/Fs3seXHHeSxUCLAdcDX3MN/ATaIyG9WXTj2datWiYisZ//+/levjNFz39iXLOOpsU/qWWn8udlAT3//cfPh/LKIyH3LYdHqI7vgTPf3F+PwN5P8//39/f39/fvT09/f39//zXFfc+Gq30x84i5yDz626ofTO/CzAbih5rlfgH/IMV3wP8f5B3cKd/Vx5tMisuP6M6JhWAd7J7iHb2cVGyZ/9Xr3gideydqZGFZDz80G1otI8GW4UUTu6+CUfxeR/I/X9rq/X808DizX9y4zOnEXzfDALzvns7edMMqwbj3omu0i+b+GH09kWDfSMyTR4Tpev54nRER2Zw58d52GJT+BXTMwrIaeGzWJszhLJLeCdwTu+eAL7udavjafu+agYbkTWWtYu4ru5+mcNfbFro/1JId0hORxuff0z0/u7TnlLgBe+Mppy9Pz198AwNPecq5d2+3BtisPTXcuf8M1AGz/xJGd3SdcW65R2cfee1Bm4eoNzwM8cuF+ycXn3Ks9x2cuWNx14q3wu3MWdbzmXu0xf/e4rgVvfrguzb+ATQA/GD7fC3Xen/aWs2lNx4K3PjlOJ3wZFICd3zz7oEzv8VeXgOu9ZzjQ87w7gO0bjunpOuz9D7gX//Q13b2nP9C0c/ManoDvPNn3jUof17/SnbH7ku88lxvq76U/eO5i/3qGbzxvVVfX0Z8aCnXeL/au3/LufdNHfC187JfwLc/zTtbO+0Zv47bL9ssc9T145pKlmdU/qfSOvnfKwtSKD70w1ef3xN3PU3gcRjW6cm9+hd4dNbfx//IWrFmIf5OIyN+RWbnmAHi/iMhTLHs/+6+ZJztXkjz82EVer4jIw68gefhKj3PDXnxTksyxh6a4TkRuTjFvzT74/yAichGf7Otc3Uf83+7qnLe6l46HnZv4HEvWdJO5qx6PtTN9kIjI6/jDX7BBRG5nvTu6j7HsqBT7vjTiedRjXU+fiMgNJJetXeFzZiByS3+KNf39/feLPLgU//Cje7hIRODr3r7HdtL1aKPPjfqaL3CYyClcMaphH+dsuYN5ufo81nr+NtW1esV1chfx/dYcHOfYrHv6dhG5iI1L0scuhU+N/N+5B7Oov7//gyIXcZ2IbOBDByWPfQV86w+LOlb3EbtVRKTwVlh6VAf7PjaFx1I+wzEitY1WKXzMZ/UPdoZOXvzDBSl+lJ4tInLXbSUReegw7hCRp4h13iySlS9y6jYReebLIjK4kg/tEnnkCL468nH3JfjooEjhxrtEnuvh8rwEnybxkIhcROK83RJcxlHLP5yX3Jt4m7OCxJcCGTqfZdk6DEveyq9FNvvHSa1hxXtuEXn+VfyPUYZV3vqdPr4kIvLQv+RE5E+v4fqwFO46gDdsFpFfbhIR6LhOZPfreXujz82IFL5JpIt/rm1XeRk3SXl/flCvYcXeOySSladvGhCR589lY9iwEufuELmG9I5xpFANK/HarSKfZd/jztstwfs4TkTkYxzzgEj2MtbUZ1jlY/igSE2jq4Ylnwa8VRd/L1c5eUeJiMixfDIcA1wqIk/hLo+8j5urf7qat4iIyEPeipHXn8G7q48/wdGV5y4UkYvYd0hEdqY5piwif6DHWcFZIiL5JfxjPYZ1Mx8Q+SxXjzIsd3Q/4lVhw3KsujH8Hn/klLBhfZ7DcqE+1l+JiPwnvY0+N84kyl+GG2QnPFTbrjvozop8hLPrNayjgvDT2eTBYcNaMuiO84eTGFbmOREp7ecuyI4020ReTPVsFhEJ1vLLugzrGyT/OKrR1T4WH7/tjKQ8dv15h1TG1i6rfP85wMC1F5160rqP8ZD727sA2J//V1Kx/SHvAeBVy5/8L31u+FY+WlXjf+WDAFzOvwLwjg6g90Au8YBVmd1uUOovAZLvoa7xotP7biqyKX7e6Of/AmAtT4af27+/v//Izse+7gay8t+99LST1l2kzXHczOWp0K/vAXhlete2hp+bB9atO77vCs55JwPQWXvsN/CWDJzPLdvq7GVdULl85Zv/8vST1p3iPZEN/fEdneOcitFncSkQe6W7IPMO5Cm4JX/afgD+G7mznmO4/3I+tXJUo4FK/4vXvnb4339zyx3PnnH/oQCH4b4/Djzwxi3uNdsB6OsD4JIvXP/TN5z02hUAv+OTnwHgZZ7br/KGfyzOW1X9lMc5HIAj2Lq7B1gJwD6PVn4+O7hw9IdOSeJt19yy7OEz9xn1dF8vwCIGw0++eyMw/LefO+n3nfDsqY+Fm1PhUU4I/1o5sM2DCxt9bnbfjT/v5Hdd7NENQzXHnvsB7wSOOuKR719Wn2G5Q2HnGfdUntjRMboNo07FKCrtrF6QQfgd964DYCvP1XEIT70x984rRze6Zkonc9KVt/2yc/hLlcMBWMwABG/bcsadL5fkCYpA9S5bes85u771npUn3gPs4j/uvvvuu+++e4BhfbvdzBv59MHqGzIA4JrvVX/K6A+t5TPr1q1bt+6B2icvZNMmLhz90s4JJ6oyn1377LXAxY8d/7MXClIkfH/VHu7I20jDz816kWDb7Zd40NvFUzVH+KNdi/4M4PxwXPjTdevWrVv3j+Nf1crnffieVf/0XF7kFZXDGLcN4zLOhdjFZnfAfxy5mBPzwinPn3m9N7rRIY/lWHfZF34LwEurAF6kG377x2U/TAGbR98tP8jfc+f37j31d8vp2vnEQaM/sZvQXEnXrhdXupuA7okP8qX9qh9ay+N3A+yqffKEg388r+es6UxLnHDfb2HL7R23LBjbnO4dO5dN/t8NPDcVTrz1zrPDv3+bFyuX494nDtYnt94N8GeTHVnpJm5eBZReoAF08YlP1f3i7af8af3/TYxp9Nh7ewWFijK474fA06xOAbVdEgBSJ294uH/wRjicsYNPByd3Plb95RB+D8AjLO6Z+ChDHzpqblBEREbPMp+f33pOZjqnrMx2eIZDF4SaoyNdR3DvVP/euHNT4e1sCjvnl37OosWLFy9evDjDyKTcxSIiMums4EtDC1YBPBxMObtex1ma5IDHMHjGw2t/nBnb6Kphvazu8te4W+WayvdTIcNWgOJV471zbC1b4M+5eoy/zZzKF6u/nMZXAbia0yY5zGsACt/k1PpadeHrX3/pdOxK7mEFZHhRAD5fOcyKv38zXymM/29NODfa9V7+0vsqw6byRbixtPwFx1Vsmk7DMuweDjVp0ldOrW5nJm95os4Pzp/9myN+1j1Oo6uGtenoa7cBOz+5iUsAePijRUof/4/u98MJ8bu/DbvO31r7pp/45k7g4Zs4Ft634vbznwcGb/rwyAs2JP7Px7NQ/P6v4AM9D15RoPz5nyT++yTH+ZO/F4Yv3bL/ecBVy8+b0oP84hcnTuP0D3/0fi6AI+b/16eF3OUPqBtyoc97lz3y588Bv/rO6P9rxrmp3ODfz9x4+v1A8Wcnfgpu4IKKR3lb6sm7p9GyeUeUrigQfO77yamd7n3ZqV6z9L8VT7sDkN9+YMJ48srlVwLBebetvHXBeI2ujrxfBRx43MFJuFJHlxeu7cO/UUTkSjhgdSbxdZa50WWd7vYPOu4geG1RRB49EP+w4w+JcXxoJOOGBB3HHpZ2I+9J5q9dhP+NkUEUHXDRsST4HEvW9pC+c8rpsOt4/cgvo0bew7N9Oo61f39//5Ed8HciIl+FJWt6vGvdH78NR65f/4DIg0vwjzi6tzLyHppIbOi5GdWsew+Axatf2QVny6PwB33+LbyvrnEsd/7kRx4L1vTxN+5E6jjWdZXXhqZSg4NZeOL6y0fGsTbI2AtSvACWHHdUNzwamjFduHBhnK6FCxe6f7hIRL4LB/f39/f39587utE6QFq47SOvPiDZcfC77tIT+rPXdHe97k43snrVocm+N937VO3Ju+9jxy9JvmL9t93b7P7s8T2p5a/7Ys2M7iOXHJDsW73xeRGR352/b2Kft/xaJjMs+c7ajt6zHpKGGxZAcv+3V8b7Nh2dnPe6n6r1/P2rMnC7iLz810d0dB/2gQdHG1ZDz83oZuX+9+lLk52HXforkY+Hki/+ifn5aRiW/OzVme4TNsmUhiWPn7soxvrJDUvkJ29ekli0+oN3BLWZSiOeyBnWyHPLxjRavPE6AMufeWp5y7P3PCKx2n9Wzk0EsZx3wwzLMMMyzLAMowldZquPZZjHMiKDm/Usb+mO8hpNGVjqR78Z7dGKajNERGRz1O+PzW3RjM1tdDGcx+rmitS4r0lAAmKQAB88cDPo1Z6ZgIAHAmVwc6rugftToE82/M6AIpTBJ/+17smbEQnyX26HVmgznGF5pNKTG1ZyPMOS2TSsMvj6vZIPMmEzohJJtUUrXDPik7/G+YS49vNjYwxFah9IyMLK+rg5FCFX6SaWrK9sUaFhhmUYezjcMBkB+FBUHXS9G08foB2sqiCWQ2rYzNHXYKRTZ1JoHsswwzKMZkohoSEGb7yFHhIaAJAW6WB1TKMEJQqzfBJj4OtwDK3rDJjHMsywDKN1UlhWESyHBtlj6ufLKgcScv7N18HqlE5x5lLoj3nXaf53ApKQhhTEwdcT6qYc3CGWoAD50ZUazGMZhhmWESUpdIFhMF6oONGvTaY6OpqHUk2NlcmpilZCpcsLKbd71wCKUIAClMYX9RQkIAUpyEAXdEBSv8Lv52Y03dcQ7BxT22QydkGveSzDMMMy5ooUzjGqY5AFkLpkuAM6IQMZSEE6lGtWpaTSNQzDkIUcFKhIbVAJft1/u/frhB7ogS7IQBJS4ENQGbolr282BHnogS1QbyXIl00KDcMMyzApnAjROLUMMvXAZhf0QhekIa2BnJO0ZHWlko5jZmE37IYYeDUZ2W5ENANp6IIe6IV50AOdOliaVFHNhRK1q5lF3bAPZKmjAJoLec1jGYYZlmFSOOFhl1QQp5rjS6sIhqfx8hDT1Rii86Al8HSxWyw0guppPpCmx7h1JbGQThb0uxthzUE+JK1u0tANu3rQW48U7mTW04HMYxlmWIZJ4dw+7ARkIQaFKQZIBQZgADyIq9LFNYRL62CpF1p6mw8NkzpVk5H4LqmZMAXV0iH9nKI+mYUhGNbkGS+UYiS1ceJkt/y+5rEMwwzLMCmcBDfVV4LyFKKSr2OkMa3ZnwkN9gowOE5cVoDtENOJxN3g64SgU8Bio9o3zzyWYZhhGSaFk+ByM91oZrkBFW1y0/74XVCEJASM3WDRMI9lmGEZJoXNZljTXMoQzGQhh5v727PbKgsTbdJW3vNb9n50g7Y5zUQjveaxDJNCw6Sw+VEhmi6TnHqrYwlVyQlCeaFz+X79z2hIoXkswwzLMCmcvftBVNIyNWsDR1HSrE23EMIVf0nO+RtqCyyEgMmaNjcQ81iGSaFhUjg7eKF6n5PeG7mQoOS1cHdizrcvCwEM2hJ7wzDDMkwKJyKhKwOLk80VlrVWTEInB90aw7nOYHE37AtZk0LDMMMyTAonOWy3MrAA8QlHET1IVCp2V8rBRGPr0t3J7dA17bzWuUBS03nNYxkmhcbeLIWxVpTmrq6TL4E/4WIKTzUzHoVB0RGyxZdhB+wXPXvyNBvJPJZhUmjszVLYwi0qShUpnOQjM1G8KDvjO2B+9Aqv+ZDQi2EeyzApNPZmKWwV1QqgsRZvENV8nokNQQKehwObu+ij4ZgUGiaFhklha2+JOKQgNvdXHExXCr04BNAFhajMb1aMKVFJ0jWPZZgUGiaFrTx+maqwdeQoe07cuyPspcxjGSaFhklhS5DKdhCldrvbPTcoug1WROx6BDZAapgUGnuxFMZ0B6KWhU76acON2w1ijpD23K7B26J36FldAWIeyzApNPY2KXSFzVqbvVJSQRxuu6gw5jspLEWj9lqVPGBSaJgUGnuxFLY8MivpxvOJtrsonudu+WHIQ4d5LMMwwzIiIIXlVh92STeNl3aUQim7uUKBnSaFhmGGZURDCmdFLyrr69tQCrNeNwSQhJ2w1DyWYZhhGSaFYwmgrLvYtzQoTVR2C24qeZIQh92QmLXpwpnlQVnhNcOk0DApbGFIWIZ4S2uTxehQUSrBYDP11stBGgJ4AebBPrPT25iRo/LNYxkmhYZJYQulUCqZM83OIE1U9sFIQVxTO4GhZi0eSXglKIIPW6EPuiFtHssw2sJjNXn5l9uBxwOpbEjgZpF88GF3Uz5yob9V98QbhK3QDUuj4QRsJbRhUmiYFLaEkqb4BVCAQnM772XtR8dASxiLKmSiKcn+S+Mva/ZGHgbhWfBhQZS68OaxDDMsw6SwyVLoMgzcV665Uhjo7EaaEuSgrOkUpWblVSxJPKJDZKKftwMC6ITOaNRRNo9lmGEZJoXNDNJKUIBAtajQoqIgOTxIQRGKIYVshhSmkpDXUNTJvhCtLYPMYxlmWIZJYdPIh+JBN0BaaplGDMNwKz5nfroHdmlOf0yD07LWia7zPM1q8GgeyzDDMkwKm4NUtK8yaFig7QomV+jTwDepauhXUnfq2nA1gGGIzeblNY9lmGEZJoXNoaDRUUkHSAG/7baVg/1gOwSQVhH09UE9FMGDHHSZxzJMCg2jzaSwrHNmYSkst75SZdPZR1dCV6+PW8gRg2QdIaHoXuzmsQyTQsNoKyksarHkqg4KbRgQAjAPMtVtabQX4OlC7Cn7C/7sb1RuHsswwzJMCptAISSCRVXGYntGhSlYDM9p1qg3Hc2fG1WkzWMZZliGSWETKKkUFqEAechX9hBoy9BwH9gauvfrz5kxj2WYFBpGe0phdR85J4IFGNYn4+15ZfaBbtgZ0sFylPyAeSzDDMswKWw0Ba2Altc9uHMjTWjLuyMN8yEbigQbGhJWK8iZxzJMCg2TwigcZBCqtJaDLGRDu+gk2/bi9MF2XRnhNjFonHT5emZjoe+NeFvbS8cwKTRMCptBHoqQg2HIwjAMhUqB+m17dyyGF2EXxGorzzSoe+FCT087GQm1hj2pqJOwnSkMk0LDpLApFDQYdCKY09HRcjuHhI5FMARx/Wp0dmgR4qF9PoqQgk4NQGewBZVJoWFSaJgUNgEnfIMwCEOQhUEogKcL7RIRyqucSWD4PGQgqTVnGsrYouKulE9M1yYOTOfdkuDpxTCPZZgUGiaFjWMQ8jo/OKC/ugXnSYhDqoHDhnORA2BApbD5FNXZJEPTsXWSgpheDPNYhkmhYVLYIIZgCAYgC0MwCAM6RRiHckUK2/vumAcFSLfuWlUDw/xMHJVFhYZJoWFS2EDyMADDOjQ6CDndjSIBMS21uRfc++n6qo82lOyMIkotDGseyzApNEwKG+WM8zo6OqCThgUdII1rYBhEa0/bmZDRWtytYmZnNA9lDSXNYxkmhYZJYYN0MKe5ozlVQFd+zYMiZADItWgX+1kkFY3DFCjoBKN5LMOk0DAp3DPKtVJYVCkshDanqB58of2l0DyWYZhhGXudFA5AQb9cvTVXZyYIleOsVh/dCwZIzWMZhhmWsXdJYV5DwtA2TJXaa3ld8VbG9M88lmGGZRjtKYVlGNKx0LwGhg7RqBD9XmzbrXvNYxmGGZax90qhS5Ip6rSgW0JYGik3WhkddfUyS5Va1RYgmscyzLAMo02kMB/acqJabbv6PRwP+uBDAAWIt+Eu9uaxDMMMy9gbpbAMBR0CrWpbePyzWoIzruvrpbKvvUWF5rEMMyzDaAcpzOlAqB+K+2KqgNUHUhse2lzhnGDsdofmsQyTQsOkcJrkNVNUQs7VbdEXB1/XUFRDRdENhTyLCucCQe0VMo9lmBQaJoXTpDzGyn1VQ18zZOL6sphOI5ZComnMPiaFRus8lsykVnzDcD3xvM7qFLUjX9RqWIH266tfaMZfpVSkzIFm7HkAE+lW+BVNqTZDRGRz1O+PzW3RjM1tdDE8AShv6Y7yZpIysNSPfjPaoxXaDM/mRAwbbjDMsAwzLMMwwzKigRvHsqjQWtHoZtg4lrWiGc1wHqubKyqbHzwJt0IAvbAA5kMv9EAXpFu3lfo0yX+5u9KMFf52yMJyeB30ROp6jLTiitbsRBFoBZ/ymLmO6vRteFlLWROYXC5vEjogNXrfjEoznGF5pNLu6e0wpFsuxjUfKg5JSEF6rl4UzVYuV85WH8yHRMRudW/UxWgVJa2WkVCrCkJTZqOWDldzxhOQhORYq/Cs825YVGhEMSocYTcUIKnurpog7M3N3tVoCr7rLHRGTwdn1wgCzWsLp44Q0kQJpVtVU6+CiZdJmccyTAqN6EphVj2hF1JDP1Q4YW5T9F1Uk7YrOz1ioaXAfkgT0fGIIPTK6rphLzQMYR7LMCk02kMKA1374uvQaHXBqB8NGyx5LoCx+2X6dlA1hZJaQjm080xJh+bzahWTeya7AoZJoRFRKSyEzC2uIWEsFAhEQAoDSECXXdk9lUU3tdytM4nVOcSC6qOoqfjmsQyTQqONpNCHNHgQh4R6OS+UODHnCSrL2UwKmxMwOrKwI7RE3TyWYVJotJMUoimn1azRhKbNxObk9tHj3ykJmytsLh0A7Ji0g2QeyzApNCIqhcnQogn3OKZp86loNMfz4tBlVf5apIZDE+cVm8cyTAqNiEqhQA66oRO6oQvmQQ9kItMcz/MgAUW7sk0h0KWtMZ1QDsxjGSaFRntJ4UswAJ3QAz3QqQsMo0PMi0NPZILYyOEWULiORlnH0mW82NA8lmFSaERUCgchgG7ohrSmzbiMevRxWZNq5iQJPw59On5nNMEPVesWuTxSf4IxUvNYhkmhEVEpdLOEaV1LGFMdFIhDRhdiz2FSfhlW2mVtybmGlGWQGiaFRttJYbfqoEsczUFRJ4NSWpsrNqcrsMV8gf3sss6+ZzKPZZgUGhGVwgJ0aJllV2nNrR2L6xhpBtJzurpn3F/SRumjXjTqGpjHMsywjHaSwgz0QEmnhNCh0QTEYF4EslGSsb42ujhR3v3WPJZhhmVEVAqfhYxu1pPQaaA0ZKAzGs3pine23Y2fhmLt8pCURunmsQyTQsNotBSmoBMGIAMJHRpNRUYHgc74vDa6OJ4OScdVCpNQioAOmscyzLCM6ErhStism9AVdZeKWGgzuzlPItHbRhfHlTwIzxgW5uJh5kKF7gJNKTWPZZgUGhGVQiALWehSB+xBALshAR0RMMN0os1WFAaQn7iky5w5xuKYZCrzWIZJoRFdKUxDTjfwdfs0FdQAixFIm1mQbL9LNOeLyAnkVQp9dVXmsQyTQiO6Ujiks4Rl3Y3C0weJCDRniVVcmxWhLmpg6JnHMkwKjehLoYsH3R6FfmiBYaw+G5RZXoDv25YULaas38vmsQyTQqNdpHAB/AkWqK7FdA/fejYrzI23zavRxgj4EEBpTGKVeSzDpNCIrhS6tQjF2ngwXkcGqeh6fGOvksJqYCjmsQyTQqNdpNBVXXPrKco6TFrPqKPs3TsjedGuDTNzt1St1h7UziabxzJMCo3oSmEXpNTc3MBXSZNnzEInb37QXi1yfSHR+d/qZkyiul9Ww3Dr/j2zB8Ok0GgXKfRgvpYhTYRcoqWjTE6gtQjaKc6N1Q6BVqXQqaEzHbeTlzfGRZnHMkwKjehK4SAkIaejo55uzGTUqYYy8RZ+c5lSrSlUM4E91buJXJGnOmhL7A2TQqNtpLATnlMddFVEcppEatSjhn5k7aAcOniv7nUxsTGzhOaxDJNCI+pS6MFC9erSUg/fJokn5cgeudTKn1cbHo5tpq8viI2XOWweyzApNKIrhUAvFCGrPrBVphd5HfR0n8dSQ8pm+y2V1TIUIB5KGA50ytgbM14atgp/Agsxj2W0ymMlYD74kFNbjk6HdHd+9jYQ8EPd2GDPMx1a6MFL6mXD7sdNT5XGm9WpdvPLYzyTmMcyrPNutIUUAmlIw6B2QqPTrx4szJ4UJrSr6zfqli+36NSXdM+eUZIX13VdTJDh4o8XwZjHMkwKjfaQQkfX7BzSnszt5IJZKlaZ0Bn+qqAEDbk4QdNjcnfCUjoIN5aZpXmaxzJMCo32kMLZoDqdMDOyLd7lwNM6mn7oNhXdnHamJJMFKGucWWrusjKvOdVczGMZJoWGSeEEojH5kF9Mi3Mx08HBYou3MPBDsZXooZf2NJJLJtEMOneJCjPaXC7VdBk1j2WYYRkmhdNBQk45psuNYpqb40jrX8tQ1BVo0xNcLw+Z1p2+QL8nVbzLkN/jdw1SUARvZN9Sp/PTjrBjs7ZXuXkswwzLMCmc1JTDA4odOggoWpmimsZYmkl4uKOlUlil0JA897CKEdrJyNdfi9PRtSykZ61sl3kswwzLMCmclHLIrKurnEo6yighQQxqhzun1ETPG2iHu933NRs1pnWJXQ8iCQL5unU3N2s73prHMsywDJPCSQOecI5JEFLAcijs8bQyb0lzSuuJDROJ8nir3aal0sX69tFrIolEUjsIMZ1l9bVcf7V3UKcaztJKGPNYhhmWYVI4gQJWq9L7OnsotXOCVUFMhDZxKet67jriqQB2wfwZHaPT2+SsRVK1Aa4qoKdRclk7BaUJCo/4qpXmsQyTQsOYi1LoVC8R2qMuCG1RRkjpRHMw4yFJqNPF+34AQzOVQm+O7JUgEkA6tL+tS54pqitIQL62gFZMlwW6qlbF2W+DeSzDDMswKZwg6CqpZw8LXAIKkAuN5bnYsKRevv6lCYlkDgYhH+mtz32/FBpIToQeo0GiFzoxnp7UmEWFhkmhYcx9KXTb80go1BGtcuqHCltWV+n5ofUK9ZBM5qEEw5GWwkSyqPFgOdR3SGi4HAsVMXanqqC9DH9OhITmsQwzLMOkcCpTLmkeZDU7xI36lUNJIRPVe56cjmQeijAAPdG9a7oygxoQJyGmZdHcuGhes3pGTWjOsbLp5rEMMyzDpHBi3AL0Yug70KEhkKfjouNOI9YRT3XAbshCQZfsR/Buj3WAmy70NR5M6pJ50YKnscYuZTSPZZgUGiaFs0tWH2QgFirhOd1UTt+PqWQMNlcKfRUl0THLYsMWLhRiMU0frZbJ7tAOQhlyEIcEDJvHMkwKDaNtpLDKMGR0ltCb/i4V8bhTjSLsgr5m3YvVmbp4U0YlB4Pu0PxgGjogo9OnAWQhBcOzVknGPJZhhmWYFDaTasWxQA9vWhU9E4lANzbyYBc0YfvC8KBtNXxtqCIVY6J5tV2qgxnNJwqgE7KQg2xjPris56xa6i6mYah5LMOk0DApbDkptXUv5Jvrx/OTkNPaLM3JpQwXvmnOZF0x5oVmTWNacs3XDNwO6IRhSDeg9jda4ifQBFWBFHu6xYd5LMOk0DApnBHJWluXmcQ8Mc1FjUf3ogQBWpInvLQwpfteZKADemAIBhsQGFZPladfmT2uuGMeyzApNEwKp09M5a86+TYjFy+6m4MXKuEWMTwvB2lIh86HSwHKgFs42QF5HTsdbMCp93XhSqNqzpnHMkwKDZPCmUmAihk6eTWjO6VazKYYUSnU9YMJHSQuhipyp6EAnZDTScPBxpz6xtacM49lmBQaJoXT1L5YaBND0XmymS5NiIVm2SSKF0WkCFmIQw46oAwF3doxpSk0BR0gTTVmxtA8lmFSaJgUttCUY7pKYlQ5adGpqkJjNCwW0YtSLhe0d5CGnGa0oBOIKShpcmk3ZGHHXKm3Zh7LMMMyTArrEMFqybByaGIqpnN71Rm+RuigP7dqkdVNEJS1U+DWSA7rxkx+qHVp6NWz5cMADM+h9prHMsywDJPCcYOd0CZ81QCwPEYZG7FAIRnxy+IqbLskmWEYhIIOivp63VLQE7qMvgqieSzDpNAw5npU6IeitWoxGdEExqAxi8a96N84oltX7YIU5DT6i+l1c8v/ekPjza7Vc0MNzWMZZliGSeEYYiGJKuuk1yiKER3QbBZ5XUQ/DFkY0hIw4TC6E5K6BNPTCqW2da9hUmgYc04KPTXi8HKJsn5VN7UP7HrU4HQtoTXWBqAMGY2qA62CGoNe/dUl2Gyf/XNpHsswwzJMCuuQQtEVE7EZFpZpe9xZKUAB8pDVPNLqAHNSz2gaFoTqdZdh5yyfUfNYhhmWYVI4RgpjGueEha+6Yb3YlRifko52uo2ZXOiX1G6Fr4G1r1k0ZQ0YmWU1NI9lmGEZJoVjcE45FhLBcig8NCa+8UVzRwuhrNukSmFBNz0OIAGdUAqty9wxa7Ov5rGMJnosaXJViVjogaed0nLDfFW+6vryEb4U47bCDUoNq4sqadGvpG46Vwp5rBIMwxBkYRiGIdd6j1VthojI5qjfH5vbohmb2+hieAJQ3tLtRbglMrDUj34z2qMV2gzPes6Gdd4NMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMswzLAMMyzDDMsw9oT/D0nLISL9Zh8lAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Note that there are many different formulations for the Sparse PCA problem.
The one implemented here is based on [Mrl09] . The optimization problem solved
is a PCA problem (dictionary learning) with an \\(\ell_1\\) penalty on the
components:

\\[\begin{split}(U^*, V^*) = \underset{U, V}{\operatorname{arg\,min\,}} &
\frac{1}{2} ||X-UV||_2^2+\alpha||V||_1 \\\ \text{subject to } & ||U_k||_2 = 1
\text{ for all } 0 \leq k < n_{components}\end{split}\\]

The sparsity-inducing \\(\ell_1\\) norm also prevents learning components from
noise when few training samples are available. The degree of penalization (and
thus sparsity) can be adjusted through the hyperparameter `alpha`. Small
values lead to a gently regularized factorization, while larger values shrink
many coefficients to zero.

Note

While in the spirit of an online algorithm, the class `MiniBatchSparsePCA`
does not implement `partial_fit` because the algorithm is online along the
features direction, not the samples direction.

Examples:

  * Faces dataset decompositions

References:

`Mrl09`

    
“Online Dictionary Learning for Sparse Coding” J. Mairal, F. Bach, J. Ponce,
G. Sapiro, 2009

`Jen09`

    
“Structured Sparse Principal Component Analysis” R. Jenatton, G. Obozinski, F.
Bach, 2009

##  2.5.2. Truncated singular value decomposition and latent semantic analysis

`TruncatedSVD` implements a variant of singular value decomposition (SVD) that
only computes the \\(k\\) largest singular values, where \\(k\\) is a user-
specified parameter.

When truncated SVD is applied to term-document matrices (as returned by
`CountVectorizer` or `TfidfVectorizer`), this transformation is known as
latent semantic analysis (LSA), because it transforms such matrices to a
“semantic” space of low dimensionality. In particular, LSA is known to combat
the effects of synonymy and polysemy (both of which roughly mean there are
multiple meanings per word), which cause term-document matrices to be overly
sparse and exhibit poor similarity under measures such as cosine similarity.

Note

LSA is also known as latent semantic indexing, LSI, though strictly that
refers to its use in persistent indexes for information retrieval purposes.

Mathematically, truncated SVD applied to training samples \\(X\\) produces a
low-rank approximation \\(X\\):

\\[X \approx X_k = U_k \Sigma_k V_k^\top\\]

After this operation, \\(U_k \Sigma_k^\top\\) is the transformed training set
with \\(k\\) features (called `n_components` in the API).

To also transform a test set \\(X\\), we multiply it with \\(V_k\\):

\\[X' = X V_k\\]

Note

Most treatments of LSA in the natural language processing (NLP) and
information retrieval (IR) literature swap the axes of the matrix \\(X\\) so
that it has shape `n_features` × `n_samples`. We present LSA in a different
way that matches the scikit-learn API better, but the singular values found
are the same.

`TruncatedSVD` is very similar to `PCA`, but differs in that the matrix
\\(X\\) does not need to be centered. When the columnwise (per-feature) means
of \\(X\\) are subtracted from the feature values, truncated SVD on the
resulting matrix is equivalent to PCA. In practical terms, this means that the
`TruncatedSVD` transformer accepts `scipy.sparse` matrices without the need to
densify them, as densifying may fill up memory even for medium-sized document
collections.

While the `TruncatedSVD` transformer works with any feature matrix, using it
on tf–idf matrices is recommended over raw frequency counts in an LSA/document
processing setting. In particular, sublinear scaling and inverse document
frequency should be turned on (`sublinear_tf=True, use_idf=True`) to bring the
feature values closer to a Gaussian distribution, compensating for LSA’s
erroneous assumptions about textual data.

Examples:

  * Clustering text documents using k-means

References:

  * Christopher D. Manning, Prabhakar Raghavan and Hinrich Schütze (2008), Introduction to Information Retrieval, Cambridge University Press, chapter 18: Matrix decompositions & latent semantic indexing

##  2.5.3. Dictionary Learning

###  2.5.3.1. Sparse coding with a precomputed dictionary

The `SparseCoder` object is an estimator that can be used to transform signals
into sparse linear combination of atoms from a fixed, precomputed dictionary
such as a discrete wavelet basis. This object therefore does not implement a
`fit` method. The transformation amounts to a sparse coding problem: finding a
representation of the data as a linear combination of as few dictionary atoms
as possible. All variations of dictionary learning implement the following
transform methods, controllable via the `transform_method` initialization
parameter:

  * Orthogonal matching pursuit (Orthogonal Matching Pursuit (OMP))
  * Least-angle regression (Least Angle Regression)
  * Lasso computed by least-angle regression
  * Lasso using coordinate descent (Lasso)
  * Thresholding

Thresholding is very fast but it does not yield accurate reconstructions. They
have been shown useful in literature for classification tasks. For image
reconstruction tasks, orthogonal matching pursuit yields the most accurate,
unbiased reconstruction.

The dictionary learning objects offer, via the `split_code` parameter, the
possibility to separate the positive and negative values in the results of
sparse coding. This is useful when dictionary learning is used for extracting
features that will be used for supervised learning, because it allows the
learning algorithm to assign different weights to negative loadings of a
particular atom, from to the corresponding positive loading.

The split code for a single sample has length `2 * n_components` and is
constructed using the following rule: First, the regular code of length
`n_components` is computed. Then, the first `n_components` entries of the
`split_code` are filled with the positive part of the regular code vector. The
second half of the split code is filled with the negative part of the code
vector, only with a positive sign. Therefore, the split_code is non-negative.

Examples:

  * Sparse coding with a precomputed dictionary

###  2.5.3.2. Generic dictionary learning

Dictionary learning (`DictionaryLearning`) is a matrix factorization problem
that amounts to finding a (usually overcomplete) dictionary that will perform
well at sparsely encoding the fitted data.

Representing data as sparse combinations of atoms from an overcomplete
dictionary is suggested to be the way the mammalian primary visual cortex
works. Consequently, dictionary learning applied on image patches has been
shown to give good results in image processing tasks such as image completion,
inpainting and denoising, as well as for supervised recognition tasks.

Dictionary learning is an optimization problem solved by alternatively
updating the sparse code, as a solution to multiple Lasso problems,
considering the dictionary fixed, and then updating the dictionary to best fit
the sparse code.

\\[\begin{split}(U^*, V^*) = \underset{U, V}{\operatorname{arg\,min\,}} &
\frac{1}{2} ||X-UV||_2^2+\alpha||U||_1 \\\ \text{subject to } & ||V_k||_2 = 1
\text{ for all } 0 \leq k < n_{\mathrm{atoms}}\end{split}\\]

![pca_img2](data:image/png;base64,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)
![dict_img2](data:image/png;base64,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)

After using such a procedure to fit the dictionary, the transform is simply a
sparse coding step that shares the same implementation with all dictionary
learning objects (see Sparse coding with a precomputed dictionary).

It is also possible to constrain the dictionary and/or code to be positive to
match constraints that may be present in the data. Below are the faces with
different positivity constraints applied. Red indicates negative values, blue
indicates positive values, and white represents zeros.

![dict_img_pos1](data:image/png;base64,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)
![dict_img_pos2](data:image/png;base64,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)

![dict_img_pos3](data:image/png;base64,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)
![dict_img_pos4](data:image/png;base64,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)

The following image shows how a dictionary learned from 4x4 pixel image
patches extracted from part of the image of a raccoon face looks like.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_image_denoising_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * Image denoising using dictionary learning

References:

  * “Online dictionary learning for sparse coding” J. Mairal, F. Bach, J. Ponce, G. Sapiro, 2009

###  2.5.3.3. Mini-batch dictionary learning

`MiniBatchDictionaryLearning` implements a faster, but less accurate version
of the dictionary learning algorithm that is better suited for large datasets.

By default, `MiniBatchDictionaryLearning` divides the data into mini-batches
and optimizes in an online manner by cycling over the mini-batches for the
specified number of iterations. However, at the moment it does not implement a
stopping condition.

The estimator also implements `partial_fit`, which updates the dictionary by
iterating only once over a mini-batch. This can be used for online learning
when the data is not readily available from the start, or for when the data
does not fit into the memory.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_dict_face_patches_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Clustering for dictionary learning

Note that when using dictionary learning to extract a representation (e.g. for
sparse coding) clustering can be a good proxy to learn the dictionary. For
instance the `MiniBatchKMeans` estimator is computationally efficient and
implements on-line learning with a `partial_fit` method.

Example: Online learning of a dictionary of parts of faces

##  2.5.4. Factor Analysis

In unsupervised learning we only have a dataset \\(X = \\{x_1, x_2, \dots, x_n
\\}\\). How can this dataset be described mathematically? A very simple
`continuous latent variable` model for \\(X\\) is

\\[x_i = W h_i + \mu + \epsilon\\]

The vector \\(h_i\\) is called “latent” because it is unobserved.
\\(\epsilon\\) is considered a noise term distributed according to a Gaussian
with mean 0 and covariance \\(\Psi\\) (i.e. \\(\epsilon \sim \mathcal{N}(0,
\Psi)\\)), \\(\mu\\) is some arbitrary offset vector. Such a model is called
“generative” as it describes how \\(x_i\\) is generated from \\(h_i\\). If we
use all the \\(x_i\\)’s as columns to form a matrix \\(\mathbf{X}\\) and all
the \\(h_i\\)’s as columns of a matrix \\(\mathbf{H}\\) then we can write
(with suitably defined \\(\mathbf{M}\\) and \\(\mathbf{E}\\)):

\\[\mathbf{X} = W \mathbf{H} + \mathbf{M} + \mathbf{E}\\]

In other words, we decomposed matrix \\(\mathbf{X}\\).

If \\(h_i\\) is given, the above equation automatically implies the following
probabilistic interpretation:

\\[p(x_i|h_i) = \mathcal{N}(Wh_i + \mu, \Psi)\\]

For a complete probabilistic model we also need a prior distribution for the
latent variable \\(h\\). The most straightforward assumption (based on the
nice properties of the Gaussian distribution) is \\(h \sim \mathcal{N}(0,
\mathbf{I})\\). This yields a Gaussian as the marginal distribution of
\\(x\\):

\\[p(x) = \mathcal{N}(\mu, WW^T + \Psi)\\]

Now, without any further assumptions the idea of having a latent variable
\\(h\\) would be superfluous – \\(x\\) can be completely modelled with a mean
and a covariance. We need to impose some more specific structure on one of
these two parameters. A simple additional assumption regards the structure of
the error covariance \\(\Psi\\):

  * \\(\Psi = \sigma^2 \mathbf{I}\\): This assumption leads to the probabilistic model of `PCA`.
  * \\(\Psi = \mathrm{diag}(\psi_1, \psi_2, \dots, \psi_n)\\): This model is called `FactorAnalysis`, a classical statistical model. The matrix W is sometimes called the “factor loading matrix”.

Both models essentially estimate a Gaussian with a low-rank covariance matrix.
Because both models are probabilistic they can be integrated in more complex
models, e.g. Mixture of Factor Analysers. One gets very different models (e.g.
`FastICA`) if non-Gaussian priors on the latent variables are assumed.

Factor analysis can produce similar components (the columns of its loading
matrix) to `PCA`. However, one can not make any general statements about these
components (e.g. whether they are orthogonal):

![pca_img3](data:image/png;base64,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)
![fa_img3](data:image/png;base64,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)

The main advantage for Factor Analysis over `PCA` is that it can model the
variance in every direction of the input space independently (heteroscedastic
noise):

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_faces_decomposition_0081.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

This allows better model selection than probabilistic PCA in the presence of
heteroscedastic noise:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_pca_vs_fa_model_selection_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Factor Analysis is often followed by a rotation of the factors (with the
parameter `rotation`), usually to improve interpretability. For example,
Varimax rotation maximizes the sum of the variances of the squared loadings,
i.e., it tends to produce sparser factors, which are influenced by only a few
features each (the “simple structure”). See e.g., the first example below.

Examples:

  * Factor Analysis (with rotation) to visualize patterns
  * Model selection with Probabilistic PCA and Factor Analysis (FA)

##  2.5.5. Independent component analysis (ICA)

Independent component analysis separates a multivariate signal into additive
subcomponents that are maximally independent. It is implemented in scikit-
learn using the `Fast ICA` algorithm. Typically, ICA is not used for reducing
dimensionality but for separating superimposed signals. Since the ICA model
does not include a noise term, for the model to be correct, whitening must be
applied. This can be done internally using the whiten argument or manually
using one of the PCA variants.

It is classically used to separate mixed signals (a problem known as blind
source separation), as in the example below:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_ica_blind_source_separation_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

ICA can also be used as yet another non linear decomposition that finds
components with some sparsity:

![pca_img4](data:image/png;base64,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)
![ica_img4](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * Blind source separation using FastICA
  * FastICA on 2D point clouds
  * Faces dataset decompositions

##  2.5.6. Non-negative matrix factorization (NMF or NNMF)

###  2.5.6.1. NMF with the Frobenius norm

`NMF` 1 is an alternative approach to decomposition that assumes that the data
and the components are non-negative. `NMF` can be plugged in instead of `PCA`
or its variants, in the cases where the data matrix does not contain negative
values. It finds a decomposition of samples \\(X\\) into two matrices \\(W\\)
and \\(H\\) of non-negative elements, by optimizing the distance \\(d\\)
between \\(X\\) and the matrix product \\(WH\\). The most widely used distance
function is the squared Frobenius norm, which is an obvious extension of the
Euclidean norm to matrices:

\\[d_{\mathrm{Fro}}(X, Y) = \frac{1}{2} ||X - Y||_{\mathrm{Fro}}^2 =
\frac{1}{2} \sum_{i,j} (X_{ij} - {Y}_{ij})^2\\]

Unlike `PCA`, the representation of a vector is obtained in an additive
fashion, by superimposing the components, without subtracting. Such additive
models are efficient for representing images and text.

It has been observed in [Hoyer, 2004] 2 that, when carefully constrained,
`NMF` can produce a parts-based representation of the dataset, resulting in
interpretable models. The following example displays 16 sparse components
found by `NMF` from the images in the Olivetti faces dataset, in comparison
with the PCA eigenfaces.

![pca_img5](data:image/png;base64,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)
![nmf_img5](data:image/png;base64,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)

The `init` attribute determines the initialization method applied, which has a
great impact on the performance of the method. `NMF` implements the method
Nonnegative Double Singular Value Decomposition. NNDSVD 4 is based on two SVD
processes, one approximating the data matrix, the other approximating positive
sections of the resulting partial SVD factors utilizing an algebraic property
of unit rank matrices. The basic NNDSVD algorithm is better fit for sparse
factorization. Its variants NNDSVDa (in which all zeros are set equal to the
mean of all elements of the data), and NNDSVDar (in which the zeros are set to
random perturbations less than the mean of the data divided by 100) are
recommended in the dense case.

Note that the Multiplicative Update (‘mu’) solver cannot update zeros present
in the initialization, so it leads to poorer results when used jointly with
the basic NNDSVD algorithm which introduces a lot of zeros; in this case,
NNDSVDa or NNDSVDar should be preferred.

`NMF` can also be initialized with correctly scaled random non-negative
matrices by setting `init="random"`. An integer seed or a `RandomState` can
also be passed to `random_state` to control reproducibility.

In `NMF`, L1 and L2 priors can be added to the loss function in order to
regularize the model. The L2 prior uses the Frobenius norm, while the L1 prior
uses an elementwise L1 norm. As in `ElasticNet`, we control the combination of
L1 and L2 with the `l1_ratio` (\\(\rho\\)) parameter, and the intensity of the
regularization with the `alpha` (\\(\alpha\\)) parameter. Then the priors
terms are:

\\[\alpha \rho ||W||_1 + \alpha \rho ||H||_1 + \frac{\alpha(1-\rho)}{2}
||W||_{\mathrm{Fro}} ^ 2 + \frac{\alpha(1-\rho)}{2} ||H||_{\mathrm{Fro}} ^
2\\]

and the regularized objective function is:

\\[d_{\mathrm{Fro}}(X, WH) + \alpha \rho ||W||_1 + \alpha \rho ||H||_1 +
\frac{\alpha(1-\rho)}{2} ||W||_{\mathrm{Fro}} ^ 2 + \frac{\alpha(1-\rho)}{2}
||H||_{\mathrm{Fro}} ^ 2\\]

`NMF` regularizes both W and H by default. The `regularization` parameter
allows for finer control, with which only W, only H, or both can be
regularized.

###  2.5.6.2. NMF with a beta-divergence

As described previously, the most widely used distance function is the squared
Frobenius norm, which is an obvious extension of the Euclidean norm to
matrices:

\\[d_{\mathrm{Fro}}(X, Y) = \frac{1}{2} ||X - Y||_{Fro}^2 = \frac{1}{2}
\sum_{i,j} (X_{ij} - {Y}_{ij})^2\\]

Other distance functions can be used in NMF as, for example, the (generalized)
Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence, also referred as I-divergence:

\\[d_{KL}(X, Y) = \sum_{i,j} (X_{ij} \log(\frac{X_{ij}}{Y_{ij}}) - X_{ij} +
Y_{ij})\\]

Or, the Itakura-Saito (IS) divergence:

\\[d_{IS}(X, Y) = \sum_{i,j} (\frac{X_{ij}}{Y_{ij}} -
\log(\frac{X_{ij}}{Y_{ij}}) - 1)\\]

These three distances are special cases of the beta-divergence family, with
\\(\beta = 2, 1, 0\\) respectively 6. The beta-divergence are defined by :

\\[d_{\beta}(X, Y) = \sum_{i,j} \frac{1}{\beta(\beta - 1)}(X_{ij}^\beta +
(\beta-1)Y_{ij}^\beta - \beta X_{ij} Y_{ij}^{\beta - 1})\\]

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_beta_divergence_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Note that this definition is not valid if \\(\beta \in (0; 1)\\), yet it can
be continuously extended to the definitions of \\(d_{KL}\\) and \\(d_{IS}\\)
respectively.

`NMF` implements two solvers, using Coordinate Descent (‘cd’) 5, and
Multiplicative Update (‘mu’) 6. The ‘mu’ solver can optimize every beta-
divergence, including of course the Frobenius norm (\\(\beta=2\\)), the
(generalized) Kullback-Leibler divergence (\\(\beta=1\\)) and the Itakura-
Saito divergence (\\(\beta=0\\)). Note that for \\(\beta \in (1; 2)\\), the
‘mu’ solver is significantly faster than for other values of \\(\beta\\). Note
also that with a negative (or 0, i.e. ‘itakura-saito’) \\(\beta\\), the input
matrix cannot contain zero values.

The ‘cd’ solver can only optimize the Frobenius norm. Due to the underlying
non-convexity of NMF, the different solvers may converge to different minima,
even when optimizing the same distance function.

NMF is best used with the `fit_transform` method, which returns the matrix W.
The matrix H is stored into the fitted model in the `components_` attribute;
the method `transform` will decompose a new matrix X_new based on these stored
components:

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> X = np.array([[1, 1], [2, 1], [3, 1.2], [4, 1], [5, 0.8], [6, 1]])
    >>> from sklearn.decomposition import NMF
    >>> model = NMF(n_components=2, init='random', random_state=0)
    >>> W = model.fit_transform(X)
    >>> H = model.components_
    >>> X_new = np.array([[1, 0], [1, 6.1], [1, 0], [1, 4], [3.2, 1], [0, 4]])
    >>> W_new = model.transform(X_new)
    
Examples:

  * Faces dataset decompositions
  * Topic extraction with Non-negative Matrix Factorization and Latent Dirichlet Allocation
  * Beta-divergence loss functions

References:

`1`

    
“Learning the parts of objects by non-negative matrix factorization” D. Lee,
S. Seung, 1999

`2`

    
“Non-negative Matrix Factorization with Sparseness Constraints” P. Hoyer, 2004

`4`

    
“SVD based initialization: A head start for nonnegative matrix factorization”
C. Boutsidis, E. Gallopoulos, 2008

`5`

    
“Fast local algorithms for large scale nonnegative matrix and tensor
factorizations.” A. Cichocki, A. Phan, 2009

`6(1,2)`

    
“Algorithms for nonnegative matrix factorization with the beta-divergence” C.
Fevotte, J. Idier, 2011

##  2.5.7. Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA)

Latent Dirichlet Allocation is a generative probabilistic model for
collections of discrete dataset such as text corpora. It is also a topic model
that is used for discovering abstract topics from a collection of documents.

The graphical model of LDA is a three-level generative model:

![../_images/lda_model_graph.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Note on notations presented in the graphical model above, which can be found
in Hoffman et al. (2013):

  * The corpus is a collection of \\(D\\) documents.
  * A document is a sequence of \\(N\\) words.
  * There are \\(K\\) topics in the corpus.
  * The boxes represent repeated sampling.

In the graphical model, each node is a random variable and has a role in the
generative process. A shaded node indicates an observed variable and an
unshaded node indicates a hidden (latent) variable. In this case, words in the
corpus are the only data that we observe. The latent variables determine the
random mixture of topics in the corpus and the distribution of words in the
documents. The goal of LDA is to use the observed words to infer the hidden
topic structure.

When modeling text corpora, the model assumes the following generative process
for a corpus with \\(D\\) documents and \\(K\\) topics, with \\(K\\)
corresponding to `n_components` in the API:

  1. For each topic \\(k \in K\\), draw \\(\beta_k \sim \mathrm{Dirichlet}(\eta)\\). This provides a distribution over the words, i.e. the probability of a word appearing in topic \\(k\\). \\(\eta\\) corresponds to `topic_word_prior`.
  2. For each document \\(d \in D\\), draw the topic proportions \\(\theta_d \sim \mathrm{Dirichlet}(\alpha)\\). \\(\alpha\\) corresponds to `doc_topic_prior`.
  3. For each word \\(i\\) in document \\(d\\):

  1. Draw the topic assignment \\(z_{di} \sim \mathrm{Multinomial} (\theta_d)\\)
  2. Draw the observed word \\(w_{ij} \sim \mathrm{Multinomial} (\beta_{z_{di}})\\)

For parameter estimation, the posterior distribution is:

\\[p(z, \theta, \beta |w, \alpha, \eta) = \frac{p(z, \theta, \beta|\alpha,
\eta)}{p(w|\alpha, \eta)}\\]

Since the posterior is intractable, variational Bayesian method uses a simpler distribution \\(q(z,\theta,\beta | \lambda, \phi, \gamma)\\) to approximate it, and those variational parameters \\(\lambda\\), \\(\phi\\), \\(\gamma\\) are optimized to maximize the Evidence Lower Bound (ELBO):
\\[\log\: P(w | \alpha, \eta) \geq L(w,\phi,\gamma,\lambda) \overset{\triangle}{=} E_{q}[\log\:p(w,z,\theta,\beta|\alpha,\eta)] - E_{q}[\log\:q(z, \theta, \beta)]\\]
Maximizing ELBO is equivalent to minimizing the Kullback-Leibler(KL)
divergence between \\(q(z,\theta,\beta)\\) and the true posterior \\(p(z,
\theta, \beta |w, \alpha, \eta)\\).

`LatentDirichletAllocation` implements the online variational Bayes algorithm
and supports both online and batch update methods. While the batch method
updates variational variables after each full pass through the data, the
online method updates variational variables from mini-batch data points.

Note

Although the online method is guaranteed to converge to a local optimum point,
the quality of the optimum point and the speed of convergence may depend on
mini-batch size and attributes related to learning rate setting.

When `LatentDirichletAllocation` is applied on a “document-term” matrix, the
matrix will be decomposed into a “topic-term” matrix and a “document-topic”
matrix. While “topic-term” matrix is stored as `components_` in the model,
“document-topic” matrix can be calculated from `transform` method.

`LatentDirichletAllocation` also implements `partial_fit` method. This is used
when data can be fetched sequentially.

Examples:

  * Topic extraction with Non-negative Matrix Factorization and Latent Dirichlet Allocation

References:

  * “Latent Dirichlet Allocation” D. Blei, A. Ng, M. Jordan, 2003
  * “Online Learning for Latent Dirichlet Allocation” M. Hoffman, D. Blei, F. Bach, 2010
  * “Stochastic Variational Inference” M. Hoffman, D. Blei, C. Wang, J. Paisley, 2013
  * “The varimax criterion for analytic rotation in factor analysis” H. F. Kaiser, 1958

See also Dimensionality reduction for dimensionality reduction with
Neighborhood Components Analysis.

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/decomposition.html

