# 1.7. Gaussian Processes

Gaussian Processes (GP) are a generic supervised learning method designed to
solve regression and probabilistic classification problems.

The advantages of Gaussian processes are:

  * The prediction interpolates the observations (at least for regular kernels).
  * The prediction is probabilistic (Gaussian) so that one can compute empirical confidence intervals and decide based on those if one should refit (online fitting, adaptive fitting) the prediction in some region of interest.
  * Versatile: different kernels can be specified. Common kernels are provided, but it is also possible to specify custom kernels.

The disadvantages of Gaussian processes include:

  * They are not sparse, i.e., they use the whole samples/features information to perform the prediction.
  * They lose efficiency in high dimensional spaces – namely when the number of features exceeds a few dozens.

##  1.7.1. Gaussian Process Regression (GPR)

The `GaussianProcessRegressor` implements Gaussian processes (GP) for
regression purposes. For this, the prior of the GP needs to be specified. The
prior mean is assumed to be constant and zero (for `normalize_y=False`) or the
training data’s mean (for `normalize_y=True`). The prior’s covariance is
specified by passing a kernel object. The hyperparameters of the kernel are
optimized during fitting of GaussianProcessRegressor by maximizing the log-
marginal-likelihood (LML) based on the passed `optimizer`. As the LML may have
multiple local optima, the optimizer can be started repeatedly by specifying
`n_restarts_optimizer`. The first run is always conducted starting from the
initial hyperparameter values of the kernel; subsequent runs are conducted
from hyperparameter values that have been chosen randomly from the range of
allowed values. If the initial hyperparameters should be kept fixed, `None`
can be passed as optimizer.

The noise level in the targets can be specified by passing it via the
parameter `alpha`, either globally as a scalar or per datapoint. Note that a
moderate noise level can also be helpful for dealing with numeric issues
during fitting as it is effectively implemented as Tikhonov regularization,
i.e., by adding it to the diagonal of the kernel matrix. An alternative to
specifying the noise level explicitly is to include a WhiteKernel component
into the kernel, which can estimate the global noise level from the data (see
example below).

The implementation is based on Algorithm 2.1 of [RW2006]. In addition to the
API of standard scikit-learn estimators, GaussianProcessRegressor:

  * allows prediction without prior fitting (based on the GP prior)
  * provides an additional method `sample_y(X)`, which evaluates samples drawn from the GPR (prior or posterior) at given inputs
  * exposes a method `log_marginal_likelihood(theta)`, which can be used externally for other ways of selecting hyperparameters, e.g., via Markov chain Monte Carlo.

##  1.7.2. GPR examples

###  1.7.2.1. GPR with noise-level estimation

This example illustrates that GPR with a sum-kernel including a WhiteKernel
can estimate the noise level of data. An illustration of the log-marginal-
likelihood (LML) landscape shows that there exist two local maxima of LML.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_noisy_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The first corresponds to a model with a high noise level and a large length
scale, which explains all variations in the data by noise.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_noisy_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The second one has a smaller noise level and shorter length scale, which
explains most of the variation by the noise-free functional relationship. The
second model has a higher likelihood; however, depending on the initial value
for the hyperparameters, the gradient-based optimization might also converge
to the high-noise solution. It is thus important to repeat the optimization
several times for different initializations.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_noisy_0031.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.2.2. Comparison of GPR and Kernel Ridge Regression

Both kernel ridge regression (KRR) and GPR learn a target function by
employing internally the “kernel trick”. KRR learns a linear function in the
space induced by the respective kernel which corresponds to a non-linear
function in the original space. The linear function in the kernel space is
chosen based on the mean-squared error loss with ridge regularization. GPR
uses the kernel to define the covariance of a prior distribution over the
target functions and uses the observed training data to define a likelihood
function. Based on Bayes theorem, a (Gaussian) posterior distribution over
target functions is defined, whose mean is used for prediction.

A major difference is that GPR can choose the kernel’s hyperparameters based
on gradient-ascent on the marginal likelihood function while KRR needs to
perform a grid search on a cross-validated loss function (mean-squared error
loss). A further difference is that GPR learns a generative, probabilistic
model of the target function and can thus provide meaningful confidence
intervals and posterior samples along with the predictions while KRR only
provides predictions.

The following figure illustrates both methods on an artificial dataset, which
consists of a sinusoidal target function and strong noise. The figure compares
the learned model of KRR and GPR based on a ExpSineSquared kernel, which is
suited for learning periodic functions. The kernel’s hyperparameters control
the smoothness (length_scale) and periodicity of the kernel (periodicity).
Moreover, the noise level of the data is learned explicitly by GPR by an
additional WhiteKernel component in the kernel and by the regularization
parameter alpha of KRR.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_compare_gpr_krr_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA+gAAAH0CAMAAACZ9vcfAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX/6MzW1tZA4NAAAID39/cyGwD/jAD///8AAADx8fEzHAABAQH/58z/58q/v7/8/Pz95cr/27AcHBy9popJMhbLtJguLi6tra3/2q7/3LL/48D//fz/5sj/+fH//v7/4LofHx//3bX/4bz/+/f/37j/5campqZ/f3//5MO3oIRfX1/g4OApKSn/2a3/9u3/4r8HBgb/8uITExMyMjL6+vrx17kNDAvk5OTT09ND4M//792fn5/858z/9OdJ4M8+Pj4kJCSUlJT/7dj/6tH/jQP/mRz+/v5ISEh0dHTb29v19fXu7u4JCYJMKQC0tLRTU1MYGBjLy8tvb284M5D/ojI5OTnL5c3/kxAqJ4yKiorR0dH/kAkdHIsQEIXn5+ePj4/258xlZWX/7NVMTEw1NTX/uGNR4M9qamr/pz2FhYWwsLB5eXnHx8f/slb/zZD/rEjv58y25M354slYWFj/0pzt18bB5c7lz8P4iwXd5sz/vnD/nSag5M6C4s703sj/yIVf4c+q5M09IQDCwsJm4tD/lhb/1qXV5s2rqqqjo6OL487q6+sYF4eW485Y4c+omLLbx8FtY5914s7/w3qampqFeqf29vZ74s5dXV15bqRgV5y5ublU49XTv76RhKu9vLxFQJVt4c+7qrjj5sxFRUXPz89QUFCcjq7n58xOSJVAQEDvgwdWTpmyorTq58zeexEiEgE6LBM8y8I/18nz8/Pfli/MuLxC3szDsbrukxtCQkLFoXWYVTUUC3UqGWypsl9lPAzIpT9DJV/JbhNQ2L+2ZSI0rb3ZroXipFU+uqhdM1B3xpY2RCs/oY+pi3HPr5Hty6GQvHmFSkBzP0SWyKiWcXoQCFg5W0SXUwKQeV2ZgWXVlFcpjLFi0K7evqaxc0mfh5Z2r7wPMJEaW6EWQ5c5iHPGdSlwz7w5cl2MblS1qZSzmp0gcKizoItqVH6TZGC1unXFuqxfPmXix4dUv8HHijG1t6AtbJ/O0aC5koXO3brx593x38yiqLfMwb/W4IDylc9AAAAgAElEQVR42uydz2vqzBrHX7nCMxJQcDHdZqWQZBFiUMGFycYfFTT64sJyUIJCsbrzT/BdtLiVUvCCm7aLrl31r7szSfzR6ttzTu+5L7ee7+dwdEwm4yTOZ56ZiW3/IADA2fMHLgEAEB0AANEBABAdAADRAQAQHQAA0QEAEB0AANEBgOgAAIgOAIDoAACIDgCA6AAAiA4AgOgAAIgOAEQHAEB0AABEBwBAdAAARAcAQHQAAEQHAEB0ACA6AACiAwAgOgAAogMAIDoAAKIDACA6AACiAwAgOgAQHQAA0QEAEB0AANEBABAdAADRfyeuNMc0Hb8tklnGmKl2GkQlkVK8Wf2XvEOS3YrHy6pZ+rH8mrpLyQo5tYRMs+x2a4np+NggOvgplqYxWK/dLqtL0VfTVUfpVoRLpWlybHqNXyZ6omve0E+Lbk6nK589yvS0ANEhOvgkc2VoB4nbghR9IVIPbC5cCiP892Pw5Y+JvuD55NGOVPx7oufl48s7sSE6RAc/SdXs71+EorssE4neZONoz4AFo/iaKTKsX/Nmdx1kb7csj+ozz/Ren7aDa1UT9tdU08pl9qLrjiULpL6fNtWs6Fp01huryirLirO8p8mxecXlptWqnxC9xqbbofu0a3qTpRQ9XvPMclu+2b5QANHBSVJml96L3mGrSHSXXUR7FuZE5vZaRHfK80VzqKxldnWyviHDuZtf1JKHovv5QbLZc3eiZ9PpWOB5Wl2ux6YmRU+/XKz0LDOy64HcQL5ZW2UMr38sekt2L0HpsbyRuamqUvSZMlkN0nntsFAA0cFJ+mwW+G7bdkWa27cbd2Y6LkSf2puVV96FyVY6JSN8ky6toTyAj2R2afaCDaI8e9H589uhO1MCz0UHIAfdPRYTojt20LX0xOO1WaFpUEzBrL0V3bYXrjLZlj6T44+UIUSPMbkxw7TDQgFEBx+JzhmTxslVd8a6sXDVnTFjvxbXFGGeWl6K1uxC9Ar2RNmI7FdyyO2kB0+pt6Jr5iR5fyD6UHkJ5vLpoTw2xlwheiccQ0g9l6xPE2Uh93VH71fdWVjFoHRvGB6ki8GGHHLYMo7vCwUQHXw0dI+1b0LR1+0nOUwWot+1kz6r7jN6M2rIcHvHIvRopE+65jGrkzgUfZM1mPlc38/Rl8rLRqTM6NisnKPvJwtydc2PdjlvV93b7eZLuFIgS1d8CmYUOo1ZQSY97bBQANHBaYbRYpweir6INodzdD+4AR5SMxuuDL8r5rYD7IPs9bFUMJjHUz6cLPdLnrEXnUpKWZjuPYbHFo5FnyjzYNfV0Rw9bpj6RxF9XyiA6OA029trJ0VvWEZqm1EMjUcy+m+s6+2mfXYx+BdDbkMOANZsuyrWYZd70UPT/d2N+SPR5/tO5f1iXJL5R3P0Iqvt5ui/5m4/gOjnjGtyd53MtNjyWHTqsbtdxm5aZpGr7rPb+UX2epv9quyu1hO5YDZWsmvXkRF9lL2ZL63uQUQPTe+rhrtuusMTEZ38fK2ZzFy7x6JTVYZ0KXrRlKvu6WjVfR2tuu8KBRAd/B1PmmqazsOaTogeV51dSF8yMxEOAoaWmR7ebrMvNCOf5wORz66lzfKTnKNPRpbpdBZvRBc9RDex6Mgb7JPNCdGpNMqLerRPiF5UtIP76LXdffTuNC+X9HaFAogOzpEpy+AiQHRwxqyyzfXAc+K4EhAdnHMw71qmp/VxISA6AOCcRR+H37oCAJyx6G2VQ3QAzlz0jbMuQ3QAzlz0hw5tRY8nEolGPQHAb08hdWaiZ3h8J3qWAQACCucluu490ZuIrrMCunPw2wd0ljgv0W+Yoiji/26gkvgnzhCA/28S5yZ6oigYPRQJogNwvqIHHK66Q3QAIPrXIBUH4HOkzlj0f7wr+x+ziQHwWTYQ/avE85h+j8gEPsW9HktB9K9BPHaPSSb4JPexOET/KqLjp67Bf9d6IPqZiM65oXA+Q7sGEP28I7puBU/4E2QAop+76Or4ZZbMERVVolU3N5qjnUN0iP6VPqo/v53mz7ei+xWKRK93E1T3EN8hOkT/Sh/Vt3+d5ttb0ae0Fd21OOdeHQ0dokP084voRaI5l79kh9wHtHEA0c90ji5EL+QX1BFDd0ukp2jnEB2in6foNFZfsnIxbsQN3G4DEP3MRAcAokN0ANEhOkQHEB2iQ3QA0SE6RAcQHaJDdADRITpEBxAdokN0ANEh+g61SPHhzNbS3Hi4FC8N7oyjXQOZiD8at6SXt9lLrW1Kfjd+T1LbJafceY3+/vjYcSbiaek4vk2bR8s6fGMitvmwappLpez2ha5wzrvvcuhDsXFN7uDddrtjcGPwQxdJfl+o0tWp3Dy9/2b6/lSPOXkeScUNE42ZY8irQFlW/KCQm9rhq2xtf1btGTV6J44YO4qs9MTgo3W45Y4brzpVyjrRFecFWaoP0SF6KHqi7KekVHa5F3hfyIffgL1XZfudOtKGnxC94iSpF361bm5s4rkV6V6/MlxSfP30HdHtj0S3TlR+KFxY6Mfbey2b4h9YlXor+q2o/N+JLirxKdETo2Ek+rO4rLLja1fVD6r07tyztaPu6IhpPah0856erOCTjnl9KlWJLoIP47kkH3N1iA7RpW/J3CRqz7Xr8Muwo9swPDzsfNafyX7MGbNLKXqSa7nck3i65kZ7u326+03ZbUNcPDNot9eiibsa9US5zfL75jqSglRqw8t6dcTFu7NeuaZdvzrPNtmTEZ81ZJ0yvXdN/S4Xrwx7pPmvhhYnfrG1ovQ447JN341y5SJ1otpMnHItt/25vO0ZVB9y0/ZLLieOdZ3yRJT7ug5ET/gjLkYe5VrZEXGw8GoMh27TSvNldKohS4PzKcUeuaj0YMRH00D06CT2+Lda+Lquht1KvKsfiK5Oyo7opQ7OXXahPYPPEpRoGY8PtcD1HuejS1H/qsJzbaNC1H3TH217p1ReRm+6FZIvlAXZViL6SEXYn0D030H0v/59mr92Lc6aRIErIQeAoi3GnMUulgkXqlGgXlBFiCtFZ0m6NShptsl93G6XBGNFupAHWEGYHYoeo/kS+B5TT8Qltphdp1KjGF3yNjExUdC696luhsYime1EFSjw/dBddD3+da9aIY1vUsL3TL5bm4ei53Wa+DSvxuWP4RXThp9J0Y3MtRN9ewb5OjVyfVqo/SsRAa8tss3LwBn/jir+gMqt1L06pdaY9LwbRvTwVEOEU/bGdsSpLcQ/mhr/Ye/8XZNptjiOl3BPJBBhi7HdygWdQtxlfcDCtXjVzYI/wmuhRUQUxGjnn2CTYCshkBfSRIvUqfzr7jnzwx0Tnzy5l+c2eXaqZH/NnPF8Zs4Zd74S6NqINhOlAK22aj7c9kbuyxaH0RqYoOexAQvTduzZFo/QPmjiOUuAXumlIcpg+0XP9Z6hG9ShJ+vIGKBvZB+FnRCG5zgivT6BHLcxqpokoP8JoP/zr9Pln4PHPQYEJeboxV2dcnR+oXLDF5ouXV+pzWTmjFmPAvRAuPslevg20Mfjchr0HydBd9HBU0X0WvsezjG8zeOV1zOY4KTJx5qU4+D1jFmIVx5vvEX0omyz1BdIjPHAHpoW7abHmOB5FjToUXB7AF1bgO1r+XiZdTnEiRvTiRtfMkM78YMpVLHVu3so4bC1U6BLU1Ukvh+G0hyApypnFx6Cro3QJWJr3fzsxSU8Wd7itX4E+oosNW3Hnm3ORD0unROgtysqqBLW3+0gf7zwoEB/tlKq73sTxx8ALDfUYx0LTQitBPRkRhc5ep9IR68s2DUxoz8XB9KjcyL0U0n5fTUNw3YM+o3CRx2Py1dDdwK9+ZrG2TdOdEUC4YBaWzoJesGywhh0oN+7FqC3RR3NQ04PN+eRAl3ttI8tkK0BUKCniwr08EAPEmaCrlS2ZGjT7Qc5+Z/nd9FP3rDp2gg9o69Ktu2XRGO6lhj4Zh3bvui0jkE3bcd2UXu3HNhPQPfsbSmCjzP6pbWN++mGwpMdDTnOIw7cMAgS0JMcXa669+2C8OfbzoOYdK7HMvMVfvqsQr/aDtKuBP18JUJ3pUgjjxsLXfFi3KVcjAtpMa52gHW/iBexhpPI4+jNYWSC7oyv4OrHSdC9XoV+yV6F7rdXUG/uDNBXaEqmCyucIVulTAuv2rl6p31sAUQdHEq23qCzptAd7FAwk8cEPQo16DsZuhN8JugeXju/9jiF7uniGmYCdG3E+2U8Ghj4ALolT/U1zOVRewSRvTBtp9CdpWGKoTudE6Df69A9EiPnzHq3hi5AX8Wc30DmkVbxOIUOcvbPtRPQE9CV8w3tgvDK1774NyqJhafBxFxcT+/5y7UEnU3FYpz0fnU8ztHp67VX/KuBD3FsW369ZiND4HYuMHTOlMrGavWG3YRjxqtlE3QPg2x2fyJHZw+Yv1Iam79+ocW4Jme8XTZAh5zLOALictZbicU4x9U77WMLcJp9ZRzT+VrQm5VE+iwW46acuc8a9MIrazfuMUBhGxP0M4zWX8piMW6DQ2S1L0AHZcR70Gs4WHYnTKltUuc25Eqn7cjFuNj2o8W4xkgtxqEdtBgHI+7SQtvArGBmFUuYxwQd7JiBqKrBg2v8zAs8HmjyuQT0BPTPC6EKqc77h/zqy6ZflO7oN5h2NNl/Wr7S2sIk8/Hggwc3Ovf9fSWjqvrsm7aflrv9166bU4pep7UGWDMvAT0B/fMSigxwyu5+K+i/pfxe0OGu/PHYgDG++b8Z8L+A3rC3X7twmKHmt8VrEAtIQE9AT8p/UbZiDWz4p5ibgJ6AnpQE9AT0BPSkJKAnoCegJyUBPQE9AT0pCegJ6AnoSUlAT0BPQE9KAnoC+qniOZyz3RYui4z1BuCUGB8r2YjyJENCFIy9e21EyTp0P/yeS419+UdexKu2uffbrg9lS9/d/0KX4sQO8m6vqN/4rNriqzB6x+6zd8PKr+Z/l65hFXuA4frELVnGudwDf20LKQlVVfNEPc4IxCvDkHe0OY0QKvEecXof7qnz85+ppg4qv3+f57jRZpeeKBXzHdiwF0zUpzmo8iBL797xXXQkWVGbfWfQa8z3j/b6/imgP9LHfHsvXiwZuuRYmeVUnppWTnvPz2QdukEE9e4nY8qxV5Z5/aegC+/870EvLzbt47MR/ahc9KUmwce3a05Zv+VlSF+JP1dlcYGqah0ceMxf6gcGyOoEyQlWhjlGy9HQO3NPyikBimnly2Pnr0B/rcCdlOm5whZ5a3hiaXCmR5IVnp3+xqDftsJwXvzx7UD/+6/T5W89xGsKyMdTvnAstQX9rHSlvSdlhdBv1CsvbYZjvpJ1EJuqHDdo0avjpOOQdaWXZnnPkW+A03bV5oRVQ7qyOrxpT5hDv9s6meJznbn04/7EbRTAWY75awTeKOhN22vLZyM4709s7eMLl/EapEeM5eG5x2gzSCwVccqtY5hS/mFeVnoVWmFivt/TXpknl1VTpkpFa0LaEudvTpGzRQcnubkxHj1u3sOlq2o8fQD9rFjG03soFD1tjv1j49uspcyutDe0pUb1jD17XaqO0N3SlJ+Durnbo/fmsdEPS85etM7GoS3yMfdjgLo9UCdN0Ne+B/WOCEc2cmsx7Szs+seSFaPNdw/dS5tvB/pf/z5d/lLX3DFjMnOqwrEaki4hWSBCdw9y7qW9hkoxhbxrWQcC/fwWngKt43DV6yxrEaxLeFUMOlKWG+OVGNi+4CTSyJ51LuEOY959S4CeG2XINR0MB5YzHGS8s4naeXI+REgVxuMczc75aQafF2Ugsm8MqYiZ3LiZPQKdsyVFyMPAj0NqtelNK0w0PGJmXUImuKFSQfoNXpraL7abzeEM2biWdSzAdapsnjkCXVXlzD+ADvv7swACr/JyMAdvoZFBmV0pCe5kz4A9quuO0N3SlJ+DvNmznmDVecNGZ2kzvtbZOLRFPuahdENmqJPYI5Fs+4vYQgxyh831aMwe1xhy3NSvz6MjyYrK8nuDnskVVfpylk6ny3/GjE6ghywYiRy9XaAc3e/JiD83NuLBURHdg9w1KtaVrAOB7qMrXGgdB6hvh69WJAQhYtBzPc4tnNLq8EYyC8FM7JD2f0CwFaC3bXJCih9pfzjtpB5q0HGM0FvdhtxZaT2LcMeZ/2xIRZya0THhrHEZa7N4Rpfb2LXCRE7sfr2lrSL+TaxSUZP6dwr0suVVxkYNrPFwta+ZoOuq1CQ5Z6wU0JBAZZa/XMJyRRUrcxToyuxKj7Q4Vc+AjTepjtDd0pSfg7xZdB1bYKNDa5pLH3Q2VFv0Y0Z9eKzpk+aMboA+tcr1OZ6quZM+uropWfHU+86gD/wLX0d7zjmVPyJHl6E7bT51dU4YuTJQFcIOCnSv18nFoIOQdVB6CG/nWseBSp1nNegX2IF+oVAKYVASVyo5iq0CnVA4iCvInCEv1C4OoL9ptKmhm+pU/bcf1sFtGVIRp2Z0KkVJeCP7HvRYYYJAf/kUdFjmJjjNHWb0cQX0FUZeTFUNRx9n9JXtbGDj2IuDORr0ihqYykim6hnxONURcbeI9smbY9Dh7fbajgydDSHzqR6z4OlSpEU4zBndCN37j0rfCy+X8hcHyQqp6PFdQffC7rz0/Wb0X5YlLcbVTNBh64tl94IVe3IzH2KaXilSqq5lHWLQlY5DakDgbNfIEYXuwRNkzwuDzlV9JEGHPbpeuXxmrUTo/lgR1d27mJlvtX8PMXTvtUVkegR6ilJpFbq7t7C6aBlSESdmdA/bmLXFfWEnBdlHM3Q3FCZE6J6CHAelUnEUupPWC3LA60YNuWUmsxsaoOuqYFr7CLrnByGkAspAYtDH96DNxvaWA0f1jAl63C3ic5A3e9YzLEToXn4DzxoonY1DW9RjgI+WoEU4joa+agXupJJIgadhOCatiquX2rFkRb/53XP0/ehP/Hot4L3dwgQdeRJ/uz9Ujr5q8SvIsbNKY0mLcUrWIQZd6Th0qwGpMcB/2Duf2LbtK47TRQTa+mOZki3/aElUSJEJ/UekGWdJq4aNIgFxerDrBHAPOySdHcxIvEOGnAJ0QJMcGiDoDkEQFMhhGNLu0EMRbzkll96KARu6w06+DxgK7LrzSJGSKYmUqH8Tfz++7yERnMTOj3yf997vvfcjFyu7twzD3K7sHhqGfeP05Ts26DfvZzK735rFuGuGVd79xPpxtzJms8627/MrlbcHK/TMrlmMc4BuPhNilp5ZWTO+/rJye2V32/GoiJP8JHVuPXWFvr5Jv9nIZN4ae4N94y88sWpO5sKs51U4njDRWow7axfjNqxiHP28kjG+R+vjXZM31tYOztcfmH6Qiu1Umj/qamW1E3T6mx3jl51N2gn6diWzbS/bxPDm2ln7yjhAd1wW8z7Y/7hZjNs2/vSw8ZyNk2Kc9W0MP2vWBa0/bAF9ardifrdf3TVc4lpm0/AJmbXK2autj6z47jfEg74SPtC76MlBt05Nd/VojdWJ2bjo8tUZ+tQ3oz8G/onFoP9j7A6t7vizhJdfj+k+dtyH8cl8ZMXUZZpg0A8fr/7yMPYSQHfqSnKcoNPX3eZEbmfMeDkmDQL62ZS/NjZ95uK4/ttXkv8vkzEfWfFyimTQV06vn3v7kgbQA6cNs450nwZ56nm91PZ4LNYDI7AAOohoAegAOghAB9ABdBCADqAD6CAAHUCfDOiNGvnqczBwEICONejJ2TOzyR6gB+GR7SAAHUAfHPTF1PT0dGqx829Zh0q/3sjsP6XX1jP79rlSEIAOoOMH+mLMPKcTi3WQbh8qfUrTdw6siP7UPrgGAtABdMxAT6bqB/KmY6n27N0+a3ZrI1PZtUC3zpWCAHQAHTvQZ6cbmnUF/XHlqX1Gk7bPlYIAdAAdO9DPNEE/05G6m4dK724kz29u0NcrNG2fKwUB6AA6QRHdPlR6v/Ld4QZ9fn9t3z5XCgLQAXQM9+gxjz06CASgEwM6vRiLuVfdQSAAnRzQvfvoIBCATg7oXSfjQCAAnRDQQSAAnVDQX4C9ggbUCwAdFyWnVl+cAoEG0YvVqSSA7pe0CW+L30yBQIPqDQ2g+9PkC91JiEygAZWkAXSfnHsdGAOBcBGA3juaeh4YA4EAdGJA7zJeDgIB6KSA3nFgDCZWQAA6+REdZlBBADqRe/SWA2NQmgMB6CSC3npgDEpzIACdTNBbknUozYEAdEJBd5bfvJ/lBAIB6MSsECI6CEAPAejwLCcQgB4C0OFZTiAAPQygQx8dBKCHAXSYjAMB6GEAHQQC0AH0YAvSEQAdQCdfUGAA0MkA/c7tC+f+NDX8CsmMfDCoD6ATAvrmh+9/u3/6zbArJDPywaA+gE5S6v50+vGQKyQ08sFYH4BOEugfT79vfTg1MzNzcYAVkhr5YFAfQCcI9Kv7l+1PZ+tG3f8KSY18ENEBdIJAPzh9kR4uopMa+WBQH0AnB/SD1OqwK/SKfNiX4mFQH0AnBPSrBzsfD71Cj8hHQCke+ugAOhmgH1yYvXnz5oshV+ga+YgoxQ+RlMBQHYAeHNCtjPvDYVfoEvnC3oR2TwaAfgB9Qnv00ayw04BDXrJ2z2eI2wo07rv1OzluDED3rXA3od3zGeIGixqOy/r9GjluDED3rXBHdNfVE7ebaTiua7HmcglxYwB6HzEtzE1o13yGNN/XcFzTDs4JueEAendx2Sx34u5Jb0I7V+snouO9m+G49tXOTrtrFkAnFvSiolVrkqoKgionamVdKZLchM4qermWWzJXuyTVyppS5PzkM5hGdC6va9W4bKxWUCWqqul5rt1xtQrrogxnmjL1CwDdzezLksgghhcLgmENBZFFiC3kykqRxF4Sl9figrlCc7WqsVoeIUaUq3qxbfvamc/guJsp6nsqX7+5gnlzReMz4tWaZsJOXkTP6rYp/wNAb7d7paqySFRzVItyKo9YYU/PYrv/dHdSeU3iDUOX2lYriwiJcc3Juls+g9tuJqtTImIKcqJltQnZcHS8VM43HNd0LEbCHt0wZYFB4pK5Wojo7ZaQ41GhDfKm+QsMo5bzWN50120Hp9RExMvuq00Y/q5QU7iurgKr3Uy+rCJWTbgv13BtfO5n23Fdc5COa1Emq0ksEhqmDKC3XhuZ4SWqi3IFJDqNHxvOXRrenELxjJfd26wzrKRlB0gUgoh5tVDycOFzC8sLcwbrPEofrZPRR89qKnKaMoDuMHxdMpw61UsywyZ0zFB3a3jnazwj91ytkdirGrb7FcfWvFxArU7NpttQej4SicynTc9WKP30nz/gPxnH6XJJbDFlAN1h+KwPzOvGz7JxvKJ6Z3k8WxaR7Gu1OREt4Y66afhCa+5Sp/vo2EA9HTU+RaLRtJXElMRqEXOvlqeYdlMG0BumoAk+Db+OOsPXcNqrdzS8FQkJvldroC7pHMaGX+z04TbdkaP0nEm8+Xneiu+UWhKwdmymD+/YfwLoDVNgCgmqD8moUMbHGtoierbMs7l+Vptj2VoeW8vX1VK7D2/SHY0eRxpaaJQmxJKk4BvO424+HEC3TQFJVJ8SED7W0NrwzsdLar+rlZGg4RnUs1We7/DhC026I0fNT8sOx8bvYZq/64KrKQPoZtpedjEFP2GOr+IS1J0Nb2UAr2aGOYbCMagXKeTi1ZabdEejHRHd1FJJ1rFM23nR1ZQBdOPi7DECNZBUlMMlqDcb3pwmsomBVivhGNQV2dWrOSJ65Cjauke3HRuPjxt37ECRR64GoNPFeEn2bK32CuqMiIvt250irswWqAFlBHXcElpdYFy9WmOPbuq4HtTtqrvTjZckzFKYYq7klasB6HnJzeWftFZ7qMDUcLL97B5SqcElW1UqbNrLmsh7rCTdTN3n57xudo4pYJXC5GXkWWINK+hNU3W/OC2t1Z62j4/fz9b66CG65TiG7escNnOvGi96Lid9FGneY8/0TWQxSt8VlfHek4UU9Kap5mW3i9PRWu2evgs6NpyXBua8EfZE9mdcnh+lsd1qL3PHR72ztiUUL5LAeUhBb05+u3PuKNUs+GGA58scJpxLA3PezHGEHyIxLA51defcZx1GQrKCCedda6yhBL05+X3awwkuu7RWu7bUmb0s2Zw7cpyF6FZ0HYNj2j0591mBxCNhy3fnPJygN+bE1h/96H5x+ozo5jhJ8Ety3N7g+3PnFVmORLcerQf+wSs6PxLO6wlb8EtyHqlpyEG3J79j0a1lj4zOvbXaLcMrJQJOOlcdgnNnjmMwb5B+IeARXRdFalQS2KBvzYoS6jEbEeKIHotsRRc8qk7RiO+qe6MkhwJefNeYYfpqjog+N29cna2t14HeoysCT41OKhPs4nsxgXodXQjpHt2sJr3eeuQWsNMnI5Hz6T6MIYfkIJM+ZCZbp9vOcdLmgMmjrdeLgc5kqVFKLtUCTHq21pPz0FbdYybnbgG7WXU6clRkfY3JJRg1uPVZpTBkJpt2jI/VO20/vNMmviqvwZ1iDiWo0ZKOgks6V/XRNA1tH/2CEc/T3XJUR1rvc0wuwbaQHqTxsaLMDmvqzotQd3yT37la0xBPOq4z5yPC9T3oH9yYrrE+NmVhnYxTfnrnHqNdOmu+x+QSrKC0WWEw0ttsfAQRriOtmTTpiycPcGy9zuVhyo7eDfWAkq6Ifg4vhBT0osT0rjr1PybnID1Irx/kqkiixiCVLU8yb095vB9N59VxrDagpPtM1sIJOlcr5XxUnaw4dtxHU72ZvQfq9YMaI1NjkcBOcJ8+6/F+tPxIC+5Bz96zlL9kLZygl7tYfrrl0GLacZzRz5hcglHzrVY4+Wbz0IW4YJJ+xv1tKtmRF+ICTXrZ57RjKEFXRMFn1cnRa/M5Jpdg6l22G8F5b5f3NmUEKvATI33W9f1oXLWUG9tqZbQXsMkZ39uUMILea1dzUnVyPp7A75hcgpGKdPJcYCI6tzdGy6coUZzUJHjz/Ukt11lnl8a4Wu6WJCwAACAASURBVBlVA0V6XvW7TQkh6FzNd27nfOCQ7zG5BMoVT6LNuUnv0ce2QW+QXpjU9MCi871J9h49L4hjXe0SE6RpWL8b9LCBbnW2+7D8ZQfo/sfkcih+sn+8MWmfXxiv5VMUP7E5ocVUe9U9Gy8lxrtaldWCA3rZ/3HEMIFuz1cU/LQdL917YOi/zS368cKcf2OQ0EIsIJl7NsGMmfNGVWIi2bvhuZ845xXKpSH6iPF7rx58+eDVvUvd6498YE6tdq81kQ764/2d6btuoNud7ei7Hpfk+99+9ezX79n6y1//9e+/9XGKrVGePQrIi8PLKEeNnfSSNMmTe44JREUcsIP+2acPf/fFR/Y9/+CLZ59/eq9LVSIgk85FqY9xR/JA3z5cdAXd7my/3uoG7aUvv/r9ex3689//+Vl/sUF+9zoQLw5XxjM70rFXobLYWf6J7j189lHHPf/gjw9fee5VgnF6qdqPEycydXcF3aqPXdh65N0l+/7zBuX/I+9qY9o6r7BlL6xxuIlpmgUSkxQHp+4mh+ZHNLly+JHgf/DLFlgCNKuSLUsbNiA7gPkwRMSeEOZTFgIJyociQBBo2kGCAvkiH6hRmrRdokp0ZKxRK63duu5PNE2b9p733mts309Pyr1OfH81UYl473uec55zznPOdXUOdaFnaOIO/uOVK8VdTamlctcup4EC9v+xfEKTOlT0xrNHXjXLp137uSETBe2egdauSFfrQCy0T9Q5OHKVdNg9cLoglf7C6w30n+3evfvX1AnJ+tj5Mk7dS5i8cdME4m2a0en+cXu3SqWqfv7i3hXy2suzU4jpRwt+kn+mhWn5PHN4/snoiLWqWqUqrbaPj4wt16fUdkqDYnRqlo/fxn+3PyE529cvxueHLzVQlzd1LtJOOvyWWta+ShpsGTlmSEkA+HoD/R0M7riI/lGZmkP3Eh7AKB+oq1W09c4DxOOe519je+hMBeppQPCYagquOTxiediuSnpKx8caXqVidIqWr/D3zv+Ar/XjH/5Cn9neP0m7wakOjHVTpJYtV5FdInfkg9T6C5kT0UFfAcSdtbA200r67wUFMTlfSlt6ld1qtZOYL/3mHo7q4gk8Fs7IbPl5DHkvqyKgIVpFW3q33W6vqqLfgGq8t02sRK5Q7mJ0SpavuTRb+s3HcKX3nsddM7yB4T6alYVbgeMVdzjSUDhzOi81eUTm5Oigr0DEnU334miBrKwHZWRtY2Rgq56NTjZodEafx+PxbX0/bIWwDlA3ddWKLlEZZS5RMYg7+xze6Dxp4dbf/uu+Z/NmWZn6rf3+q2MjpOl3R/2vBoNJhbi3jVWp7A8fwPPXBupd1Pf14msG9zZJu4yFCEC9vTztGEyK9IU4+jhzgP7zg5cRcWfhrWHgaC7kt+vHsHF391+t9wW8zZVZ9FNicW/+uKZ6DiHAVS6+nS6rMppZcWdbbrs8i058/dNnSxXomPjJyppbXxoMEcQoGehLh/2vAINJwfJPffbF3cXGLDgpPJXN3oBPT9P5WdLpTcYKtF0AdaZ7Pypvk008fdGTpjz32gH9DxcvvvGbi79iAfqJgkcslShHBGdiDgXRi+3a2ls46N7BeNyzsnr7BSR1rWKDuiFHrnntfXuPf8hU9DOXajSMqFS3VxeZZy3JqvAO6oirONpXR8UU5uRtsomsuBMh5wrb3ZbYApSyyD+GzWB8lP6RpglW9y4rgxFLX3ZM+fUDOtlG+yUT6Ie1bCKxJgjnnSj17huH+51d9rhL6DBu89Y40VPjpoJ7Sdbc6kMg+WGxU5zJKiqJ1kuBBvCjm/sVAhFdEy29vjpHmfoFdNqNr9Czvk7/VYk7aOjrh4TdflUUg5EvcRUnGNAFmqmjNS7d2sB367VZaLA3B0i1sKYX52+zdFAw10FmF3Ekl97lYzDi2qb6IG3KjYt3VzNHAnuSZYorG+7Q1GFGNo/d+PIgee0onIVoMSVBwEIJj9NGvrXFz++gnxBZfi/Q5ScDUILmOmgA32PZfZm0VGPUevsuHc58Oirk42n88zc3qUhQUZPbNwKvZkQEfz+UI1fieliM5efUkDe4fuPBHeXEjhzGEBr0WijP5sGMWDNdjY689gv6BS5AS6ZzJrkGI1vp/X0RA4lFgQvkDW58cR1IWcYAPZ9F4+5opcM5lGGqLgUqSOP2sbxHQnEo6MXW33jjjnJAnFQuMXGVaL0UaAD37Cpj6S/EL9XQRG+v4xTV6zHA6aiQr1ZTIV/rqyEtxR0ahbfTPSmm9H4ibS0/x4thvv7lLPj2lmRBuzFgI8N6EP6l/buegnd7+jdaVtNhYtJ3fa5MmZkIpa8hgE31gtM3DAfp92fMUMuRs7lMJVwn1FlQdj4N9HQ4iN26zcNjM4agjYJ6z4xIdeiO25dqvdReWjDAVAzs9NEb/o6juSVQpCC4Qj7hI8Hh9o1BhBsWztRlSlzzjwpNdxThaD6Hgtu2iSv3ynFiz2YJEpq3dqkx1NeWYylej5JB5IryZGkpCg8qEYP4JG6PFkcw+3IGTa+dzmHMNYVdSmXxOYWiDbip/QCGsDckpCAzYpNBUBeXqOuNZxKrBy9/pO04fFXuPPvuK/pcl1YbIXwlO7XEPVo4q8Um492CCoZVUEADs/jSX/ERRa7ArxUEqjb35ZrK+h3y7QNc1VQt6cebN7C7exti4XRMEQ/0vcucBrP4J4VWfRrhFCVeo0LRCw46qsmgMdVjRYyx7HPg2oG2Q+mlH1MdW0hAQUZer7Myq6Rk5UGdSM3Y6R0ASrJeCjkURNz5dl9pnkChfSXIbNEwD67HZYtK55go+q6Vo6XI4sQTL8wNhr+6hq4ZKugtPHOohA+DZB2/vzchqI/QPMbcAj4iMWWTQ/Wer+Ofs9Y7IRK5Ecw1QNurljNqHv0Mo+/YAUI35NonQd39PVzvBQ/BryCLWUNhDTj+W38U1+Kg3b5UEX0ffJ2CJOCsxIRoewacxMmKDpaf0A5CPLTch7bTmFD7VoaWIosTT3g8IBFYgorUf9pJDsf/v0NlvvErbAJP43mMGUJD50LihK7kLUWhBUk58OtbfNAoBBY235ZRiycY3ZfsCEXEpoG23wdLrjmUrCDbdZlrACTbuATW8A9Rk16026eXnL30IfXfw+gO+Cl2YrIF4XzJqEjuHJib6iJD7a5ik6nY1TkUqZuKRb4iHCS8ICbpFzqy9IsZzvCKR/TglCs+g2v+HcrVXCIyriCkK4tl4CqhetMda6mHixEJnJG3pSigfQ0iZlqCfThmqjHHnBlAZ7TQzV1A4bJJcjPrhHDuY/ab1WpO+p5N3AfhxZIYOVbM7ZNLzl7+kPr710iAsxKTs/fnkIva1DLWbQwxhrJdrXV0NpsDlKfiCbwtIfW71AU5/hZ6IQQ4dz/EtnJ0wPYpUUqnpUYc1NGbW0Y8pjqWsUz1oLcyJacW9jCvAlALXs2CE9Dl7vhfPEOAfjJJNuUYQmaMUux6EH71e8EUdKwKMr6VkKcwAQ6mUpCTpo+eX6jDBJxd2r6BbHhxK6nNWDcQW7jQ097Z2e4y0X8cOuegCrnAejZLhUtyRK5WSjrLroOinxAKziUBuOYo4HxCrKjxGrCeRVhG5LfGl+QWEPl3NclYkONdGVQExQgvZqaT6KbsfYrMAvqxpPKFA5m1CcrtkMT8GVz+RkJiekDUkmez4x0I6jUitpTFCnJSKONiNWg2abt2E/3K355KDOaRYiqAd5QvUHTdPFPeQoV4eiYbl7RWUKprb0ingtxJPsv3ICJ74TFAtbfcpBSrfsBXtgEUxgMTMJCxjMWK750ozQ/LVpDL51sTl2dBXm0Q/ydkpFa/IsOAfjYxiQOcF5ejG7RCGc4CJC0xlaXbyUKfbSCit6AZI2L9YqFOMjq776drjzQc0naFHkoLz9ri0/MZPLWhbG8JM4rR5nDEFTeTTQRQpl75T5Wqqk+oICcdnT3Gt995EDopp1CuWjoJhbQh8TiH+jt0G2qQF9EA8Y/SJuSYQNbTlMBgpFPI8TYSjYi9VJAZKLRI5usVGQb0fxcY2HAOnKz0AHo5jWXJJH2/Wi3mQ0xmx/bniAhXekQU5KQSRh98+3wZ5bSYEd0AOP8x3gBq8RymqSvMoek1l5Mz2aTSOwTsZzW+PMVRkJNOIcc3xhUAItuAcF69DPG8lbOtxq6aOAQUxqYDhw5yoXikJ7B3vVGyRgNPI5EIodzKkhPDeVLVNBOAfiqPgXPEvfxgAI/g5dzcpU4m6fGfXOP7EJNm+09LkAQKzgxqc6XZqnZwD2jiKJFr0vciMc4bn8QZADmuUdzCm7nOYGbvqgNXYPCi0367hpDDf9w8qQpyJwo4a9AE1FhrAOfdffw459y7AxTGYqSRk4D0+IpckVSNBr5ZXB/KUprJFDXBL2UQ0B/HJ3HmoR2cd28hnDc/YoO05sBlMR9iyia279yiGJ7QaJcUbn/fm+/RLXSmzg1wPvckzgDwAKYpYSyLNbaRYR9v18G2v4iQPipQkMuWhM7yDbMAzp2A8yqM8+84Bbw8qglfBUnYsqfjkG52oDzdNSNDZnaGu4UOOLcVceI8MyJ6PM5bKZxbKZzbit5lJ+kMNSg70hXbphtZsXfMV92Rwu3v3UNp4kinlRCqknFubgH4ti6IiW141RZM+ZHyk7nrKEqmw8jqSe5hFuDtARLn4StK5UM1V6eUvTlB9wohWRmkqlsx9EBFrr1W8swsn3uYJYRw7jbEcB5l9ogyC+jZXcheqTpc9xbKz5uLWIvTgjLYuGdbCYl6s+CXj6ToLx8nh1liTisuQGuTcD4zwVySxBPbymETNp7tNEL58rYQ0g9J0V/mUYNCHS7gxzhvwjjn9NkHeJM0SFaynASF9BjHaVcqOx0JI6sv368dUXCWfSE/t2GcY+4RVWQ60CNUXw3jHBlss44lleUv0bAh/cFKrA4i78DHh+fLOIyW2EzEOR7Eb3GIj20O4O/FoO8/akNI/1So9i5Bf5lHDRoEeMI1V/VNuTDOObOwd/nLrmSqryWRHkPQDPpHB8zSKn+5K3H/I+9qg6K6zvB6N3vRZW8DgZ3Z1UW6y65dgrCQVh0YsCmC1imMqRCgYjKEqqWx8uEgH6IGrMbUiErVGnDiILSjiB8FJmCqZhiNn2MaxzSjM00b29TEmX5NO037o3963nPv7t5dzrn3bvdcnB3OOKsDonv3nuc97/s8z/te524/zg0HyDifYUDvknwyQ0ZUZKLtWpyqPUmnr2V/4H6HkF75+pNv+KidpAQty03g4QKwyO8mDcpRPtsMe/aLXb3iKXfbWLVFk/NXx51PdYM2FwHO+4GHa0Tv+pZZ4bKsarQrFAGQFh+XO2fal4bSe/o7f9Ooj0j2ofqiQzRwnyXV5zMO6E1oo3ahGN0HgksdgqY9siSdKrP9i3sfCO2LKgmA7vpylpsWtG6ArhZ4d42Qtm+v0XC2hWQ1NWAc3jUoOS0/MpbtUM5gdNaX6UxcIspkG8RwDsTZrRGlI5ua0QXTgyLxwITq90Ag7KEEp3s6KzMqE+cJHFnYD9dD/GszCejAvW5Dv/eCgQJt1erXI03SVZA+PKkSLXTWl+dbEilB60abXD+HRvzcJi1nW/i/1iQNWsH57D1j/2Zl56++6Sx1rIwLFWXlHhTOSy6AmLphRPnIVs/owGAHSMc7R97m3CWPa8I8fYM4hYkTUH5VKfpoxhHO+4gbOX8GAR2Srb0WKS6jGq6o3sBsNY5yE1+iM31SJf+3+/RMZ3OgiCMFrbvDPP9pAJQtSylNXFPOtqnkHB600gQyG0b6mYQnJzSk0J5/7SgHkhWDEkSWDe1qR7Z6RofFq7lSLihLEHMr5IScnpUZBHFqZVEt+uEO7jMah8jX2PjFjAH6ObRFj0p9qSdfLxJFE1bLMuhHuvIDlnXVl6l92YvO8/zngTQbxp9RmjvCzjYSOQdHJNedL1au9yh54nToy3QmbhMUZSdxmt2NxVTVI1s9o2vGSixmd4JyQ3eoGVbXyiyHxsTVo60sdlaBxkCppk51js0UoNdIgsgAsJLu3Ty/ycByWe+MSUi3PjF9mdaXvflznj/fKqfhttdo8ogRaarAP7AV1+nHNTh/dWnloTJxkKw1D+BGFP+ZGy0JExSwgMgPkJBgvtovC5k6zsakBnGgI9aLt1n+1kJX+wYuFoGesRxel2dEAvT8n4r35OBLRmMPsBflHqZATzfd57gJhKjhi8p/Ub+RyLS+7PxP0bv6vcwwhA9kLWcbRXjqkvrARKSfVRQaQF/WpTl3nsdJt44cgmK1B5MyXUxIGD/SPeKx6a+CgOmTy+n2uWnTHMS9HTxfJ46oPmOkeRtgXsb7MQj0+Dfh9c34CIAORhmwJ29ZazT2J6zn+d1uA9sT3WR6zHFj19CZrqKy6RX2qX3ZH7fx/A3ZGZTbFMFFEVks6Oze1SghvUTR9u615ekz5JrWlw1E3CYoVs8kACnTze4WY/OZAxfCfYFns6F6cLtF/8qMOlyjgeeLxW/1GI2UW4FvV2vMAj1jsWagW9N/g/b3HtEoU7WjHnI7tjjHPNYHHDd6FdWHKs4Zuz76MmU2aP6fUYH+W1mBndsS0UURWSw4IjpPiUi/vU+xPd1nH9FjyDWtL1uo4/kOsVhtlEgZZgsYuQYHpraPyOX0bbpXZrQBzwIqU6oz8R+BkyAnV2Ijfuyx7qtXx7+yGq11L2oFerLp/gQ2yuDsptWJcrCtBtYryWw23+K46whWu51PoOGD1pc9jpKMdxzBtqulFZFdFJnFQkUft38QN460XalSlNM/3JnNfiQmtS/7EBBxQ1CshqfVLJBehLIFAZvPAnJ6CyqFKvQm5GgDnjOr/UTcBbmZJ2RJjfixB/TTp+NfPH369M9fWakV6OY7Yxz3KEmUQcdBfKkTDOyRnmwaGeVyPwE3rGvaCbn5y8hFXOs9VKC7ZTjfE+lFkVmsU50Y6cImQHq/QvkrpJea45kPuaa5QUFNqUe3+aWDFhDWzjG+x8Bwr8cCbUngYXTb0Ic6qG9lRrP0Q4HegEWf1n3ASZBWk9SgG4s6+rMRveU5s0du4ealBDG7gQLdZdBhJVjT/z3B5f4n6DueRkKOwkHv+Ccq0Jv/b5yHsFihhBa0dWwYNDgaoJetR6nQN5ea4hmf6DQO2gsFOhy4Axh/7czv8Wu4lw3L6X7ey3IUlTFyQo65Q44qJKIo24Fv+44qoJ5o5zl+6kRsGmZWHvtZ3HLNQP9ANDs/LAHFpVmHAl32uXLcxFAlJm2mlZCjTCQQ+s4HdEQ8cKM9qowl5HCXkO6pg/70k0qF/s7SXzKu0WkcNIo6HeP4NlegjLol2rhNIOq3YqPV5n7gevzER2dIfwt7hxxNSKz3mzsFVJKu3aKI85gE+nd+FR+/Mu7Zb2sF+hg3CiZIENYMc4v1KNCDq5vjRv9WjUs5ZYcc27BPcYMeucTz7zqCON8TBc6nmOQkpHtRKXT18gWlnwSks2TdsyhPB4edf3ctkOJhHBmDuOZf67EPDei+gAcNOtm69XPI0cbKpFb6TV9HjJRBIBUBnMck0N9asWTxyrhjCzUDfeyO+NCNss2Q7ZQ79MO5JQHlx9c/LlKLJkIm05ZVsg9aGLiCKmhbQFeLBuckkxyMX9h/ypCKYuc1pe70pOTSnYsZ6ui0Zha888vgNsMhu90SFc5pnfnYWZ6J/Ri9cjy1yAk5ph7/QrKQCPqCyDWdpRHu8gFasQj0F34Rh4CuXV4buy/iHGU3EPMTDXquRhTeP/k172dDqU4SljPkKOrLwfeG/THfP1gnGp/AVEkdzvT95ww2BLBLStR7gvXihwwzmDyFnY+q57Wt4I7qjIpwV+jMl3rFBuTUe1doVcS0ZZUmob+GAg5mKt4uIXegYxE0oC/GItARytGv7z6nFeiP0R173mgsedvgqmRqcSeVcRaYZ/LZTVUmwMtwhhx5oNKWqmv+mA8PoMqtiOZSySY5QHpnI5ad7g0pUO8WloVrFkVCh53/ELtGusNGujGKa34qtQNb5I7LDCpA8csji9uVxS59IR9MTr+yBh6wM6RCsV2O85gE+oqNcYsznl61SruOjp+AeyDB+g5TZY1SxgEh96ebwW53qpOEFfVOfjp4Qv9t9B5S/SdOboseOx+cYbtqMBl9u3d6MhiaecSNgvhFfMy2RBvVVKbOQKdEgwDUe8ArBKL9UVmtwG7oBi19KZeUNeAFiZ0scGtkD6yIRaDPem5F9qqFL2jW0RdZv4eym96k5El1KzqLMg4IuTLcKqn4825G1Ps8C8k8Yum9POyvH5rEwTrROv9IuSwQUSdqgIxuu3JgWjKYvEwPNXHHhXN7aJ848xNdNMOux00kAdf74FJ9mtNp6cshnt/tk5yvRGti+FS7mJTXXv7a91dsfFmzvLYIc6RJ5p1o50+akxjhnF7G5QMhd6ZYVWRjRL2TbVMnjZf86UsLg51PNckN4uFpYJwZfm98GjKYFIXEvQyocHC+7rUY9IlrQXofxdDWtTLXe0VYczqbDIbWwACJe714m2XeHdkC04S8sW5mTJgB1XNLsgmVrFdV5rQzCfoWTMg9rFRrhRUUhwRr7e0kzl+wjJdcAbIGWATgXrst0ScwYqEyhZaAUvCLdCuIbMoPZUt1M6CoaIm7D33afwdxG6LsiRqDXnFNJqc3G0TJXoru20KdeF4m9keKbArpC07cac5XoCNDn/oai0BfI66VT5G//a2vZn/9x3Kg94CPyWqCxL1U5ckrUz5RDywh0jIO5ol9lqQ63MKRSXe9a+3tJCfurfsun0eHDoAT/L/btfV2CA64WocC9UiiJWBq+iNT8rs8f61McbSUk8EYCkriDrLpl9iutlez81W6WiEyHV36WTzcwiCa8ILYOiH7nH0M7I9KvCMk7gcpzldo1gwzR8Ui0OOllf0WCeoLsg/PWr04QwZ0fDfSd6Kd/0D5WWohKorPmWiz2Z2w7DZbotPliaCMQ1Xx2B9vqI6r8mTS5idq7u0k7nxUPkLiDizCyCg6cFVx7vC54SLt4tUm2pypXkErLZEELUOPzaVtPH+vT1DMYLwpcdGNoaDt/Gaeb7sMt7lJbFNUgbg31YkuUrxauMtun0OjMy7wgZVj+2mvzAuLawYDS5GNxriDeATsC9X5ui2kjvC40Fa+G4NAf3Xh4TVrDi9c8JNnSOa4dT9ALws3hgAd5VfWByi3NJs0neiCz2mzuxyFOQVZKbCyCnIKBRf+mtYyDoXU0apNqj2r3kxygvf0Mxp7O4k7X+gzosS92o4OJeiou6VSrXjdtkS3pzZ4tf/4q9XlttlSPVpoCfTFxxzH3TdPAvWuOHAGT7aPZgxFGmXnOzpgBAa6zZBKqdCODleize1bllcgXm5WVkFerceNYps3otzeVwzUe8KQzAsb/p9HPdm+kDL9skFkX6jO16ag/1fw2W1Ol1CY898YBPq6Y/B6bF3cq89P/eY38CG4+ptyoMM50yw9NZVaowciuNdpc1tyssKP2nkpOctciYk+QVMZB3rL9aE6f9cBdc0lu6i+Mnu2pt7ONJJJzHLcaETpyyHIOaBHfkQptjncNqcnryAtvGh4o6AQ7RG3QzWJgS8ipE/cN8Ho+CsDyiKb4Y0oxlDMp+18VDKfB2IszIxKCDVwB2sLUsKja1pWnscdEdYFaBHdig/VgIOgKSxhjpJtLaBYZcD15VRwvgYH63jttlSDuJXnxCDQs2dhkS07LiN76jeXzP4Rev2hGAKemjNnzpLZUDlCzH+gRK/4azKfzSnk0DiytILa1EynR0sZd24px/2lt1hVuCeT0QsCQFfs7ZxfS1JZB4zGj1CEcaSbTI/+R961xkhVnuEpW+fU3TnKcaucszNzDmfmDBywM4eh7CZMnSbODCYmu6ldUGhoI2y4aOpK2HBTKMrWpbQsBVR+2AZiu1QjEBVTailCbLma0NQ2NEZrWtJaTWyjiSZN21/93u/M7pzLd5tLf+w4P0hcnJ0L3/O97/u8z/u8qIS4yqhWbE1xCv5jXysa9FzBUZQeDi0BP+zErzMPZTAvnTvArlW+2NW4DUVRI2vcLYS534Dy9Qn/+hTCpWYM5SjFkp7MJ0w1JS6zAOr9Yb8WFuVxP1wVqlUafNAWNsCI3lMM5etE1e1YTqlmbOoGn45Av23+IhS5598mfXc2FeiuEH4uPlN/du/80yxcVqvP0TPWUI7JlqbzGU2x+WVcDOan3vvHSu4MDbGUE4zoeYUQg9DRO4vq5d0o1r6FIy21WrEVdBLirKIhXixb6lQSQ43oN3RC5vAvVLhWznNsKAZe7mrUhiJJM0jcAEvbx7eCPs3TUgr+6yAY23mmjkVPllKBJIb1WIvtXbxaWKybucNbqzS+fDEeoQynopddJtOVr0AVoNtOTmWNUtLLSU8/oD+0cOGvjt6z8CHp+9/gpO5uRO917/xNDFy61efowMBJ/hWsFyOmIpDk7aoSclGOf7xFaDvdfItI4EsaFkn52tHxPu7szcQsGbVaSWhaJHypha6YZMlQHQYt4f4QI/1DYwxBjqWFjcwbnUR63TYUcZly8lFoPX62/xcBxXkg35KtrJ3ni1jS+Z6sKNShybXE8WlhoXbY4atVGh5eKlBcZdRKtJKlK1+hgf74KpSYGoW0v8s8DfvoP79zcPBp2vsOk3G9+M4f5jXFOwcGXl4gFGj0XETTuKcBHAkurVg75epVF9JndXVxS1kiNTXz2Y6OT9zuyyO470WpVmRLTRR1oaIhWbJUm05LuD8Ed483PgSHF6YW9tYb3On0+iO6TpniimSWwCK4/YEZskCDoEd18mJatXgegUQsgccWrAkZD9LUdDNeZ6lIIis3hnRagQ7a17V05SveWPFiRjFL6aCcZNoBfdHsz7H+es6CrwTaa71w5y9PcbTNowOdfcKBRi9mVIt3GmBY8t1nH5jy6aQ3S0T0HQAAIABJREFUmI1iA310vUyipp7p6Bgfw90XyOFgiyixWrHVFPngE4uGZNl0LzYiLYF/iPt4b4w8xtHCoviPkV5/jZ6nFOiQyp5HZfKEbwTd3yBIaOaQON7ShVRWjJbTloe0sDsCAzUJNdYI0pO0jYroCx6z6cpXvFPCUOVcWDc2DcdUmUAPC2Z6M0t40pVbIZx31RNo4vmUyjsNcPb+dnA7f5KGhHRuu7lAeP0YSDiu4CIOcrgnVlGqFUspU2oUStGQS2QNKi3h1u5uxx4TcoeZkjPI3utm3XMWbYNBJbrt3Asz4Vb1lMc+OsFWM/U1upJDpiaUv7trUrZ6HKBh8N/nSZnINoD0dIJSpvSM4VKQpnzFGysUg3CHT0egPwhknPADAb1KX7C479dH+8TI4Br+0mXN5AAYBtn+en1ql0Z9SG8ktwNR5nVcxN3BMEdMoKNAZRwpRUM8b6gZej4EwRM0ePtASXL+m5uZUtrRgZP14jxpa/RC+Q8rNgdH0L0NAksbqhdqKGPLOiJIfxTbOXm1sKsCuhkU0+vO3uNl2v7IYRw1aMpX3FhT5SQRBtMP6M/13XP0OfQQBfqbK6MV9lYFQ+kWqImDGbVedHhBHQbZxi9XuIRcxKxXCJ4jEXE4tDyA75V9dIc4W00kBT+iD2sxNcWW/QP5twsTcqw1qygp+F22FG9NhINU9qXxA/jjTpBb/kqq2IDqPF0yNZFKfQM2/fVqYUH8vzHSDCOnl2ilw+4KGKfgdUOEv8UbKzTyVzsdgT6/+hAF+jIOEydrVl4XE2wFlKnpssLe+AKB5tK4ACEXscy6pNFJhxDhYD/FUreI20ifyU4pnABHKxrieUtJUApvF1QgkduICbmD7E/bk61rdzo9wjnb0Iv9NDyCXmsQZDMN9rKLtipQqQMhtyzh08KGZLgJtb73UFBoG5IxE0dTvuKNFQblVrvxMzC9drw6ukuVazk5SUyCHVKm6nlDYRZz8OW/u2IDn5CLGFpBPPAkbSUcbrAkcitm4u6jT6ZaZqHhsapchhxququo6sYia0zIPc/BhxpJi1ERGOe0qiF2JRq9eASHsl3E8bPRM+WGO9noGjf4SDdxZTbT6wu7LzAiOnnERGlHk5I5wWKWJRksu91MaayN5Kgw+CwA/THmCJnAdVs9jgRKOplhM7R4kO2EACEXcdQh0SiXzpAyWdgrcHgtvBJ965isGc2MWqCzTzyEb2NUve2OTX0PCDmWLyxuirn1g0gipQ9Rv+I30Z3ykUwcQXcbBGdKTRhA6HlLIH3fhAk5ry8sjMr6FXqylhL+2osm7XqBWdyHfclDqLGWltoJ6Hu+tubL6CEMdBYTlxFpdFbl3zetJyhT02WVGazxINuDAoRcLcoJ4JyQRmBJJMqbKwp965isOM0NWqCz72UgqyR8rWkNpPO6CSDkxg9whkuy6K2IDOnFh6gp9M73o9GPRxCuFl8YIXIBSqG5ofCcrXK37spPYULOq4V9cV3IbVo4kSpa1GpwGKbQvXRAYGLtq4+kpXYC+v196xesPtr3bWGgqyycC4BrVtcXgg9PF04vmMxCHQbZ+v8jQMihN2OLwDBJxDmWROIijr51rGmcw9l3aq9ebat7m9bY2qR3jOMLW6VGCgJDenF6PJc/xovfP4DBHZJawDCbHglPx/gtdXCAHkvhi3a/h/7eUic1Mpm3Uw/Tbhhm8RL8wcbalrjUVkD/0hxwgZ27XhTowyxoCZBCk5V57RE4mEWDleHhQbb+KwKEnEsLcpHWQ8B5zJVE4iKO2lhrbsjCc89k/Oqzd7xNa2xWhgm5E7y017g8KXynyxdQwkTF+aHj0crlyDU8uEPQ/7UA55IeH1K4fbaMS8jh0qmmf/Z1AXDCxq8R9YJGpQVgLutRb8s+1FiLS+0F9AW3Swt/Jt0tbPfcy8E5jw+6KYTzqVSz+tScnWVQcpDI/XNcQCGHG3088oh8q2B11k5cxFEba63BOcJexMXeVCA/6Ztqg4/7JEpnt507xPu08wZc+QJdkFi7VcKP/a9Fo6ci9706Y8ZbpPnjVuDcxZ4lQsgN45VskwqCoAE0V75QzV4Ytwr6Srfv9IrwghNrcanNgD7769Kap6UfNw/0RDYSF+CD5gSBPvU/Tz2VdR7d6/a9pduFvKbtrMNq+8ZLxGPnLoTGRRy1sSa3bA8Uqpodb6+60z/VBlTgdzAht5/zYXmCRL2Yojc1fgl7aCx4sb+TnH5SLbPTzlumGCGHYbizpn8OLYsxlAjrnyCZYNQJsIdm0wtkqwnIop68WWo3oK+eK9254OjC+c0C3RUn8vmgQERfPxX+PU9Nx1hIh0G28Y+ohJxPVyqbVHkqKFHJzB9eCI2LuP+iS+UacX7MbN1WAb0A5HtNfXbSP9UGnYYdy6LRi/0c6h0r31FQp9To6SGNPlBwYBzMNbCgn+Td57RwL1IxxSXfXUIOEusTM2tBdle412AU4lSek9mq3YAu8YNkqwlg+R//vNRuQL/r9kWStGfw/rubBLqchWFhAdOmSfl3sJz0PZVRS7qJ3KX+P1IIueCkiJ21SkSop0sUxYq7EBoXca5TYzdpRq5+nFOLGlxL1tRn7wSm2kD6uxEIuW9xqPfuzk4U1G/oI92y8aLDCHCbV4C5xshP3E25oYhuq4UWbjrMOQoH6eAWOWZgLezB2pdASK1SKmVaNhdjdu03oZvkOplwh57muhultgO61LUX/tzb1STQNVyxilg8uPLv0IXgf2q8zDiWeJCt4y9EQo7guOioRilsd1RwKI088D444hZxF/DEGoGZasSqkFXU5E3LM54evKtQCvPqv4GQY6neJy+5ztfPRIoh565iRmHMB44shf0Uu4F3vEoYks+ord1omuQiHVayLUtg6v2IZ5JsIpxHkvwv9FzZVFiNPLjE/0RRuINKaa/UtkAXX7JIBnrVuk/ItGnWLWEeLvRURh+oOsjWcYpAyBEdF2XsaOXBerxYSmUpB/+wK32GIu5aNcCFmKlGNnyyixqEdM94uq/6QP/xAUL6p0DILeU02fATbU2xCx6PJz1XsBUtQy9x5B91XIxGh3HvmDAkn1AjLd5RnrRVDtIt18f/+ZrBE2gKSLseE5aaGvK49OnJvGyqPZzhmcrpfo9plb+xNmOL1H5AHxzsWj2IHmvubQrokxFOzLQJctg9wfgWfCpD2VEdZDt7OkzI0WyjbVM1e8CstFjMF2IpRaHZmYG5N2iyUBH36xnuKvjQL8s0sE4gUNSE0viiZZFd83CUBhe5U0DIeQxnGBY/6PBrqUghDx+3UHZMkqOT59WeAZvb5VW309C7YG/G+H8h3SXkqnTJVB5H9LADj0oDXIbhH7ckYEvpuuJRG2s7pDYE+rFjXfceO3bs6OqmavSpCCdm2kSsWENP1VlIx4Ns51aGCDnGIgjb0FR4KKrp0GiaGGgvIWxuila2XcBWkOFfJmcbiHD+eyycxusI6STodrsB9rczFr8CSx06DsoULiKY/KbAbB0empGhCupx5D6EbW4/nRT0B9+F6SRbf4j5SEelU2W32wCpUhMTdFda2bHcD6sqls1txmyIVl4jN9ag6/CDu9oR6JI0v663TAR6olbDzRIcUKXW7p6nMlTZeJDtlf5PQh5y7H1+3Ae0dGDEAcw1fj9j8VXiL9MaWe7pq0yIaXyRpOKqliKd/2Pv+mKbOq+4de+4HsHunFEkR7hJ80+4DyZFGp0cjB8SI+3BeZjcuZawtahSo+1hYFvkH5A0oIRKWf6ZKkLJlCiEhxCRNJSUJGiUkAKBlYmWwtCqNuvEpknb2gmpfeje9p3v3mtf3/t994+T60zE941SbnLvPb9zfud3zncOniiP6OxnIt+kLqXUd4kpzrb3X9nDsp+hjNhPWbK2oevJpUjXytNBkKvCLQ3iaKmwd93rLQUl7tKHxJMs0LRw7kfW5xPoxi4S0O3SE8Lr2Cig+Kdq7B2I3CpYaLYgp7HPT+OC2WE4fhznuKuLTIJ4s9z2tkojOqU2sY9w/iLtuN7/A+O9D4Icr07Rl1Lqu3ali/Yvs+wNFDzXKA39G7l53hjSBUEOOJYIylN6Nsdodt7hqXjRVrJNdf/EWgA6BejZW8DWsSNI8U9313uo4ikQuS9BRMoW5DT2+amHuRmhslqCcoI15iTxZu7ctoBJMxOakrGvRHGYTVJdv8Iwz0CQw1pxzsxFIObp+/6YZdlbHLdMWabo8tSXmmRKxCEAWal0DxbkYM2qKEL2yrcd5nAdh6l4pENC+GDBB9YC0ClArzGH24lId6keWYXsMluQ08hd1TAwKswOg4FKy5jIKm/m8uRYapJkJtTahHJGQgbQeL/jCghycNhDbSmlVgEOHki4bxHg/BHHXVtkuuKk/98EIS5T664o1xbk3uX1UQHpkLENxNeFc9iRfCO2QDmZ+ltrAegUoLucdSb+vEqb06UivTN/v3FJLsip7/NTxzlfyzmCLP82T2QVNyt25VpqymQm1NpEaa18xH163AzMlvIyi1dBkEO/ZY4RPZ3ZC/cFnD9Bb/B+9rDVTKdo1V4TPy5xgJdckDvGVzyFcVrArte3xxk58eukHkP+8L+1AHQK0O1O+24zfyB5KkS6t2H+6UecjiOrOi57SsS5G1HG+xRrqirLXYJOZyb02oRyvhmfPfDobPEyt6+BIMfO5qZFSDJ7uC+O50/ucIEVysEdd/E+U62JPhUiS5DDLXIC0rFe5sv5K9vwfgrKCXRvS2kB6DSgV1W8ZO5PVBFtoBd2/ukjPUdW9eGcPzbyFsetdJFxvkGWT69NKFWJnQI4IYFIeBlekGNnae01uiQ44AHovhjnN1Hef9tPlLjsTtMS9LQqUaMtyKEXspRBOn3ej56rBtGXj2fJByiYRKW1AHQK0N3FB83+kdTp+0KRLXZdx5FVLTA40jj3nQlwbWvk0c4bZvn02sRuizxXgV9d/O0TDPMQC3II6aJ8YECUyMrsHX9F6HlSNMdxD+fDxLdV7q40++PWaqzjEgQ5KdJVJvhpU5qvUOozS26IWzx10FoAOgXods+bpab/zL30cUAwhuJK7JbmkVUtMOD8nO98bkRp8DJF2d04y6fXJiqrPcpnsUkMchmXgdlBxeApYxHdsoQy3yfb/sxxV+cfE9+WmSqrJFdRny51hhfkeKR3prtUcyunJ/+DvOS/SXIPNMTVWQtApwE9Dz4fmsbKqRug4OzwqlKQ0z7pkm0A02ne3vgMWT5lhHs+LF+r7JRgFle4wNyH4mkPQwV1aWY/iZAT+uZmGxdYe0x+W7+vy8PTqtVVpIIcRnqoWUyn5aOl9LVDTdziAl9QcN5fvbsAdBrQ82P5qgQPNm6ugiD3ri4NimIALBvkCZ3vcRvHfUrpIPfU5eVp95aVqyIdBLl/sDDTznBBPZPZw1TEiU4H0JeExU56Ww0vVubjaSvtGs2wgiCHGUgEl79t/fQ5+ypXcwgKiS5yg3uHofrCFgN6viwfdn9SCR6IM6uPBLevg7EqaXFrBOGcF2Ibz6FweY9ym5Jsn7+OziBNMVplh6WvxbuGwvBXCKgph+GCusDK7cPon88kfYi+XGshv63TDa+9kJePW+kuVv2VYS3VCXD0Y30s2zeWKYUZxPlQ5AZedE/GuafWWgA6Degl1ZV5+rGqjTOA9Oso+fLo0qAU1wKynxhfWG08+5Bfr0km7nv16WkbIEYXqx2zbIFe2MADCMnNhgvqOLNPgiQx6mgE+vK9xU56W0UNl40vXc+RwWg0zsBaql+5MFRF5gXNLQaRjgjBLeKSIYzzYmNF4q0FdJnlm+v2qeV0x64Di4x39Q4XuFSWS0SfRblfdEjA+e02alHe5ayVBnE9M9TNkqjCfuSPuP+yQGVzKag3T2Di33ieSF/4t9VQtOOHL+Tp46oyGBDkDgsIbQ6JGQvUW/xG2PtgEDoAD7mJ+XlHhcHGoC0F9Oq735hEXY1IVIiL4sWj3yF3PdesrUHJ/2qETWs8jee9KzDUn0rcJUFcx8ys9TEYp5pE9Y5/meMOf4KS1tik8eb+hSgKjIOW97oeEi0fvy1E3E16NDKDUS+ywT7l41hNmQEq0omdshGkJ1MsC8Rdmd4lAOcOT621AHQK0HfePL3DLOpKLrKVUfT0IkD64tocF7gzpqVBkWLbDF+fjXdDjbqngkrcpUFc34SN9TAY1bNdFwaQS+r5C6Ky7IjR5v6pIE5V2gfWiJYvjJ67bBJZMazBiNI7z7Qcw6wgyRlBeiswgTkScYc+mQ6f4b7mLQT0ncjnm0ZdyW6f0EXFK8QY6cz9Sxx3fcpupI4+2QdDyewCdpg1NeJelxXEdc3MWh+DUU1c4+evcty1/eCnJlqNNPc3Q3oeakX0H/rmf0N5Ww2nd+TRh5PahGQXrNA9JnJwNjiFhVNoWtXzzLPoMwe/INAXGxTqen01hjv6tw7QHS82XDaRuupNXMVDWEV/9DPe+winj6ZbdXfGdUI3XJ9wvqG9iaFbPm4YyAriZkd0mC2llrjakx3XuMDVTghwsUG77nC+FAW1Pmk7hRtvDlEYc8Xdf+UxKxMYjHqH8lGOe4NXW8eAx8w081PkdPTIdYJri34SUNZlfL3oBidtORSPtg7QdzWcftVcQ9eVuGb09ANNjBckqo9jUzrNfjKCw6EgyfhVLd9dcjA7iBuYmWVO4mp3PEZIX7m4BKSE4t2U4TyF/YKlsYOBpvnAGcq981U2lTIYDekdut57SjLIRU/BA7XfpvGZwbVN7z+k7KkC8g+OIoeury0DdPsrfEA3j7rqS1wz6012IerNI52dGNNxiglT2OA4H+UhwDGPORXLry+VT33LfWbWBiWu9d8jBrPc0gz6VGw8qePcziA4hdCQpb2LwV03tG7C8prK/FvWwXL18wo1J5AfFmSawRj46CGeeneonVpthbcTnHIcxdNqslutunjqD068AHRaRL+7zWzqqsvtS/X0eDfjRUG57SPETbUiXOcwmEpI8AgQ4JhelV3MVRWViiBuZh1dYDA2jZ6xbwHpvY0Yv5FZLSKzBIpUcNhhA6HZf09p+Xk8qES6ap3q0nsZCsonaiT4ZVPNWEzrvkhlMCNB3rW9jVJ8WdUm3MQwTe/AQaUcjmtsGaBXVL1sOnUlu/0Kup6O8LooID2oCvXOcYBGbEpI2i90M/zSI9rJmGonPpwqC+LmdcalGYxbfdhSPbJfbnkgjNkJG1KF+hK087PTQ5b3gLB2HUcpL+3mph9OpTCYeg1BrrwHOSe3yE6AkQdHmsN+Hq8kmGNvDqmc5zCeHS1Nz4ELdMHZpapc6MtzB/Rf/+LV1whAdzlrzaeuZLcvT1ylerqvH058YKSzwdEl2uT2Efj+7KjoCiA997e8hZcAkS+xbcr8IC4vKWqMYPFB2ekh0xtfgGjNRsYpjQTJQf7vZy22hB/YyzGVBfMVZS9tThCpdGkwGM8bGaQjUhbEn/l3A4iBn1SOohhKBYWob6k5JG+PiIO3OwecvzqnCQPPHdD3/PJnJKBD13ferZ7i9rP09BY/IP3wn/A3jgyPKQyndRybPDszJCoyIOh0tR9RaZbPVF/MD+JyQU5jMIOFR3pTwjcI0iKy+0HFLpfk5Cj2bFHEYNrPo6dtCsMpb1qa4vLUWjfp0igp8i1yItJttlYeyqHv0DOdjWejXPjMo/CZYQTgiaz40NKUdg7FttIC0OE6QAC6G/e+5t3q9bj9C10Y6Z/yUZuNjo4viVGuc2wqhdGA4JCW68IDWM4BCzpO07CcdZtl+dqdJDDTFEa4dofts7xtB0Mjs0OCNOdonR2exmhgI1NJS7zXC08bd79OT9DlR3fyLMip98JajkmQbrFZWlP4M3+Nnsp/SlDfOxfSnzk1JNbgs9IU7NubwjInXgC6Auh2z5ubqBJouP3GXoz0I51TvN1DlhaNhCKRmPjHyHA6f4/DJ/cn8LGJo3aL2dMmchHkLJkxFOQpOciMA8sQ08K2sVT6IfsioVAkKv4pODppt8T7gbV3hXFNuoeWE7jLD27ix9UaOMPHdAnL4T/z0yvoyVbhkSWfGeUxGPtvoxckSVNsEM6Zc/F1OfHnG+g/2L59+08R0LEGbf0/c/vJB/98IIwagvbQtm+Bpk8EWdkVGllIA8d3Ciz/7EWL+3U5t5MqccWbafkSQY7W6opjOoTq7hZfcjIVlT9yH6bz7b1+HPd8fJfZGRp92VQnri3IWc6gPP1ElYymB2Nfooeb/zr9uUPDY+JYnmOBLLLWfhb7dtv6ConPB9D3iJWzn2cDnf/v+13OfdZNvUh1mM+x+P45ttV4B8T0ZyCpJhfGUxNR5OWDwWhodHhSIlb5El3CJ3ehHK6HShOcltJNfVpxkBZ9Sg7k6ffgYZim/nbEZwdHZiJ90CjaF5lODYJOEU9Abs54++PSvnFiDWtznbi2IGcHpB+StdEll8ZH5tEDXvlbDH3m/7F3bq9tZHcc15pE09iarqeOqWTJ8s5o1GgT5LHoNqZqbIJlL7ssgl3w2hRD6rpoMduVZWeNaXypIuNL8OI8xAUvLBTSJZCnkIWWpc1LAgtbKKT70Jfuf7B96+vSh86Z0WVmNHNGI408Z45/36fclHCi8/ndzu/8zh//9Ht9Aa9Y/ysfo4PUntPHnRpxOkD/5JWqLph69Egs6i3o8ebL6f+u9s2opLNzL1A8e1SfCMU2bZ5FBfOeo1W1u9LSwwUEcdjb1TKZyJDNlJyy7LRmv1cW1HP/eKMaldYM2mHlAfL3PZPHT6qRrGU5IuC5EbcvyAXScp413/R93VALEPfX9O0zXO0uu+LN1T/S6I/n2jXi5yJHP8Nb6FZm39gYfbv2ykFvtQq1+Pfg9O9efPlww7xr6vNjlKf1PFTOX0u46TQe1qD1BTncnXp2ZQF5ubkdBWh5Kz84rqzNzc1trG0f7VV/7W5lsX7j03q+npeVuHpmZjfRl9+SLXPZZNbQAzWq0Uz2jOzXk7LFDeW3JyuLmuOUdo04daBfe3Tl+qNHf9au8JslxnMNC/pa0ss6BS81mev0X77qmdzZWDWY/sPtPWXrP5xDiVqspK/VkFSJqxXkUIccfkrOuhygzq8EVqvO26j7x4ehhvMvWgbHKe+NuH2HnBxlzcpRScHsdXOF5Z697Ts36v58C3VHrK7tTKpRzaIrxynUgX7V2OUqe3Tvd36T2f+uTsF3Oi/3138ozuyosnH4eHV19c7c2vED5Qvv+fmOuvVTiPOy9VUKbytxtQhGiug8ukn5nZuR14H2/uLG8cNJLeR3dyqfh7TpfIm1GnLvcSXOOjNrMkjytxZcNqvJHlajmskHx2tz36B0/vuNys7dqr2rLLrU0n8eWmD/x5CgrO7KqolHDwQO9lE5+kszD7dXqbr5kVmsP/e8ElcvyAmarn7T8ru0jPa+GuiEnsytVbZlrW3c0W7tWDGI/LnlpAqvK3FWmZmJSdqUI5N904RrtbJX/ZbRtWU5qKvGOJNHhzdcM+LnAfR3zvYftGjLiea01dmmHF3dt2jvz/5rTx/NfrBTqV+CWN9HR+6YG1OeV+JqBTkuVe/qtyi/swV5tfNl3P2vZSXitSzfx9IZMlZrzMxMp0vNoxDGvJvoceX0A+WCU/DFV2r8tnc819Qk215P3PkB/dKZ/nuWjbb6IcG6qrve7i8Ubt9Z2z7aOT09PTquzD0JGdzCAcZveNgTZwhnl9KxqiO2Lr+jvR9ctrwHg6za9AmmfE9AJa6Wmdl1/qLAGyXqM1ZWOvSz5eB08MXp6c7R9trhIraxGUD3HnTMrFX9hQ/NObpuc8+g3VA2rT4doJ0yizvM8eRetkVBLhbuH/z2Wzm1xpTfBZS6LhRMa1kCCtvn1zHl+3buZXdLdg81KQEIstPBUtjURJ8syFZtE3Mk39lwDQDd5bgdN2tVPV9u7ozT794C2g1b5abyTqSIfqOAK/uQUYmrhbMDz9XMGld+Z8vIqc8XmvxhanO+ZtWsPs96dDvV3K4F0i3MCVJM9XQp3XzcuBVUTiEwEjsy4gC6u8JOZrO/8NHYDcH9gnY7sOslhPnMOvaTnSRx7sc21/O7SmaNf7FBUuzXQmlda8HSBYT5gurgrD7v2e1U84KczVX8muNGCwvOlrWWTTpBmAdL2Og/2dn71wC6u8LPWrWdwKK17zLWxZP1yIjArZ+UlO2xsIm3Ex0lcV2IbZ4qpF++bfNiQ1qxYcH50uZKWhT49XJRXX6Jbx7Ko+uJyzIkCfOErj5iW0CLm54trByIgniwUphVlr+Ft+EBjo0D6D7x6K2afeTAl4NGmcS33k9IxP9PXMwjRAdtX2zgigvG1U6XDkyH8mjqEcRU4kwzM4w93pxp+nJnyzYeoNNHhgB0t/0YfmCV+aMOJtAGxE3V0qtaWC7bRv0iOZW4amzT15tXMmv7FxtSZTVoqVK+tSlaDeUhsRLnKDNT7HhxX0P5TPHA9hOdGnEA3fWqO35gld1bPrq9vLJZLC0vl+QIvoUd1GES1w2P3je2m1cy6/4WXmyIHZwU5NUuFzdXmkIXk8+TVIlzlplVA5JyoSivtlQocy18qGMjDqC7Tjp+YFXrZt+piKrEVWObPjlNd/CWogORVYlzmJk5VudGHEB3f4fjB1Y5MvsORFQlrhHbPM0PdGO1pFXiHGZmjo04GwXQSQPdG7NPViVOE9sMpGP9Tp5aazHwJa0S57Ag59CId35HD0CnxOyTVYnTxDaJ5DOHj6e2Ur0grhLXzczMDSMOoNNh9onqidPrHirIOXoO3X7nE1iJq2VmLXXInb0RB9DpMPuE3E41LcopHXKW7TLtaEQYJtWsGe4uEWPEAXRvzL7d6FCnNWiR2J3/wx+oHXLmDbBtVuIyDLmye6zGGyMOoHtj9k0nFbRdtCK0Bq3oJ0rpvddiolR7NehYlGDQW5gh54ERB9C9kdnj2gNtF60iSXJ3vtI4o/Sf+VZ+AAANQ0lEQVTCuuXRJX6UIVr2M+TO3ogD6J6ZfeMAMesx6LY1aH6C3F2vNM6M7eZdy9HJGa5hWYPJuZiZuWTEAXTPzL6hFxY3Bt1u5y/FCd72SuOMTLpbVXcSxtza1WBY15qihlwKXwB0z8z+kq703v9Sd+vaSbpO4hG6jnTUOPPFM4HyI3Ttd+ta6d21MbcAundmX1t6H7h8UTtHxUm6nuJI3/lK40yWS7kTuOfiDPlyq/Tu2mwwAN07JZL1AG+gt8G57NGdpOs+2fluNQ+QHr5Y12C8DV8AdA81LEX0+Xk1R3eUrosEN4/oIxj7Zw5oCF9qynBDJIUvADoJAd6ghnPZjeOHrBl3fsYnO9/+3dFWUlZ/hC9KBJNOERO4A+hkBHiNOadKYo5/tUzXWuOXwF2NYFIcS8zOP4MIptNcxc26I4DucYCnDP5vuPCX/YGAvUdv1Or8tPPN24Roq7hrSA91lqvE0i4emwLoHgd4SheVYc5pv83Y1Eatzl87v+VJqWex888iV0l2lKtE3GwYANC9Jn0JpXKGOaf4samNWl0y7K+dj3KVDu7iR5IJf622o1zF3U5fAN37VA495mM4OMeeozci+6/9tvNRrtL2sZMgjvpttfVzlTYup6azDIBOEehoVEGsqRUO1xlXr9XtPhu1GVBHoLJcm3e7kgRf0bPOVdqtSrDhUBRApwp0JhFydgei5tF38/+1GTlLZlUCQzrGvvnoZE1H+gjf5vnCMAOg0wU6k2AdkV6t1fXmL9+zfrqVYNKnLFtJcBlLJJVg/KgJkW8rQZ9gAHTaQGcSMUcHMWqtLt97D/d0K8mkh4dsThOa/TzvvwS9A9JTrqcpALoffTryfLI/t3nojWSfLmFPE/qbVrv7/D8Mc25Ij7mfpgDopJCebrGNSklj+wef/XPC5ulW35Fu0SeE/Hxv/qm/8hM96Q7zdNnqJxgAnUrQmUSgtYbJahorRTK2T7eSXZETrE8TdJ2/yM/35i/2+Sw/0VfkhIiT8/TI0DADoON17eprYzevvOE/0FFrdKqV9FwJbnefZeP2T7eSTHqGF1vz6IOI894+H1ozLemSg84ZXuhCOYIy0N/87Opnb3/47ls+BJ2JLtmfMFfT2N38F4ots3u6lWRlRJ41PU0w5OivI87HfJif6DScarkII4rdaGumMnT/5Wt+BF2OZyNiS0fou3Ikq7o3H56jNzJXiYuZnSYYqu6DvfndMV/mJ4YiTIujYbvDOZ2g//anvgQdVW1scrnXa5zX3Jv/OuM0Xi5pLEuYnKOHks9Vzv2coyMrHs1xgnecUwn629f/UP3RhUuXLo37CHRmNIUvyQ0qnD/t87l7q3m5XFiw64yLpQfG/Juf6AM2nrdL1NnISJeuI9IB+pVa9fk9+SfjN3+t//VLvt77xjRW4dzn7k2z921CmFQ6lPBzfmJIVmxOVmKc1K22IDpA/+SVqi4gzj+tQ+A7j47K0SKH2Q0D+fxTGtxbI4RJ40arCdxS1N/5icGMcyKLs2rJrs3/oy50H7/58atnv0JXU1c2PMJatkYO3KTEvdX2/hIfiVk6ODETZyhSPJ4RLGtyrMjlutfOTxvo4zf/Nn7r1i0/g85E5d1getAW4yO5BDXure7Uk2FTN8cK4eQoQ5uGc3wkaW7DhW5aNdpA/4Waq/sadCaemBLTgnHzx8R0aiLO0KdoRgqLRq/OSumRbJTC1cZHWS6Sah7my+e6OrYbWmAJNfxTQpgfarDODkXCUobGja/E75kUx0ka1pNiWJwapnS18YkQHxY1bj0mpPnQaJwB0M8f6Gjzs2I4zI9IkjTCh8NiaKKGOXXBO/LqEzmBC0dEQZIEMRLmU1laMVe9elbiw5y6WvkHwtRonAYMAPQ23fpENiQJgiCxUxONfU/NaZPRso1mcym02uRSZjjOUK7oaGYpib7cVC47GqUEAwC9kx0Rjep2/Y/9OFWmdV9nWC3dklcbpQkDAN09verPqTLW66EwDyFRALrP5N876KaiNQ8B0AH0zuTbqTLmnFOdhwDoADp4dBrzEAAdQHePjT562KAsDwHQAXQ3o90+aqJduvIQAB1Ad5V0eupX4NEBdADdOnqn5kSKqjwEQAfQQecgDwHQAXTQOchDAHQAHXQO8hAAHUAHgQB0AB0EAtABdBAIQAfQQSAAHUAHgQB0EAhAB9BBIAAdQAeBAHQAHQQC0AF0EAhAB9BBIAAdQAeBAHQAHQQC0EEgAB1AB4EAdAAdBALQAXQQCEAH0EEgAB1AB4EAdAAdBALQAXQQCEAHgQB0AB0EAtD9A/pvfjT27qfjADoIRDXov/ro2kfvvw+gg0DUh+4f9r0BoINAlIP+zsfg0UEgykF/6//tnb9r6lwchwkIJyJYcNA1UwXjEFSi4KB30YYLvang4B0sJQVp6+af4NKStbwUHFwahzs73b/uzU/rfV943+UcW+LzDL1JhvPt5+Q85pic5tr61E+3C8VisYvoAPkQva6n3AjhO5vpeHR8HNEB0XMhuq+lFOLdrr7kig6Q8+/owtTLfEcHyLHoy2+BWR4MC4gOkGPRf/5qWcaiKxAdIO9T99MnBEB0RAdAdEQHQHREB0B0RAdAdEQHQHQAREd0AERHdABER3QAREd0AERHdABER3QAREd0AEQHQHREB0B0RAdAdEQHQHREB0B0RAdAdEQHQHREB0B0AERHdABER3QAREd0AERHdABER3QAREd0AERHdABER3QARAdAdEQHQHREB0B0RAdAdEQHQHREB0B0RAc4b9ELVT1AdICciz4ZIzpA3kW/bmqIDpBz0eeVGxPRAfIt+mj8ID5ELxSLRVPvFgHOnG4uRK/rKTe304sj0Q/HAc4dJwei+1pKYVcK0Utvx1d0U/VnZZcCn1uAHvpfTP17rqbuZq/X2+i17gm/nFDg0wvQQ2d4112IE9+MowCiUwDRKYDoiH4CCvUCBXJegB76/AKfLjoAnAZEB0B0AEB0AEB0ADhn0b8ZVnudbpfblvFNbvMP93Zrp2Xtx4sMNakF4vW7rroAwoh/6YWaAGvP1R/Df0d11xr0sqO1ptWsyWy/c1W13bduerAfpyhIDdCImryXH+BQIFmgOpOf4DBCVZ2DryH6pfWqTWwz3jbtifZqyU037vcCz9hnojvz+fxCrujNsElfKAsg/LD9rV5WE+D6qRYP45ld663c9BnusvSgPVhLie0X35+15X07E90OQ8zlBmiMwyaz5aMSAxwKRL9yv+TIT3AYoarOwdcQ/T66VDWf4u2rZvjjbiq9hq+vM9HlrySuVz+2VQUQk+FIWYBoGI/c8FJVsF+TI6txNP5WEtuPudHNTBPpAURjd3REboCPBLvfQkmCeISqPAefL3qnFF3/JoN4ZzCJpixWR3YRR+9lohvu77Jk0W3XWKUf9KoCdFoP6gJEw9iJVyl66R8ZVW7DH7eGbE22pfRq1S8ZFS+QLLrdGt6lEyvJAQ4J5talUJIgHqEqz8Hni97Vo9nJwzDeGUbDeanPJdcYeYN0S3u9WS5Ka6mtX9d+bgeurzKAeC511QWIhvFSjwrcvSdH4vF8aUnWpNB+y2bWL8H6h+VI9fDyuvdYbRZUBDgkmLUKahLEI1TlOfgyojc/PFlL92RhdI93PU96ir17qzKAePcUBkhEj37nu/HRIHuRLHpn1z5exn1RnUifWc+z2yNyAxwKNBdCTYJ4hKo8B2cxdV9UzD/2008VuSYuVE7dzdKjwgCnmbp3dlX/j8PZiJYouhjOVE7d13qgJkEyQvM9df/3zbiF3HtZo4X7jxnWj1/SQxQqdWUBotsAbkdhgMPNuI7Cm3GdXfNPz0f3Demi+1ZfRYCsQKOtJEE2QlWegy8g+qXVjx+vPb0lT6f6kp9OLezyfD7/S8QFbh+d3pMut8BV2Vx6CgOEc0Qj/hxUEmAfBPptYH482nl7ih7tzLSZnEc7afsdrxKEp6GTtF/fOEFD0qOjtMD+ammWpxX5AQ49JIp2skJCdoLDCFV1Dr6G6NmCmUY0e1ew3iRZ59BPCsyGVmtwLbfAyrXcH5q6AEJskveIKQmQrMBpfCzWGESXqWdpizXS9s3kNJST9ieG1XpfSg3w13vLMhqm/ACHHhKvVnKPQXaCwwhVdQ6+iOgAcFIQHQDRAQDRAQDRAQDRAQDRAQDRAQDR4T8ZTOgDRIdzEr18iv/jDxAdEB0QHSSzf7PdWSj6S9t2V74wk2Xdm6nd8hx6B9EhJywqm5+ePRH9a2c5HYuLmu7Mi6JWcwKvekH3IDrk44Ievcfku5VM3W/0/dHU3dd79A+iQy4I4veyVici8Azb1rVUdGcV7V3TP4gOuRJ931qttY0epKI337daT3+kfxAdcjJ1fw6n7vYkfuP6Syj6UvfT1+CvER3RIS8sjG3Psye+deU8DkPRu6W+v79ovTnbe0RHdMjNJT19vHZpWNPH6C2kdbfUENumVS0jOqIDAKIDAKIDAKIDAKIDAKIDAKIDAKIDIDoAIDoAIDoAIDoAIDoAIDoAIDoAfPA3I3T7hSyCfrAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

The figure shows that both methods learn reasonable models of the target
function. GPR correctly identifies the periodicity of the function to be
roughly \\(2*\pi\\) (6.28), while KRR chooses the doubled periodicity
\\(4*\pi\\) . Besides that, GPR provides reasonable confidence bounds on the
prediction which are not available for KRR. A major difference between the two
methods is the time required for fitting and predicting: while fitting KRR is
fast in principle, the grid-search for hyperparameter optimization scales
exponentially with the number of hyperparameters (“curse of dimensionality”).
The gradient-based optimization of the parameters in GPR does not suffer from
this exponential scaling and is thus considerably faster on this example with
3-dimensional hyperparameter space. The time for predicting is similar;
however, generating the variance of the predictive distribution of GPR takes
considerably longer than just predicting the mean.

###  1.7.2.3. GPR on Mauna Loa CO2 data

This example is based on Section 5.4.3 of [RW2006]. It illustrates an example
of complex kernel engineering and hyperparameter optimization using gradient
ascent on the log-marginal-likelihood. The data consists of the monthly
average atmospheric CO2 concentrations (in parts per million by volume (ppmv))
collected at the Mauna Loa Observatory in Hawaii, between 1958 and 1997. The
objective is to model the CO2 concentration as a function of the time t.

The kernel is composed of several terms that are responsible for explaining
different properties of the signal:

  * a long term, smooth rising trend is to be explained by an RBF kernel. The RBF kernel with a large length-scale enforces this component to be smooth; it is not enforced that the trend is rising which leaves this choice to the GP. The specific length-scale and the amplitude are free hyperparameters.
  * a seasonal component, which is to be explained by the periodic ExpSineSquared kernel with a fixed periodicity of 1 year. The length-scale of this periodic component, controlling its smoothness, is a free parameter. In order to allow decaying away from exact periodicity, the product with an RBF kernel is taken. The length-scale of this RBF component controls the decay time and is a further free parameter.
  * smaller, medium term irregularities are to be explained by a RationalQuadratic kernel component, whose length-scale and alpha parameter, which determines the diffuseness of the length-scales, are to be determined. According to [RW2006], these irregularities can better be explained by a RationalQuadratic than an RBF kernel component, probably because it can accommodate several length-scales.
  * a “noise” term, consisting of an RBF kernel contribution, which shall explain the correlated noise components such as local weather phenomena, and a WhiteKernel contribution for the white noise. The relative amplitudes and the RBF’s length scale are further free parameters.

Maximizing the log-marginal-likelihood after subtracting the target’s mean
yields the following kernel with an LML of -83.214:

    
    34.4**2 * RBF(length_scale=41.8)
    + 3.27**2 * RBF(length_scale=180) * ExpSineSquared(length_scale=1.44,
                                                       periodicity=1)
    + 0.446**2 * RationalQuadratic(alpha=17.7, length_scale=0.957)
    + 0.197**2 * RBF(length_scale=0.138) + WhiteKernel(noise_level=0.0336)
    
Thus, most of the target signal (34.4ppm) is explained by a long-term rising
trend (length-scale 41.8 years). The periodic component has an amplitude of
3.27ppm, a decay time of 180 years and a length-scale of 1.44. The long decay
time indicates that we have a locally very close to periodic seasonal
component. The correlated noise has an amplitude of 0.197ppm with a length
scale of 0.138 years and a white-noise contribution of 0.197ppm. Thus, the
overall noise level is very small, indicating that the data can be very well
explained by the model. The figure shows also that the model makes very
confident predictions until around 2015

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_co2_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

##  1.7.3. Gaussian Process Classification (GPC)

The `GaussianProcessClassifier` implements Gaussian processes (GP) for
classification purposes, more specifically for probabilistic classification,
where test predictions take the form of class probabilities.
GaussianProcessClassifier places a GP prior on a latent function \\(f\\),
which is then squashed through a link function to obtain the probabilistic
classification. The latent function \\(f\\) is a so-called nuisance function,
whose values are not observed and are not relevant by themselves. Its purpose
is to allow a convenient formulation of the model, and \\(f\\) is removed
(integrated out) during prediction. GaussianProcessClassifier implements the
logistic link function, for which the integral cannot be computed analytically
but is easily approximated in the binary case.

In contrast to the regression setting, the posterior of the latent function
\\(f\\) is not Gaussian even for a GP prior since a Gaussian likelihood is
inappropriate for discrete class labels. Rather, a non-Gaussian likelihood
corresponding to the logistic link function (logit) is used.
GaussianProcessClassifier approximates the non-Gaussian posterior with a
Gaussian based on the Laplace approximation. More details can be found in
Chapter 3 of [RW2006].

The GP prior mean is assumed to be zero. The prior’s covariance is specified
by passing a kernel object. The hyperparameters of the kernel are optimized
during fitting of GaussianProcessRegressor by maximizing the log-marginal-
likelihood (LML) based on the passed `optimizer`. As the LML may have multiple
local optima, the optimizer can be started repeatedly by specifying
`n_restarts_optimizer`. The first run is always conducted starting from the
initial hyperparameter values of the kernel; subsequent runs are conducted
from hyperparameter values that have been chosen randomly from the range of
allowed values. If the initial hyperparameters should be kept fixed, `None`
can be passed as optimizer.

`GaussianProcessClassifier` supports multi-class classification by performing
either one-versus-rest or one-versus-one based training and prediction. In
one-versus-rest, one binary Gaussian process classifier is fitted for each
class, which is trained to separate this class from the rest. In “one_vs_one”,
one binary Gaussian process classifier is fitted for each pair of classes,
which is trained to separate these two classes. The predictions of these
binary predictors are combined into multi-class predictions. See the section
on multi-class classification for more details.

In the case of Gaussian process classification, “one_vs_one” might be
computationally cheaper since it has to solve many problems involving only a
subset of the whole training set rather than fewer problems on the whole
dataset. Since Gaussian process classification scales cubically with the size
of the dataset, this might be considerably faster. However, note that
“one_vs_one” does not support predicting probability estimates but only plain
predictions. Moreover, note that `GaussianProcessClassifier` does not (yet)
implement a true multi-class Laplace approximation internally, but as
discussed above is based on solving several binary classification tasks
internally, which are combined using one-versus-rest or one-versus-one.

##  1.7.4. GPC examples

###  1.7.4.1. Probabilistic predictions with GPC

This example illustrates the predicted probability of GPC for an RBF kernel
with different choices of the hyperparameters. The first figure shows the
predicted probability of GPC with arbitrarily chosen hyperparameters and with
the hyperparameters corresponding to the maximum log-marginal-likelihood
(LML).

While the hyperparameters chosen by optimizing LML have a considerably larger
LML, they perform slightly worse according to the log-loss on test data. The
figure shows that this is because they exhibit a steep change of the class
probabilities at the class boundaries (which is good) but have predicted
probabilities close to 0.5 far away from the class boundaries (which is bad)
This undesirable effect is caused by the Laplace approximation used internally
by GPC.

The second figure shows the log-marginal-likelihood for different choices of
the kernel’s hyperparameters, highlighting the two choices of the
hyperparameters used in the first figure by black dots.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.4.2. Illustration of GPC on the XOR dataset

This example illustrates GPC on XOR data. Compared are a stationary, isotropic
kernel (`RBF`) and a non-stationary kernel (`DotProduct`). On this particular
dataset, the `DotProduct` kernel obtains considerably better results because
the class-boundaries are linear and coincide with the coordinate axes. In
practice, however, stationary kernels such as `RBF` often obtain better
results.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_xor_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.4.3. Gaussian process classification (GPC) on iris dataset

This example illustrates the predicted probability of GPC for an isotropic and
anisotropic RBF kernel on a two-dimensional version for the iris-dataset. This
illustrates the applicability of GPC to non-binary classification. The
anisotropic RBF kernel obtains slightly higher log-marginal-likelihood by
assigning different length-scales to the two feature dimensions.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpc_iris_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

##  1.7.5. Kernels for Gaussian Processes

Kernels (also called “covariance functions” in the context of GPs) are a
crucial ingredient of GPs which determine the shape of prior and posterior of
the GP. They encode the assumptions on the function being learned by defining
the “similarity” of two datapoints combined with the assumption that similar
datapoints should have similar target values. Two categories of kernels can be
distinguished: stationary kernels depend only on the distance of two
datapoints and not on their absolute values \\(k(x_i, x_j)= k(d(x_i, x_j))\\)
and are thus invariant to translations in the input space, while non-
stationary kernels depend also on the specific values of the datapoints.
Stationary kernels can further be subdivided into isotropic and anisotropic
kernels, where isotropic kernels are also invariant to rotations in the input
space. For more details, we refer to Chapter 4 of [RW2006]. For guidance on
how to best combine different kernels, we refer to [Duv2014].

###  1.7.5.1. Gaussian Process Kernel API

The main usage of a `Kernel` is to compute the GP’s covariance between
datapoints. For this, the method `__call__` of the kernel can be called. This
method can either be used to compute the “auto-covariance” of all pairs of
datapoints in a 2d array X, or the “cross-covariance” of all combinations of
datapoints of a 2d array X with datapoints in a 2d array Y. The following
identity holds true for all kernels k (except for the `WhiteKernel`): `k(X) ==
K(X, Y=X)`

If only the diagonal of the auto-covariance is being used, the method `diag()`
of a kernel can be called, which is more computationally efficient than the
equivalent call to `__call__`: `np.diag(k(X, X)) == k.diag(X)`

Kernels are parameterized by a vector \\(\theta\\) of hyperparameters. These
hyperparameters can for instance control length-scales or periodicity of a
kernel (see below). All kernels support computing analytic gradients of the
kernel’s auto-covariance with respect to \\(log(\theta)\\) via setting
`eval_gradient=True` in the `__call__` method. That is, a `(len(X), len(X),
len(theta))` array is returned where the entry `[i, j, l]` contains
\\(\frac{\partial k_\theta(x_i, x_j)}{\partial log(\theta_l)}\\). This
gradient is used by the Gaussian process (both regressor and classifier) in
computing the gradient of the log-marginal-likelihood, which in turn is used
to determine the value of \\(\theta\\), which maximizes the log-marginal-
likelihood, via gradient ascent. For each hyperparameter, the initial value
and the bounds need to be specified when creating an instance of the kernel.
The current value of \\(\theta\\) can be get and set via the property `theta`
of the kernel object. Moreover, the bounds of the hyperparameters can be
accessed by the property `bounds` of the kernel. Note that both properties
(theta and bounds) return log-transformed values of the internally used values
since those are typically more amenable to gradient-based optimization. The
specification of each hyperparameter is stored in the form of an instance of
`Hyperparameter` in the respective kernel. Note that a kernel using a
hyperparameter with name “x” must have the attributes self.x and
self.x_bounds.

The abstract base class for all kernels is `Kernel`. Kernel implements a
similar interface as `Estimator`, providing the methods `get_params()`,
`set_params()`, and `clone()`. This allows setting kernel values also via
meta-estimators such as `Pipeline` or `GridSearch`. Note that due to the
nested structure of kernels (by applying kernel operators, see below), the
names of kernel parameters might become relatively complicated. In general,
for a binary kernel operator, parameters of the left operand are prefixed with
`k1__` and parameters of the right operand with `k2__`. An additional
convenience method is `clone_with_theta(theta)`, which returns a cloned
version of the kernel but with the hyperparameters set to `theta`. An
illustrative example:

    
    >>> from sklearn.gaussian_process.kernels import ConstantKernel, RBF
    >>> kernel = ConstantKernel(constant_value=1.0, constant_value_bounds=(0.0, 10.0)) * RBF(length_scale=0.5, length_scale_bounds=(0.0, 10.0)) + RBF(length_scale=2.0, length_scale_bounds=(0.0, 10.0))
    >>> for hyperparameter in kernel.hyperparameters: print(hyperparameter)
    Hyperparameter(name='k1__k1__constant_value', value_type='numeric', bounds=array([[ 0., 10.]]), n_elements=1, fixed=False)
    Hyperparameter(name='k1__k2__length_scale', value_type='numeric', bounds=array([[ 0., 10.]]), n_elements=1, fixed=False)
    Hyperparameter(name='k2__length_scale', value_type='numeric', bounds=array([[ 0., 10.]]), n_elements=1, fixed=False)
    >>> params = kernel.get_params()
    >>> for key in sorted(params): print("%s : %s" % (key, params[key]))
    k1 : 1**2 * RBF(length_scale=0.5)
    k1__k1 : 1**2
    k1__k1__constant_value : 1.0
    k1__k1__constant_value_bounds : (0.0, 10.0)
    k1__k2 : RBF(length_scale=0.5)
    k1__k2__length_scale : 0.5
    k1__k2__length_scale_bounds : (0.0, 10.0)
    k2 : RBF(length_scale=2)
    k2__length_scale : 2.0
    k2__length_scale_bounds : (0.0, 10.0)
    >>> print(kernel.theta)  # Note: log-transformed
    [ 0.         -0.69314718  0.69314718]
    >>> print(kernel.bounds)  # Note: log-transformed
    [[      -inf 2.30258509]
     [      -inf 2.30258509]
     [      -inf 2.30258509]]
    
All Gaussian process kernels are interoperable with `sklearn.metrics.pairwise`
and vice versa: instances of subclasses of `Kernel` can be passed as `metric`
to `pairwise_kernels` from `sklearn.metrics.pairwise`. Moreover, kernel
functions from pairwise can be used as GP kernels by using the wrapper class
`PairwiseKernel`. The only caveat is that the gradient of the hyperparameters
is not analytic but numeric and all those kernels support only isotropic
distances. The parameter `gamma` is considered to be a hyperparameter and may
be optimized. The other kernel parameters are set directly at initialization
and are kept fixed.

###  1.7.5.2. Basic kernels

The `ConstantKernel` kernel can be used as part of a `Product` kernel where it
scales the magnitude of the other factor (kernel) or as part of a `Sum`
kernel, where it modifies the mean of the Gaussian process. It depends on a
parameter \\(constant\\_value\\). It is defined as:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = constant\\_value \;\forall\; x_1, x_2\\]

The main use-case of the `WhiteKernel` kernel is as part of a sum-kernel where
it explains the noise-component of the signal. Tuning its parameter
\\(noise\\_level\\) corresponds to estimating the noise-level. It is defined
as:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = noise\\_level \text{ if } x_i == x_j \text{ else } 0\\]

###  1.7.5.3. Kernel operators

Kernel operators take one or two base kernels and combine them into a new
kernel. The `Sum` kernel takes two kernels \\(k_1\\) and \\(k_2\\) and
combines them via \\(k_{sum}(X, Y) = k_1(X, Y) + k_2(X, Y)\\). The `Product`
kernel takes two kernels \\(k_1\\) and \\(k_2\\) and combines them via
\\(k_{product}(X, Y) = k_1(X, Y) * k_2(X, Y)\\). The `Exponentiation` kernel
takes one base kernel and a scalar parameter \\(p\\) and combines them via
\\(k_{exp}(X, Y) = k(X, Y)^p\\). Note that magic methods `__add__`, `__mul___`
and `__pow__` are overridden on the Kernel objects, so one can use e.g. `RBF()
+ RBF()` as a shortcut for `Sum(RBF(), RBF())`.

###  1.7.5.4. Radial-basis function (RBF) kernel

The `RBF` kernel is a stationary kernel. It is also known as the “squared
exponential” kernel. It is parameterized by a length-scale parameter
\\(l>0\\), which can either be a scalar (isotropic variant of the kernel) or a
vector with the same number of dimensions as the inputs \\(x\\) (anisotropic
variant of the kernel). The kernel is given by:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \text{exp}\left(- \frac{d(x_i, x_j)^2}{2l^2} \right)\\]

where \\(d(\cdot, \cdot)\\) is the Euclidean distance. This kernel is
infinitely differentiable, which implies that GPs with this kernel as
covariance function have mean square derivatives of all orders, and are thus
very smooth. The prior and posterior of a GP resulting from an RBF kernel are
shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.5.5. Matérn kernel

The `Matern` kernel is a stationary kernel and a generalization of the `RBF`
kernel. It has an additional parameter \\(\nu\\) which controls the smoothness
of the resulting function. It is parameterized by a length-scale parameter
\\(l>0\\), which can either be a scalar (isotropic variant of the kernel) or a
vector with the same number of dimensions as the inputs \\(x\\) (anisotropic
variant of the kernel). The kernel is given by:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \frac{1}{\Gamma(\nu)2^{\nu-1}}\Bigg(\frac{\sqrt{2\nu}}{l}
d(x_i , x_j )\Bigg)^\nu K_\nu\Bigg(\frac{\sqrt{2\nu}}{l} d(x_i , x_j
)\Bigg),\\]

where \\(d(\cdot,\cdot)\\) is the Euclidean distance, \\(K_\nu(\cdot)\\) is a
modified Bessel function and \\(\Gamma(\cdot)\\) is the gamma function. As
\\(\nu\rightarrow\infty\\), the Matérn kernel converges to the RBF kernel.
When \\(\nu = 1/2\\), the Matérn kernel becomes identical to the absolute
exponential kernel, i.e.,

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \exp \Bigg(- \frac{1}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) \Bigg) \quad \quad
\nu= \tfrac{1}{2}\\]

In particular, \\(\nu = 3/2\\):

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \Bigg(1 + \frac{\sqrt{3}}{l} d(x_i , x_j )\Bigg) \exp
\Bigg(-\frac{\sqrt{3}}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) \Bigg) \quad \quad \nu=
\tfrac{3}{2}\\]

and \\(\nu = 5/2\\):

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \Bigg(1 + \frac{\sqrt{5}}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) +\frac{5}{3l}
d(x_i , x_j )^2 \Bigg) \exp \Bigg(-\frac{\sqrt{5}}{l} d(x_i , x_j ) \Bigg)
\quad \quad \nu= \tfrac{5}{2}\\]

are popular choices for learning functions that are not infinitely
differentiable (as assumed by the RBF kernel) but at least once (\\(\nu =
3/2\\)) or twice differentiable (\\(\nu = 5/2\\)).

The flexibility of controlling the smoothness of the learned function via
\\(\nu\\) allows adapting to the properties of the true underlying functional
relation. The prior and posterior of a GP resulting from a Matérn kernel are
shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0051.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

See [RW2006], pp84 for further details regarding the different variants of the
Matérn kernel.

###  1.7.5.6. Rational quadratic kernel

The `RationalQuadratic` kernel can be seen as a scale mixture (an infinite
sum) of `RBF` kernels with different characteristic length-scales. It is
parameterized by a length-scale parameter \\(l>0\\) and a scale mixture
parameter \\(\alpha>0\\) Only the isotropic variant where \\(l\\) is a scalar
is supported at the moment. The kernel is given by:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \left(1 + \frac{d(x_i, x_j)^2}{2\alpha
l^2}\right)^{-\alpha}\\]

The prior and posterior of a GP resulting from a `RationalQuadratic` kernel
are shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.5.7. Exp-Sine-Squared kernel

The `ExpSineSquared` kernel allows modeling periodic functions. It is
parameterized by a length-scale parameter \\(l>0\\) and a periodicity
parameter \\(p>0\\). Only the isotropic variant where \\(l\\) is a scalar is
supported at the moment. The kernel is given by:

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \text{exp}\left(- \frac{ 2\sin^2(\pi d(x_i, x_j) / p) }{ l^
2} \right)\\]

The prior and posterior of a GP resulting from an ExpSineSquared kernel are
shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0031.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.5.8. Dot-Product kernel

The `DotProduct` kernel is non-stationary and can be obtained from linear
regression by putting \\(N(0, 1)\\) priors on the coefficients of \\(x_d (d =
1, . . . , D)\\) and a prior of \\(N(0, \sigma_0^2)\\) on the bias. The
`DotProduct` kernel is invariant to a rotation of the coordinates about the
origin, but not translations. It is parameterized by a parameter
\\(\sigma_0^2\\). For \\(\sigma_0^2 = 0\\), the kernel is called the
homogeneous linear kernel, otherwise it is inhomogeneous. The kernel is given
by

\\[k(x_i, x_j) = \sigma_0 ^ 2 + x_i \cdot x_j\\]

The `DotProduct` kernel is commonly combined with exponentiation. An example
with exponent 2 is shown in the following figure:

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gpr_prior_posterior_0041.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.7.5.9. References

`RW2006(1,2,3,4,5,6)`

    
Carl Eduard Rasmussen and Christopher K.I. Williams, “Gaussian Processes for
Machine Learning”, MIT Press 2006, Link to an official complete PDF version of
the book here .

`Duv2014`

    
David Duvenaud, “The Kernel Cookbook: Advice on Covariance functions”, 2014,
Link .

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/gaussian_process.html

