# 6.7. Kernel Approximation

This submodule contains functions that approximate the feature mappings that
correspond to certain kernels, as they are used for example in support vector
machines (see Support Vector Machines). The following feature functions
perform non-linear transformations of the input, which can serve as a basis
for linear classification or other algorithms.

The advantage of using approximate explicit feature maps compared to the
kernel trick, which makes use of feature maps implicitly, is that explicit
mappings can be better suited for online learning and can significantly reduce
the cost of learning with very large datasets. Standard kernelized SVMs do not
scale well to large datasets, but using an approximate kernel map it is
possible to use much more efficient linear SVMs. In particular, the
combination of kernel map approximations with `SGDClassifier` can make non-
linear learning on large datasets possible.

Since there has not been much empirical work using approximate embeddings, it
is advisable to compare results against exact kernel methods when possible.

See also

Polynomial regression: extending linear models with basis functions for an
exact polynomial transformation.

##  6.7.1. Nystroem Method for Kernel Approximation

The Nystroem method, as implemented in `Nystroem` is a general method for low-
rank approximations of kernels. It achieves this by essentially subsampling
the data on which the kernel is evaluated. By default `Nystroem` uses the
`rbf` kernel, but it can use any kernel function or a precomputed kernel
matrix. The number of samples used - which is also the dimensionality of the
features computed - is given by the parameter `n_components`.

##  6.7.2. Radial Basis Function Kernel

The `RBFSampler` constructs an approximate mapping for the radial basis
function kernel, also known as Random Kitchen Sinks [RR2007]. This
transformation can be used to explicitly model a kernel map, prior to applying
a linear algorithm, for example a linear SVM:

    
    >>> from sklearn.kernel_approximation import RBFSampler
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import SGDClassifier
    >>> X = [[0, 0], [1, 1], [1, 0], [0, 1]]
    >>> y = [0, 0, 1, 1]
    >>> rbf_feature = RBFSampler(gamma=1, random_state=1)
    >>> X_features = rbf_feature.fit_transform(X)
    >>> clf = SGDClassifier(max_iter=5)
    >>> clf.fit(X_features, y)
    SGDClassifier(max_iter=5)
    >>> clf.score(X_features, y)
    1.0
    
The mapping relies on a Monte Carlo approximation to the kernel values. The
`fit` function performs the Monte Carlo sampling, whereas the `transform`
method performs the mapping of the data. Because of the inherent randomness of
the process, results may vary between different calls to the `fit` function.

The `fit` function takes two arguments: `n_components`, which is the target
dimensionality of the feature transform, and `gamma`, the parameter of the
RBF-kernel. A higher `n_components` will result in a better approximation of
the kernel and will yield results more similar to those produced by a kernel
SVM. Note that “fitting” the feature function does not actually depend on the
data given to the `fit` function. Only the dimensionality of the data is used.
Details on the method can be found in [RR2007].

For a given value of `n_components` `RBFSampler` is often less accurate as
`Nystroem`. `RBFSampler` is cheaper to compute, though, making use of larger
feature spaces more efficient.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_kernel_approximation_0021.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing an exact RBF kernel (left) with the approximation (right)

Examples:

  * Explicit feature map approximation for RBF kernels

##  6.7.3. Additive Chi Squared Kernel

The additive chi squared kernel is a kernel on histograms, often used in
computer vision.

The additive chi squared kernel as used here is given by

\\[k(x, y) = \sum_i \frac{2x_iy_i}{x_i+y_i}\\]

This is not exactly the same as `sklearn.metrics.additive_chi2_kernel`. The
authors of [VZ2010] prefer the version above as it is always positive
definite. Since the kernel is additive, it is possible to treat all components
\\(x_i\\) separately for embedding. This makes it possible to sample the
Fourier transform in regular intervals, instead of approximating using Monte
Carlo sampling.

The class `AdditiveChi2Sampler` implements this component wise deterministic
sampling. Each component is sampled \\(n\\) times, yielding \\(2n+1\\)
dimensions per input dimension (the multiple of two stems from the real and
complex part of the Fourier transform). In the literature, \\(n\\) is usually
chosen to be 1 or 2, transforming the dataset to size `n_samples * 5 *
n_features` (in the case of \\(n=2\\)).

The approximate feature map provided by `AdditiveChi2Sampler` can be combined
with the approximate feature map provided by `RBFSampler` to yield an
approximate feature map for the exponentiated chi squared kernel. See the
[VZ2010] for details and [VVZ2010] for combination with the `RBFSampler`.

##  6.7.4. Skewed Chi Squared Kernel

The skewed chi squared kernel is given by:

\\[k(x,y) = \prod_i \frac{2\sqrt{x_i+c}\sqrt{y_i+c}}{x_i + y_i + 2c}\\]

It has properties that are similar to the exponentiated chi squared kernel
often used in computer vision, but allows for a simple Monte Carlo
approximation of the feature map.

The usage of the `SkewedChi2Sampler` is the same as the usage described above
for the `RBFSampler`. The only difference is in the free parameter, that is
called \\(c\\). For a motivation for this mapping and the mathematical details
see [LS2010].

##  6.7.5. Polynomial Kernel Approximation via Tensor Sketch

The polynomial kernel is a popular type of kernel function given by:

\\[k(x, y) = (\gamma x^\top y +c_0)^d\\]

where:

  * `x`, `y` are the input vectors
  * `d` is the kernel degree

Intuitively, the feature space of the polynomial kernel of degree `d` consists
of all possible degree-`d` products among input features, which enables
learning algorithms using this kernel to account for interactions between
features.

The TensorSketch [PP2013] method, as implemented in `PolynomialCountSketch`,
is a scalable, input data independent method for polynomial kernel
approximation. It is based on the concept of Count sketch [WIKICS] [CCF2002] ,
a dimensionality reduction technique similar to feature hashing, which instead
uses several independent hash functions. TensorSketch obtains a Count Sketch
of the outer product of two vectors (or a vector with itself), which can be
used as an approximation of the polynomial kernel feature space. In
particular, instead of explicitly computing the outer product, TensorSketch
computes the Count Sketch of the vectors and then uses polynomial
multiplication via the Fast Fourier Transform to compute the Count Sketch of
their outer product.

Conveniently, the training phase of TensorSketch simply consists of
initializing some random variables. It is thus independent of the input data,
i.e. it only depends on the number of input features, but not the data values.
In addition, this method can transform samples in
\\(\mathcal{O}(n_{\text{samples}}(n_{\text{features}} + n_{\text{components}}
\log(n_{\text{components}})))\\) time, where \\(n_{\text{components}}\\) is
the desired output dimension, determined by `n_components`.

Examples:

  * Scalable learning with polynomial kernel aproximation

##  6.7.6. Mathematical Details

Kernel methods like support vector machines or kernelized PCA rely on a
property of reproducing kernel Hilbert spaces. For any positive definite
kernel function \\(k\\) (a so called Mercer kernel), it is guaranteed that
there exists a mapping \\(\phi\\) into a Hilbert space \\(\mathcal{H}\\), such
that

\\[k(x,y) = \langle \phi(x), \phi(y) \rangle\\]

Where \\(\langle \cdot, \cdot \rangle\\) denotes the inner product in the
Hilbert space.

If an algorithm, such as a linear support vector machine or PCA, relies only
on the scalar product of data points \\(x_i\\), one may use the value of
\\(k(x_i, x_j)\\), which corresponds to applying the algorithm to the mapped
data points \\(\phi(x_i)\\). The advantage of using \\(k\\) is that the
mapping \\(\phi\\) never has to be calculated explicitly, allowing for
arbitrary large features (even infinite).

One drawback of kernel methods is, that it might be necessary to store many
kernel values \\(k(x_i, x_j)\\) during optimization. If a kernelized
classifier is applied to new data \\(y_j\\), \\(k(x_i, y_j)\\) needs to be
computed to make predictions, possibly for many different \\(x_i\\) in the
training set.

The classes in this submodule allow to approximate the embedding \\(\phi\\),
thereby working explicitly with the representations \\(\phi(x_i)\\), which
obviates the need to apply the kernel or store training examples.

References:

`RR2007(1,2)`

    
“Random features for large-scale kernel machines” Rahimi, A. and Recht, B. -
Advances in neural information processing 2007,

`LS2010`

    
“Random Fourier approximations for skewed multiplicative histogram kernels”
Random Fourier approximations for skewed multiplicative histogram kernels -
Lecture Notes for Computer Sciencd (DAGM)

`VZ2010(1,2)`

    
“Efficient additive kernels via explicit feature maps” Vedaldi, A. and
Zisserman, A. - Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition 2010

`VVZ2010`

    
“Generalized RBF feature maps for Efficient Detection” Vempati, S. and
Vedaldi, A. and Zisserman, A. and Jawahar, CV - 2010

`PP2013`

    
“Fast and scalable polynomial kernels via explicit feature maps” Pham, N., &
Pagh, R. - 2013

`CCF2002`

    
“Finding frequent items in data streams” Charikar, M., Chen, K., & Farach-
Colton - 2002

`WIKICS`

    
“Wikipedia: Count sketch”

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/kernel_approximation.html

