# 3.4. Validation curves: plotting scores to evaluate models

Every estimator has its advantages and drawbacks. Its generalization error can
be decomposed in terms of bias, variance and noise. The bias of an estimator
is its average error for different training sets. The variance of an estimator
indicates how sensitive it is to varying training sets. Noise is a property of
the data.

In the following plot, we see a function \\(f(x) = \cos (\frac{3}{2} \pi x)\\)
and some noisy samples from that function. We use three different estimators
to fit the function: linear regression with polynomial features of degree 1, 4
and 15. We see that the first estimator can at best provide only a poor fit to
the samples and the true function because it is too simple (high bias), the
second estimator approximates it almost perfectly and the last estimator
approximates the training data perfectly but does not fit the true function
very well, i.e. it is very sensitive to varying training data (high variance).

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_underfitting_overfitting_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bias and variance are inherent properties of estimators and we usually have to
select learning algorithms and hyperparameters so that both bias and variance
are as low as possible (see Bias-variance dilemma). Another way to reduce the
variance of a model is to use more training data. However, you should only
collect more training data if the true function is too complex to be
approximated by an estimator with a lower variance.

In the simple one-dimensional problem that we have seen in the example it is
easy to see whether the estimator suffers from bias or variance. However, in
high-dimensional spaces, models can become very difficult to visualize. For
this reason, it is often helpful to use the tools described below.

Examples:

  * Underfitting vs. Overfitting
  * Plotting Validation Curves
  * Plotting Learning Curves

##  3.4.1. Validation curve

To validate a model we need a scoring function (see Metrics and scoring:
quantifying the quality of predictions), for example accuracy for classifiers.
The proper way of choosing multiple hyperparameters of an estimator are of
course grid search or similar methods (see Tuning the hyper-parameters of an
estimator) that select the hyperparameter with the maximum score on a
validation set or multiple validation sets. Note that if we optimized the
hyperparameters based on a validation score the validation score is biased and
not a good estimate of the generalization any longer. To get a proper estimate
of the generalization we have to compute the score on another test set.

However, it is sometimes helpful to plot the influence of a single
hyperparameter on the training score and the validation score to find out
whether the estimator is overfitting or underfitting for some hyperparameter
values.

The function `validation_curve` can help in this case:

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import validation_curve
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import Ridge
    
    >>> np.random.seed(0)
    >>> X, y = load_iris(return_X_y=True)
    >>> indices = np.arange(y.shape[0])
    >>> np.random.shuffle(indices)
    >>> X, y = X[indices], y[indices]
    
    >>> train_scores, valid_scores = validation_curve(Ridge(), X, y, "alpha",
    ...                                               np.logspace(-7, 3, 3),
    ...                                               cv=5)
    >>> train_scores
    array([[0.93..., 0.94..., 0.92..., 0.91..., 0.92...],
           [0.93..., 0.94..., 0.92..., 0.91..., 0.92...],
           [0.51..., 0.52..., 0.49..., 0.47..., 0.49...]])
    >>> valid_scores
    array([[0.90..., 0.84..., 0.94..., 0.96..., 0.93...],
           [0.90..., 0.84..., 0.94..., 0.96..., 0.93...],
           [0.46..., 0.25..., 0.50..., 0.49..., 0.52...]])
    
If the training score and the validation score are both low, the estimator
will be underfitting. If the training score is high and the validation score
is low, the estimator is overfitting and otherwise it is working very well. A
low training score and a high validation score is usually not possible.
Underfitting, overfitting, and a working model are shown in the in the plot
below where we vary the parameter \\(\gamma\\) of an SVM on the digits
dataset.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_validation_curve_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

##  3.4.2. Learning curve

A learning curve shows the validation and training score of an estimator for
varying numbers of training samples. It is a tool to find out how much we
benefit from adding more training data and whether the estimator suffers more
from a variance error or a bias error. Consider the following example where we
plot the learning curve of a naive Bayes classifier and an SVM.

For the naive Bayes, both the validation score and the training score converge
to a value that is quite low with increasing size of the training set. Thus,
we will probably not benefit much from more training data.

In contrast, for small amounts of data, the training score of the SVM is much
greater than the validation score. Adding more training samples will most
likely increase generalization.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_learning_curve_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

We can use the function `learning_curve` to generate the values that are
required to plot such a learning curve (number of samples that have been used,
the average scores on the training sets and the average scores on the
validation sets):

    
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import learning_curve
    >>> from sklearn.svm import SVC
    
    >>> train_sizes, train_scores, valid_scores = learning_curve(
    ...     SVC(kernel='linear'), X, y, train_sizes=[50, 80, 110], cv=5)
    >>> train_sizes
    array([ 50, 80, 110])
    >>> train_scores
    array([[0.98..., 0.98 , 0.98..., 0.98..., 0.98...],
           [0.98..., 1.   , 0.98..., 0.98..., 0.98...],
           [0.98..., 1.   , 0.98..., 0.98..., 0.99...]])
    >>> valid_scores
    array([[1. ,  0.93...,  1. ,  1. ,  0.96...],
           [1. ,  0.96...,  1. ,  1. ,  0.96...],
           [1. ,  0.96...,  1. ,  1. ,  0.96...]])
    
© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/learning_curve.html

