# 2.1. Gaussian mixture models

`sklearn.mixture` is a package which enables one to learn Gaussian Mixture
Models (diagonal, spherical, tied and full covariance matrices supported),
sample them, and estimate them from data. Facilities to help determine the
appropriate number of components are also provided.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gmm_pdf_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX///8xaI7+/v613is1t3kmgo5uzljx8fEAAAAfnokfd7T8/f1MksO20uY+SYn2+/oGBga/v7/4+Pn5/fsfHx/6/ffz+vjq9vIne7bv+Pavr68nJyd/f3/k5OQ9ib4/Pz8ZGRk9q5mn2dHS0tLf39+goKANDQ3l8PG65tH6+/xMTExwz1vj9d/Y2Niw3dWe1cxeXl6X3Ijj9O1AkZypqanS5OdCvIEwpZL8/vu54dpkyJhvwbM1qJXc6e2F1nLH5+Hc8eqe3o8loYy4uLh3xLfp6up/02tIlaCv4sqV0cfA5N6L1rLV8c8in4p7s7qFyr/p8fMtLS3q+Od00F84uHun4MV1zqNUwo580Kji6++fyM05jZiT2Lc1NTU8un7X8eVErp3S6+fc89Yqo4950WRty55cxZOHh4fMzMyu5KLw+u2EtNXD6thsbGy05anZ7pP09fdduarA40u33zLt9PY2a5HE67unzdHGxsZ/x7u/6bWR2oAqhJCE061ova/4/Oyb27xVVVU/T4666K+74D3e8KDQ7uCKu8KDuL9coaqXw8k9cZVRmqTK4eRnkKx5nbbJ7Nv1+/NFRUXF5Vnf8e6K13ip4px5eXlUtaXD3OBKsaAUFBSVlZVYt6fU7IVJvoZzrrbM6eSbm5uQv8Wu0NVWnqfq9sLY5eqh3cFMfJ2Qz8XJ52Qwh5Pv7+yj35WMzcJnZ2dOwIpPs6Jtq7PN6W/X7uqBorqht8szg7o2X5zy+djR2+Viu6zi8qy82dyZtMju9831++M0ipUjeLTI7cDQ6nrm9LdwlrFwcHCz09dfiqeOrMGWrMREdplahaWuwtOnvc/L2eK4ydgqaae+z9tnqLDR78qIpr84VJNTgaEog4/F09+xx9e31trN7cVipK1AdKuOjo5SXpdIKHgthpFca6BjoMpBaaKBjLVnwlNjY2NIf7Ss0ik/AE5wfqwsfrg9g7kjeoZJibwyrHIdlYHj68tEJXE6RIHa6dbD4b3V4uJuxFqGwriX0LXf6L2X/46LgjhZAAAgAElEQVR42uydzWvb2BbAhQz2BW+uPfKDZ9lYYEuM1Rgc0MKrMkE4DDQbJbzhLapNKdgJpM80EExC6RNN3/rFJfVCpossykBJ8GJWhUIHSvFfkGXAy2dmOzDDbN49V/JX4riZaSzn4/wWniS2r+7HT+fec5xOBAFBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEORKUQnNwX8z1pdfW0nCY4zEprwmR9SpbRQl9iAVoRnj3JOZDHsgKehV9cvd4U1djhTxrzqglpo4iuHgUqR82dbLTUujipOMwvv98WcIHyjJ+LM8ddLutoCkeFkBNf7KSD3ytQJWc1MErKdnJGA1NyoNeH41AtZdN2XGVIccwvu1jDcNGhdQI97traGAFwrYINk/JeB0LiWgt9QXCOj16msEzOcnCjgeta5MwCNFSvMvsjF4f48U2NdNRecC6kqTT0oPBbxQwJjb6AsotiyqOXDPihWJ2iYIEe9YmmvD5kuADF+jLp9loUnZIpkZjdqxcQHr8DOThwebKs1Dkpu8BUcabl2Ip2TqFsvjW3Cs7boOLGy0As/yJT60qKvzC6syldWhgJKetKjU5QKpHYV1btgpE54ZbsFHHQkayfHBsB8UHJfKLXhhoUHddnJEwKqjadCtnlvjd4fsP2PqCpXaAz0ro3cSG5XElItKTV/ApsI25qZkoIAXCljtwuRwAXu0Yxqywua2SdrmoaQwISJFNWZ2QKs61ev1LBewTOHGjioONKAnk/pgfrmAMWobyQYsTJZaRlKXLhAwbck5IdrQUuahItfGBJQ2zUMXvm2TTbPlSmVYacdUJa3gXVOVpaGAiqSaRdKFVtlZzDwadipGMknDlvoCRix2sWQnFjdJr17PCVnNUtno2CXLrsLakEYElJpmV7PyQhb2VvbY8p9pVZIx1ZL7YbZBamMCpphyJsn5AuaIyeYphQJOETAu2SIXsA5LKKSZXEfUgejlH6GFaL5nDbZgvks5cGObJCnUXB1eYNmjAtpuBH6miIKjMXOi8mQBq0rmSBAMAuG1Cus7IuAmjy1locC/qhPok857V2QLyjos5OhQQH6KaGg18A0yjGGnbCXOtHP7AqaIObYFNxQ40G7SI3bL8TZGBOwI0DnVvznb2sjRV8zneK8BWfGmKJ/nSYgByjkZwRdQyDigIwo4RUA2ywaf5CYps2nM2zZXC+YPVtOwNbZb0XEBk7CQDr/XDXhPsx8GQMAal4b5UxC4CWwxc/0VGhGwpzlxUFKDBvIQTUcEBE9MUhda3mlQhj7xrU5XmJRdvicOBbS8odRZq13+xn6n/K4U+wLa8tgZME434YUmu5zttzGyBcNxkvZgsHUhom0Ojo9tBfbvypiAHfYT3YvrGadM1YGAKi0zHVHAaQKKtpQHAXvEQ+JrybAzMPtOsl7tkXEBYfc9gn1Y9d9D0kMB0150gUZIj29aTMAUb3hUQNdblIbfQOZcGQaulPIabsj9PvUoi4c80XGGAjb42YzdNV5qM+xU2vOk2RdQzowJmO6/UB20MRSQX1jR4UTn9E+9PLC6rVi1PkhivC04Xa0qvoAqbbJY3BewpjWpgQJOFZBNe8uLgPUqkB2NgI4k9kPIiIAs/zhqwZqwt/L3VONfiIBp3vCogKquQZxzXK+BwkQB/3QENITRTn0hAtZI0XtheVoEFLo0LTf6F8ty/QsDAbv9JETyBaxppC0MBGSHWC2OAk4XUGi4Nj8D9vO5kTOgA0tW1mAFXWcoYIG0bDj3RbT2+TKMrdQucwbMOzQp9CPbhEI0XMk7A1YvfwY0xjt17gzoixAhTR6+LP/GmXYGFI60zODIxwQ0+JabOluG6QsodPXsiIBVvSuggF8QsEqId9BuJmNGuzWaBaukHVMlGVYw4yZZnPJLZSyzPPQacIyYkWr/lSw42mO7U1TnddxicqKALIB0WD7sZcFFU5UhCz4kujkhC64MqovDTpnnsuAKZMHsO9mssizYtdVYspu5OAvmgraJFB1UGSXJMDflYR3RK0QnO3DTDqubAwE5KOB0Adke5e1AtkalYhXqgAq1TAtCXkWi8iEvpGUzml8HhKIcoV5aGNNdqujG+TpgclAHrJDI5DqguMksznctqsntyVvwmTqgBsGFfXW2DmgM6oDGmU5BhbByrg7IXmFRqAPmegp17YpfB+yN1QF1TXPKfnWlMpyyQkNznfRIIdv7KE5X8yjg1ZKjlbHvxb/aUEOebUcH6zwrOrSMOgRKlu3FLcn9+mnvsB3O8TbrGytgXaUdVCJYCg2Xuk7h6xvalCi1VeFGC0g0J4JKIMhNogJVBDGl0EwWJwMJnKpkMQErWjLrKLh9IEETkc1MRxAVlsXGtRbOBxIwxY7ABMzxappexPlAgsWw4iBgnX+e3vM/xYxHIpGjXAS5NqSjt9S/tMsSj3MCpghyzUjfUgGT/vjGt2CIgGmSnvdt/+veL7/8Ov/o89v67h//Ax4vPjm92kn57ffjA6/t5ePfy1MCILmt6WEky7CL2fNJSGTuY/64F3r683y7IK5uLz0OM9Z21082BFEUr/wKYnRh+/V9uEb4YP1k/4JlIre6PpGZVIaZ+5jfboVePZ9nB/ZPj5e5fIs7C6UZX2vj1JPw3u6LBfFOCniuED3vMX/eCr1LzO/yqzu79zwhHpUCumRfwuXXK4m7JeB1jPofQqGfSnO6dmnhCTfh/vpKInDvF9fA+8VP+yjgPMf8MhR6I87n0gvryzz07azO5/qJlde8A4unCRRwjv79ay7+bewcwKlv6XR/rpPvheC145USCjgv/+YRe04XIfQsnZSuwfyvPoE4uPxkFQUMvPYxH/8W1qHgsru9fz3mXxREv0enJRTw1se/0unuMN5cF0SxdAIx+fH6byjgrY5/qxBq7i2tXMcPXPlW/AcKeHvjn7iyyIPfxnVdiejK0iIKGBQfAvav9AnyzcVrkXdcfI/gGTAoPgdbf0lss/1tbX0VFwPHzO/0j1tB1p8TO0y/5Rf7uBg4Zo/3W6GfAvPvmx2WeSxvJ3AxcMw+P+8F9/sHJdh8738q4WLgmPs8fxp6GtDvX0VPWeqxfFP0QwGDOZG9Cu0F45+4chAOP94p4WLgmEf2xHehvfeBXGlhl2W+LxK4GDjmUd6Etj4GcZ2NYyi87ONi4JjH+BAKfQ7i8LfNUt/jDVwMHPM4H7cC+QAEdt+DBVwMHPPZBHgviAJgYv1eeO0m5R4oYFAJyKvQ09knBSvL4fDSBi4GjnlCArI3838AvM+Sj+UVXAwc88QE5O2sr3HCwt/6N7gYOOaJCcjLAMLf/Ue4GDjm+SQgj250+EMBZ4r4btYJSOnJzQ5/V7QYEduyDlHAc7wMbc32E7iN3XD4dQKjQbQm1KQyCniG97M+AD56HH58gtsR5wgFPEviaejdLA+A4otw+GBVuIsCxnTF+7OJLYna8Ne/jizaElDAcd7M9lew9pfC4eOEcCcFNJtJLqBBDwsdjf8JyLKNEXCct7OtAC7cD9/bFoW7KSCDC2i32YPM/+Ks0DZQwFGe74XezLD5T2vh5cB+80D823f//fb7f/z474cPnv3wwz+fPXvw4OHDH7//9j/f/T06w8WIn///+cbHBIxzCzczQvn/7J37UxRXFsexp7ulq38YI3GmOmrFGSwei4IMC8iAMCJBmJGHCjOo7ADhIVJTRsSFNTDI1ioPX0FRBIwCqy4joCwYTJWvqFVqJW62NBU3lRiS2ip/SSq/7T+wtwcSGJjp6em+d2DZe36gEHpm7u3++D33nHvuYWnA0pXBGMCZ9gnKDAyxn6aj0df9sbr2fJNZP2olPVucxWzKtxmCoD8MYvlFl1bmIfyXVS4Arnb+ke+9KwMqt2/fjteALvZUoUCXgdnYSdP7WbTohTUVVFhnYKYHymcqbHLk5zscTU2FvBbqLXHTIPaWF4YZWJgPY2ng2hvTttbZWH65ewD/TyN/YQeMrgYwKJqma9GNXW0rLJ8iK89iLswPa9YpPYLKGdozCs2/omrVmzKKWGgALg0gCL6VFv9l9mUuLhgDONueIHTAZ+rpCETZP0KXbx6dQsnusOlEs0RwzRkm/SSGceZ8XyAUBNDzZXOCEAygawT8ENV7VyXTZUg237gw+yR8FrvPMjalh4awKfEEEBoIyACuXPnrMo84UFkZ+O/KtTPTMBjAGbYCYQS8Lh1F+Ms2F1Y4ha/c0ayS+1aOcqcUjpraWZgAzvjXW86wZMN0IhoD6GKX0Tng98voZNiVz2y7qZcnpqKwXRlAwOF5EsK4gjAVCgD/1w3xZO6gS0Fv20nXw02/EEVO+gAqarhDVdrs/BtbzTYWA+hXAIkhxSeo9G8nHQ219o9zWHj67DYkFYXAsfNvP+pQYwD9COBTRQ2iUyDrAH8wD74V2YGftBbYENazAoEFUUme2fNyUEIQggEUjEAOokoBriuj6+GxEhSm59d9GSrUdzsog/8gi4PDCuiXyRxTHEUTgexIp89De2d1E1ig5RU0+6ecwSmD1kI1BhD9ZI7UKO4jeeMqwB+s+ENtAr63t0ntv1uuyqgAwNt1GEDUk3mi6ECiKlXJ0PIvOnseSerD/HySibDxnthchAFEOpk7iPZAziTT6XD40xXw+LXPRylhsxkgWN6MAUQ4GUQpmI31dDqU6nvOlDeXAf+ZgaffzuEoGBWAD9GkYIhOeieM/Tc2HwQD5UXzee91dpKMy2exAqJZ5wyh2QSupWkYrV+KQCBQ0T7fd78ZjMLSjgFEYX9DI4DvR9AfQghEgfd10Z75MjYD6HCBGgMIXwA7kAhgVRm9WXbMQIT1znjq82yciSStDnaxA/jx9pCQP2wB937VmmXvBvthMkAAERzEDDoPIQFtKHfxe/NuRXoQihsWOYDvbFm//sKy4IC9Ie8E/3nNUuSTQSOAxE26TG4AzDrySGvTgmphRAA/7BTBxR4FX/wrsWZvQMDykI+RA4hGAGvpCLkF0GogN+W6BfZgCDUQZb16ka8B2d8vC14bWAm++92GyZ/wh01Xo5kMkhB4nfwApLmXtGYswDPsvAjG2RYzgMEhgSFbAv4UuBp8//PZyZ+tclZzo5jMHYUCfgi8MZmOlscOAdyvRbcwH5CugiTtixjA5esrL1wMdgUQnQJeRrEJso8uk7cDpzKD4Fe5UJ9QkIn8zyJPw5z9u6sLRjaZIzUIdoG3yc1AF42SeRkLuYVMmGORA/juBj8FIR8gKIM5U0bvk/d4reQonJ03QqU2lKQkRGq12sgEozGl5BwkWV3Ea8ALb60NvhC4xT9pmI1HEfw9rs10spzcCdEEol9O5hi4koTMtGpNKjPH4nvupQ1qU1QYQA/289vLLp71VyL6vuIo9L9T9AMdIacEIaiAJE1ytt5UxpHq+N94yypNKh671NhYfamrp1iTNE2kpnHQyKEHEFfDCFoH/Ha8wAHvl8OfGSz/pAtfQs5YlpOvpLHEEW2KTjlrgUFw40btCNDGSQqL0xKUsAG8sWLabuC9YC85GPhJ6H10sgxRVZaTVpvE16qjuia1LVFb4hUrLiUq0Ulh6j2tGiqAvyim7ZdZ3bEwgKhzMMSOCDkRsEpPWtvl0FecFhnqi2AedkLYlXkOFYCu/QExgLNDENjNEIh6erMs/uKk1D1zk/SNRYX6PuDxwR4ng5FKSAC6umCsgAL2FH4I8i86QnoNgqpCEn8laakS6Zuy0KhqsHCMP2zAUbB/ARyCfhh9RbqMCEQJ9M/n9F94JC9+PdLpm/LggxqfZBADCMEewd8G3k+nSy4CDCr3nT/1YBLDZCX2Q0ims8ZGXgYHOQygvwD8QDEEeYggApHcBZUoIK0++l/VYeB7kwahFUyrM4EMlkaFYwD9A+BB6N0QOul6yVrkIPN8i3+JSKB+Y5HhMCfARhYzjCaBwAD6AcBH0JOAQAAlV6HaSNK3/PM4WPtpjNDvMquNZ5hqAzQA8U6IRwE5Bt0D36SjpQ5GF0faffK+OVlMaSaScn1VTiqTdViFFRC1AnbA9sAyBFBlIfU+0OT0vo2hqO70uXtAXFMwgGgBBDEwZA/cKVkAWTPZ60Mooa5G4n1nmBFEI4eVGECUAB5TdMAdX5V0AWwirT4kYBLimdRMxIflVGmA8X4MIEIAh2AXwuyTHAKDACRM9MVKgEaPAf3tNiYxWSMsBhDVZI7AzkKv2Cm1CoGLI03i3e8Yw+SE++N+c4kgHOYwgIgm81RxEO7waulkiQJoJy2iHeq4holP8dcdjyxlNOcwgGgmcxn2ceDzUk8CN5Ok6B0Qo2ck3Fp47kD357uvZN+61dfacnx33eenfCqC5nEfxwAimcxByJVY6+gIab2g2QrxGUBtFtMlliB209Xsk99Rcyzmx5arA2J9uLqHiS/BACKYzCOFAm5X/E6pdYAOMk4sU1EMkyjKWasmWtqGnbg17Nnadqv1Sl3d8Sut2X2v2mImKWw4eXxA1IKBG2NK+zGA8CdzH3ISBoQgknIwhNoqdguOAPzliKBGOXHrDQ/ZcFvLROic67lTddnXHjulsLVbhBCquphUIwYQ+mSeQC4FlByCmEm9yCNwmQwz4vUzlA/6eOnbmn11k8DbEqF1r3hIH/dNeGVQWc2kJkgHEO8Fu38CRyE3RJAagtjIPINo/Rv0dlFuK69tMS2xYoTyQfYe/uKr3vgPamSyErACwp3MI0UN1GL8HXSEpGYwRAVZKDL+ZZhMbyHv8WGx9E19emwLYHBrt5cXsIlM6TgGEOZkiKeQl4Af0vUSBdAqLgI5V8qkebmkeytFXev2cSGg3A00sy3WiwZeYjQcBhDmZGBnAeuleWDRAqgqZrqEV2u7XlHUnqsS1qFcSwNF9QlX1nAa5hKBAYQ4mQ64LWGqaFqSBxYrgMQ9JkmwWkZ5pYFqaJHY72VXH0W9qRNk11A6awGAAZRlG2vgbgTX0uclCaBepACOMKklgt43hqJ+3CR9/LFtFPXqkNAVWiarHwMIazLEHcVRqE3Zoum/SHlZO2kVVQUIApBIoSChBcQeD2RNiNj9htrTLXRBousyEAMoy+7DrcY/E0FLOo1eLq4KhksSDEByr1FUq+y2fwMghGkVWGaqNEwjgQGEZJDT0D/QyVJUR0fmieoCncgUC/AVGkMNT0CYhLIVuHHPn0OUZDEJGMCFGYN0SuuI2kSWi7lsPIvpF+QvZpcw6Ll3v//ssxdfv9x0SDjn/GCYalMJLUSLWQwgnDVgjeIOzJGdl3Yc3SJuF7iRaRTwv4C/XI+/PfT982ffnlgybV+e/lSA1lPD1DXPBKriGS0GEIodUShg7oOckZaEMZB5YvIm/UyWwTN/W6kYTym85V89++MkdtdP37797IvrUyR++/ylJyWMfUy98qySUUySUgSA783ojvUeBtCdAD6EWw29TdISEHhgs5jBdglEIJ75Y1/f5nn75zcvXu/6LbQIzx14cZqH8sRHr90HzbFvqFaPnxakmU4GCgD4Ez1tP+H2bO6DYKh9KffTN6X8N7CIOolkZFI97lIoT3pY/+U+/5IXvn+4Sw0e+OojJ5ruEZygqDqPY4lkSjlfAcQNKt3YZbhBcD1dK+FVRaRVhAcmepgcj7/ro/a440/5KSDsxDd3PWYG2ZfPwRWn77r73XHqu24RgxHtgrECurEhqD0R2J20lK74haI88AzRmWO7qYZTbn48cH3Jki++9lLnd+g5cMXPDril+vEu73KMgxA5dhBqMeAO+r/snY9TFNcdwPct95Ddu1uUKC4aVhSVYGNMQ/wVYUxsCKMp9phaW2VsjbaR9uqIPy4x1oTmgkFFoQ1Oomn8kfoDUabmh4FDYlCRWJFfcqaCkgllRJ06g07zD/S9veNub3cft+wt1Rz3nUGOveXu4Xzu+33fn+/nek5VeFWTBd7PnCIyVKlqLW8Wg+auoAui6ZQqB+hUsdGpR+HnA2xITwwSwEhBqmoUxshMsD4fJHaJSUMUeizDEJvgtsNdKka2ywFK8rUtYWYFKL6mokEhJJZnTWJWRjTgoxaF2aKrHeld00EN2dsZzGekp1K2QuVmja4DoFRufa0Wq/oHcVMjACoELoY7SEtLyPZ+ICIAhiBnogqNXNf7usZCH9e0BfyMmUF6Sg0TcxUATQrza2EtPgYDYUytAg6lK2K7Bb8ibwlmRAAMVY4ZGwb8U/RFHb+11HQ8+E17mGxSuUzGDaWhpBF/bUrQ0OP/shbPJQRjALEloFnpchTBLDNRJe+NABiqGFwL85Kehkz6oJZxCAuZ9aSnPoffKK61+S2qV+uhr9Z7LR0ckp6OmjutV7s8F32/kt8COhVbxoQLxGDgM0x2QgTAEGVdVIOBy3osOnrwIxHosaYlGiqoVkqyrzIHAt6Qe7D0VQeolmg9xGB+d4eTE8X7jXNetyE4eT+BtmZQkqoM8OSSVvehZ0kRAEMQY+PQT0b/Vkct6BOmV7VY4AUJRAW4WBE/aQaldKDv0YuZ66hxP7DzrNtdc6evB2nCZVZeaofLi0Gd4qXSiCrwhKc0IgJgCHLa0MmAq3RFYY6bfhX8prnMh4RnzBeUO8BroDlQbZnvclx3bRzLsljpuVyClaIvORGBdt4uMcNdoFmx49sJDxHeeZEnEBMBMAQxNhHyL10dmS9r6QZZyMwjWuALCmgugSuBF5oQf4g6CytY7Ngi81arhWcRgcglwRe9CKYWg5vy19oHs4ibwAV0BMBQATSyHPU1XZOhl5p+EfymF4lpkOVKF8TmAAG7Qrqd41otLMsLLM/eZ28jw4seIsEEIhQFnx2+Ai4p3BAICcbfvIBJiQAYmpQZOpntHV21MM9pScTtJ/YifQN3yi9Vg0bp9o+qdXJNVhcCzsXfRhyydgERiHgUdeADwWoVBK8KzADAJn+1LEgqSZjIzI8AGJoYmwr+va56/E+1RGHSSbX4tHILSHeCVt8PyAFe1sP1IaWH+EOqzlqPVR/v0YSW606uA6k/f0iwROmGHFIS7pUvRTc4jAFcs2Lq36ZNx/+ljyeNnJA8BH9MoaEF+e/racmktWSCYxmGYAfLYaU8dFILHPle9ScIdktXL9cr8se6kAZEug8jWO/CZtgqIB3YIQ0HtoMKc3Ab75U3xJKsMAbwvSnJydNGo//MNVPHJb+dNML4P8bYWoQX9FQDJphMwSdNfsHMJm4Bv5NfqgKlPvWHVF4N12PHyLEeqedZnwgCW4/cE0lKLlbphuyGuYTg0gwxDhPmJjgzZhRFJ62hqLipHxn/xxh7Qs2P9WTinjHNCn7Tov7SE4Vsh0XySy2+JAjWgDzH1YlW186z9fV+ED3XLK4arkOakitV2GDkhcSSYkN7wx/A6THJ1OSYPPRo2tNhCuCvg5vp+UQAi5QANoJ2SrIHdHJuFqMn1LMS5edVgZS9hrtjDQCwTfZymyAkaMCnmP1hDyA9bQJFbY5JRA//8554JW7EiBGJwwxAigzgYWXr0CWJD0LZ+Q7OzQusYHGxShEoCwLQLskKl4Au2cstg5WE954k5qfDG8C1oxNlAD4uNrcYtgd82ADiVHDwuz5mJhKe2alMxJX688BYA2IVZ+ftlKDAr56/bUEa0M1LHOEWxR4wA+YSAfwy3AFcmzQZ/Rtggg3VgMY6Ibo0oCYAX2HSiU7IIfml66DJ/4PVcpe7i/Gy16toQIReL3dPqgErgLwqcCZMo4apE0KvTZoufh8yJ8RoAF/TA6ApeAXDF0QAX1cGSZrA9QAeuR6LXbgvA08UF0KvhwsgrhjIigLp3cRcnCc/GMYAfjJ1VGZmZviHYYI3Mj1PDMMcUYZhqn1hGFHucU6c8JWIGA7E/jAvWM1OLlNycyoA+bKX+wruIrz3CbFRPowBFHd7MVOGMBD9CAAYryUOuIdZTVCT38Kj8kutoET6YxfHuQVsgF0+J9gl6kAcERSaOKc0kJ0BgPzjcBnuIKzqFPMGFUnFhSTGZkL+oScTYtaUCclmCAX5GXCrPEeCICqXbgJ7EYEWqyCIXsh975fdzt8W6pGHgqMw/kxIaSC8WLYr3RyvvCV2hUQADEEehVzwL01/CX7TSoZ0LHoWPKJ0gy9J3WDkhnB3aRyW5sWAYP1tMS8suNhuJ+fsluaCy4HCB6HTiH1JhhUj0IkTxuc8OzwBNLIaZouuapjfaRnNNo94NMhhpRcSoAKRdqObOK4PKTmLxAXBLLo5rqcWR2h8GrAkcPvoUbG3CImQBIaJN0gDJuZRmUn5wxBAY+sBL+qqB3zT9OfgN5ELUsvhrfgBVSCGsJvjOh54I9Eu7BPzFt6FTHNffkCn5k3gUDTG7VR6OV5Z5AlOGmWCcxKHIYCnDa2I/qmuCfmaSvLJyWBkIr8dUAWKZviek+Nq3MjpYHEVlhXpQje6Uk339yx5tqMtgQEcUY7C5QN/KPQAOGpaUsw4/OCj0SNXjBIv5eUMQxNMNxjaE/Jk9Es6fusJ03PBbxrrMXdqUqTStCFTgQiy2h7clVTThIyvhXV34/bMnlr/0+L3dlCsOKAhBUIb0QdZGATAzFi/BAyo/MkH40QAnx359+n/nIqTDZnjNw/HPeBJQ7vi/hD9Ix1dcb8xHdRwV7q44VeT3bAyVkUFypwJq6W6DzdkOjt6ezxtmX1y2OIqlNWoyAKTgjBeH2QgAL83+eV72Xg2EcAVn6B/xn+A3nvClOHnBY85WxZlKIBzdA3ojTeZNJyR9BZxOCCywctVVKBszIEFB6O773iagp293dWpUt2HJb8RNCvG9yXkErsy9zDZ8YMCMHBAJQYwTqRw7QSKfvuHNbnSAADpcw0bo6I2Nhh6WLquyQiUpvmoc5l0Urz6CKxUWMlNnbJxVwg13H3Eu7urb+ZLsZTwV6wcDrMYZpHGC57yzmrQbIKVGjAxBpyuE94AACAASURBVNvdNeOpzTE5OTnJwwjAgm0boqKiNmwrMHZdupLB1MtaDql5LJ2ZS/osqY3xszUCcEU5HAvXHdC0FMt+o92ixt8+CHeT3nWit09KpxfsA5BGAP7QJAQAx5z5et1JTN/GhnO00evSF4nWNBqB+hl5OEz5DZXGtdQrADTayK/ngbGfpjYHKFaOAoxNIw8qn8+sjg0VQJ8JHhYAzkHoncboYSk7O2YI1nVRV2f6WE2bwD0MQxxRvl3VUF4rBs1XSfThSIzP/tpKACixqTnYafHkTemLVKgA+p2Q8AaQPn9sW8OGjR70CssOnD1XILVDxskqXXEYtAn8o4a79vfPxFXxY3JVWyeXtQBQp1pqg6PPvG8wESLV0WZW1azE6YBjs5lXBgmgZETviLy8mH/nTZaEYcIUQLoAoVfmRW9jWcO2YwUIPHqo1vVXPeOxcC5Ey0mFTzHpxLqty/CW2jjxuCq5ZvNu+qySEtR8dFOL2ikO5l3kEdHUCd/AVl2BaNElfloaiA47AMecOXvgZKEXvQ0IvfP00C9MnxusbRMYO5vohlD0DrhD1VvtcgBHSZtNze31QFbb1AxAk+rvFsELxD1kbLpvVEOkGkbN4vo2extOr/v6zJwh1HoyN3iLjohQwhLT85rckInEExcyKuF3qtu18kZ8Jldj/7lwAXN5U1rFg2oqVE8JoXZCeJm4llP+s7oiAErV3jm/2is8eeDsmTH/34W9o2tKObVU03Hp8bPJY6KpfZXwqPpB58uqRQabq+q6rnrP6jLbyq+2X+kE4lFd7epUvw6JIzmQR7TAr40jAParPZ+PK1rcAvohLGyVrhGVyAZ/quV8kUnMavKx6jMvwCySm2xrK3H0n1bY6DuqECnGulrC+9JFUNlw7H92PbOeHjSAYXtOCFZ7/Y6GqPbmPLSFzdF3VFLsLC1Fqfh8rAHOS89Ig2kZxGc33ayrKqlw9KNX3NlYdS2feHfqIQgPkz9Kc5kFe6hBAxiGGpA+7w/teXzch70yXZtA7Ae/qeW2j5n+2IeapGTB3JkDv4DZVtt+rdZ7XDUZsIQdcOuRAT4vE6XTCocpgNL4SuFJj6PxCIjOTeC7plmxWu6bx+wdwMRv2gUrd/+PvTP6SWPL4/hkAvaezMNsLimEzb3ZMndz0dUwW0ydi2BBQqqMIo0VtdYolMrdGtNckkYXW1k3TWw1mugGDSVLLLE3NaSRSMMbae42fekfUB9u0vZlX3azLze5+7JPewYZirbiMDA44vk9GRiG+Xk+/L6/3++cOVMFJ653KV89LvF+CujIsw5gUWvvp7/I6MpgEijmaXHErqDHxWF6/5EbVebKFBi53lTsw8oNZeuzEu8XVyBnFsD/5Por/8DldmUik0BsXhEQ5EsSMJESbze9UCrfdlTkAQnLj+WrpQ6IFVUgZ7YI+e95mV5ap6j1CJhmTNB0HKZKA12piWPi4X3lz31XRV9+00yrUvmk1NOLcTNg9NiZj4CydWav4YqosDyqCAjSbo0OREumix0wCP5z6wdRF088hfi1vix5jBO4rBgCULbOnBepwdo2YVkgZvODcGnEV35UKm+MNJWP35su7oOlqyEDONwNRwDWhQbDLHBIWPlitR+5Op9XyZeQpNYZbVnfj78TgB/Guj75cgRgfWiwuk3IDeocKTAIUccFs5kbUIifrAi+Ev0SxO/VkvqYw3x+YMYRgLJ2RqwGY9uKXZWwI5PAxR7L8wgkStk1cleI/M8swmOfbx0bMiMMCDZhCEB5O3NR1FOrMYzcFPLc4Hwh6rcef9SlvudK5f0flx6XKoqbno18uA/xW3yqPvaMER2IqTHRANbtXLC87H2DuNk4DOtWjBmFHdkUB3ZWwHHqmWXlz5CuG2+3XuoPZ5hEx7utF13c28quJb2As/kYoNNg4gFEEbAmKWBzw4bI9jjRrpgQ+FEyC1y0oGOvzzzZhwymeK3LH5482tp61Pfk7eJy1/38q4sjHYLOxPpBTIMhAOXtTG9zww4h9sPGMYF1CIapzACYSYEHkyszfct53ors+XLfyOOrApHHKRcIqjEEoJyd+e79xYaGzgpWRWwr2jRCuya0C6Q1ZZybuNux8vLpyMO+Rw+XRp6+ebxyvZxATXLAN2EIQBk703L7VkNDw04lq3KIgGJQ8MEsAyyJGvkWiQGXE8cQgLJ1Zm16HdJ35U5/ZacZHxA4H5KjwgvsVE28g+kfYy17MBCANTGiv/fBzmVIX3NnL1Hx2UYVm8J1VR0GwEFK7qEqBUBajyEA5eYM0b/3YGf9WkPOLs+uVWWwA4p2leCjcScAXlZiN30xAEJNWOUAoj5g9aoNiF7nevM+es3rnQ96J6t1alubYriM6oC1AJCNSOiqNuQCjEHUYJTYoBIBWAF6dzov59G7tr7zYK+/yvcCrA4InRApAGJ3ayVyl3T6AQhrMJEA/go+2q+HtmdDAJaLXsv7w+gRknyRR1FGIcLFzCwADCXFteAGnQCJFwzgwQ0qEYCC7XwOvYYCerO9EqGXtx7F2Hh5RapXklTQCpM/y/Fki9ygEgEoCL3Xdy5eyaN3697GbO9kDe5CISbKKYVzpQvNABBlq3ptPhhY/U6ygsFAVXAFtnbz9e3ao8e3V4YUgTK7K9qQHUZBQ7UiM87GAXCFtBUNBgJQbK53AL3pm5M1v/fO2CbsRvVi07hhvaBzaqrw9RonzP1c5kiFg4EALPdnP8m1lPNlxpWLt6dvrp2Ug1OCHt1wOAo6oRC7ggZ1RV+tMmVdUHzd+ooHAwFYRrJ3c3rj3q18mcFFvbWTddCoGBATdklDFNab9iwlNg5qDWYYR0GaUldhMFAjWpDi9sMSN6+4zZe5lrIcbnYnFQqRcSyTgvIJXFHaWO4ncZszCmMfYNy26gwGioDHKu5sYSYNKu7rllxLWR6bLYwpjKL9sjljXONNZ6Z9QosSwkY5OHCB150gqjUYCMAS7ZXp2wXFXd+YPWnF/dR2FQuVfFxPx7lgBvzxFKsv/ZPC9SZ3nNNdYA/SxmoOBgLwCMUt1LiXO+/kpzNkt8dMQNhOHaV6OdZkMMcVsHuzIZqNaA+FNnXGRLvDMSZ3jD/qNqmrPBgIwIO2Bmvc9eYixVXJ1j/SFhC8OL9kdMtQZq+9MBtmZ3SxaDYYT3t1FqbwsivmoDKEBINx+gHknyqLf3XhN7/7RrwzeP9eIezJU3H5C9UuNM7PtW9yD/fzVOukRISl3GGvHxw2Jh1206YMKVU0OP0A8k+V/f7b337z1wvnxDjzXcvrQrYHa9w9aWdxxUNiXO0eHQy08Y+WbAsMa6r9HSqtMZNgDRRlMLEJny2irtJ561uCOQDxC99j2Jff/r1MZ7jeXl5ym9d3Zm/KckM30ja13TMxNMCTt9k+N984rsVP0RDVP4C//+JP8K8//HH/lS/PnTv39THOTPY+4JevXLvH91dkK7acjQ1N9HimbKpTOET1D+Cfv/ga/vXvv+2/8lVuXdlRzhBclXuLrzTuyE9yCc1C9+jwAbEd7V7VENiptbMG4JER8HzL9Ma9a4V0r3qr5KuV5k15egaHxg6JbR23JOpUgj/nzAHJ3ZhukVW6t5/m7fJp3gAU2+0pG4nVi53xImRyr1hy3+ckVyYpPK5Z9fRMFKV5g6OeVSOB1ZnV8WIE/qmyR7Rh1mDcu3JAcuVSPEK53Z4r5Hm5NG9Bg2P1afXciM4/VfYzjej3H9mTVYeFHG8cHeS7KgMw5nUvaOuVvDMhwUe59i+5sYfD6hZmerzcBobnG09lUwUBKMznW52ymVDL6W17QW/b5zxT9ZfoIQCF+VxzvZ0v6K1id4LTW5n9p3BSG7H5rKyBomlnyh1ymMPZYDCaTse8OmgWi4WBZuFMp/N6Y+loPBg2O0LupJM2mKw+o5ZAAMoPQFz7id6Oy6Gvgqv1GQ42ZypkDsfTXovfBSo2vy6dNbudFOv7fDaLAKxtqndIb7dPVm9xbSRhopxuRzgY0zGfxc3OWLyx6H5cSzlpmqIMBhPLWhOJhM/ny+wb/MuXsLKsyWSAwRLGShgqg5Bg+8FT6eLmFGUlEYAn4YwaRr0CeiertySkjk45smmd/RBtLkYXi4fNoZST4hTUplGX/fPAD8Q5VZ5wczC/dJXjMJpi1QjAWpYZMNfb5VsrJ6W3uNpmNThD4ajO/4lChpK0gU1kNORhkaxqC0gV4S4ga8mRnnZbCQSg5KZd9cwF8vO3mxOjjeM1b63AaGeg3eaD2Nl10XAoSZkSEVIa1kr+EiKUOXcHkyWUwBGA0pW43YV5tLHAnGe1poKLazMslXQEvUxxsPPGzW7aYLWpT763bdy/g9ji9iEAJVFcvrsyNDjfWLsyA9f6TFTKHC8OdzDa5bCLyG39QpNpn0G0QWX1TFOkuG3tPd0LNRp0NYx3HHdFNQXjDTqSFJuR9UweaQr7Y0cD+EvRU0l+QduzHV/jflTc7dVaLB7IZfWObPENQ0wsG3LKMNwdzeD/hAKINqg8KuxNFWrcWimu2mdImqOW4niXdZwq7gQMBtqgUhh7m4Uat1v69gokz2mOMkWdXUeKYm3qehwMVISUTPche3yROzQsfY1LZkxOx8eYZ4nCgOerizWCaHesstkzNo5OtBXYW5A2/KhsJtoRL5DHRM1Jg0+NnYFogCLgZzostkZ+Om0gMOeRtMglIiwdCur4+Vl/miNPi9WdIQAFRqJxWOaO8ex1SzilgeuttDv7kbxYOGVI1O+6aASggBaLZy6w31gea+/pHpfqxiVcY+V2YeGbeXZv2E1ZNXW+Ih8BWNK0U9t8i6VtYlSyDgvpM6TCMb6d5/Jm3bRVX+/kIQCP0dwFz3Cevd3B+alcJKo+E3jElAzr+BJDF+R24qvJzB1O/nD36vWOZ5dytrJy6VLHdf3dH0gcAXjyAMI6t6d9IF/mbudaLBKMi9ZKO9L5qMfEHU6TdHchEXc7Lj1+NzOy9ajvxYfF5a7WV/eVR9mr1uXFF30Pl96sXMURgLUHUL3K95bbJuanpKk6SR/lDuY7K/aYmWb/z97ZhjSWnXFcLwTHe5NmRosmu910lWXTLNSUSYOkTlCsRbQY82XYTcIWZVg6EAoRIqkg0vqhJjGJUISdTCvEJiE4CLYjmxeUBPSDNYnGl0h8RSuOIwizQ9uPLfSccxONmWjuvYndUXNwQkzizZzcX/7/53nOc++tvob3EErtLrVTMW2ySCYvYa1/ck4jSQ3N3GQmlf0Sk8K5d82xQBHAtET38RefJ/PcX/7o4XV87gRy3GSCWzM7VddUSL/F9HL7onpIsWGRHGXRtQ0HEDa1a89ulcqF+ioRls2XlXIrBNfoMEm2U3+7P3SNFBYBRGAA000mun/74vEfKgvvuVh1u7jheXPKcftqxwtVTRYJpUGDE1LXf1G+gJUanepFu1Slv4A51akRQqvLrLCQW52bXtQVAbyOOWPVZwsb12S6INjrS63fko5bALoxJcJu36K5IHStJofRbAhKVedNp/m+mUhqICns3zcoiwAWdM78s2aCX/3sOkw3Pdjr6Bp4Ics7wxUJrYtq47Q7Xe36Je4NBaROKLq2j0xkHWqF7+VWK4sAFmTORFOqyoIWNgpe+uC3t52VV2pmO+vyPZm3TupyTrvT5U5jAdi57B79/6tyIjdbwNtuO0RFAPOe83+TpgubCQq+oFvVKG6oKViwR6iCaoVJk5aZOobUe1Lld3I4sVBtYrGkhdziuOtOAvgvYLpf/a7wTVTccXFDV1L2GsSN+W1fb3UNbbSmvFZjUqiDUuV3vj4yx5IXbmPVDeXNdxLArx4X3HQru2tbnpMFlkcDbe18eIg2Q1pE8qBZ4Z5LkndkmXYuSt+XDixsm1WwKJAQPykvHyiWYfKP0CF7ZIWlfnZKxrysjOmtBiB6qQKcxGRU29+zNeEqFqtQMUsj8IqXxcMyC6B7SfZ6pmSME2mufM/sOBO9SYvDueh5L9tOhaz+wnwjgPuW19cSxTpgPvFeynPrxzqZsocp7QbjviSVY0j2jQa78j1uhPGwNAVx8lrgvi38kmIhmhl7IM/tSrLXw5Q9kQeIniW1TjtncZj3PAzdDTYbrO7E13ZXVny+UCgajUQi0Wgo5POtxNbiq1JV4QJeK6u1AFsZHYPue4fLMHlMhi/rfNmRp+cScpfRnVyu3W7dGDIw6jzhqlbXfJER29ZSaa7RuxxRFeSj07tZlrzVb7yhubxZTJQUAaT7yT2sayGLLI9mX8iqmbNHyt6cW2EOymmXdXWenVjUa9saTidseGliK2xbWBjxer2JRASORMLrHRlZsIW3JnrhSxZm8jfORQ2LZc7TPWrhBdnHRnPujCKAGdmGeIBcVOtqqRMyM0r5otFEsjdpGlpU0QOYEK7uhi5yN7xlG4n4dnc8yhwUE6q4Dbw+HM/PipUbLFarNb/UY6q+vLy5pZvCzqAD4Gef/v42A8hvnyKvSt/xslPGqLhMeM50b9JtdMlpgCBSrcZCI2FSxUjulhcSod0duY4WwR4v2MLEio65/BnmWP3OvNbhvmlpLi+vaeNT2hl0AHzwwW0FEGuqTbruk9m2RiY5Ahc2kxzRZ49QAsUD4J3HcRM2byi2I2d8egplFKjnEtNYUG5isdz5LIJgjT3gY3wmIyjuDFoW/OA2AljV2DZbn1xWq/2GQcTHt6odyaryHPBciuzpPHFfwnaueL1bNq9vbSbn4i+Hzcn5ZYhNlE4oGUm4+Yg1qc7DwSvrYOg3ME59Z1wB4IPPPkaXIi/58/fvf/ngNgKIhK+DPKFxJ4OlDUwVdG4ki3uafWrxHgjyYtGR5eELikcBvNRg42wKKjhRuqVnIJ5A/vaFzD9xrrgGeEjfKJ2dcQWAP//6AwTgT+//5cd///STWwYg0d3WkxS+AXE3/ZinKjhkSi5pSKbNQQoFFky4FlnYOpO8pfBINLZKu3ZHQQHBUC2VLtONJLguDWvSxbw6PtoG0rf6Nj69nVF27xcV5yPzBJUIwC//Cm4+/Po2AfiwdqCeufCVVNmH3Mhz+y0KtZVKvsJd9S0snUlewhf30EwTtDwtRfbQt2sXBJW06jGYVQGyp1bG0V+1+CWsW4m5dHdG2b0LpcyM07NBACsQhb/54W0BkC9rQW18T4DwMThCUgfgQ71TEoXLQ0U4CfluYrmXrBMnrpC8LHhB6pKDh/OouS8cq1sgifbR0DKlGTZCS8wMl2iqasdg8aCnTkRfDTIBvHiCSsjeR/d+C+79+sOSkj/+6f7HT280gFXtnc9RoeXZi3EGobY+aLRsJ+GjEiphqrWIjYz2lhZ8M9xLjtwg0UvhlQYiD8dT94/x40xEOQIBJxu8+hGIn46G+DnAN2pSYWXmviLZAGzTeCauZmRHmRb8rgIiADEI4A0bGXOubJx6hhKOrj4Z/Q4UTOVSoMMlWK2U4MNU8aiNNN3ecGTtim4rDluA0EtBBEBM3uX4cRJK8HsW9WPjZ4+lPUvEAPEJ6vhxDbAD3+1i1pSDjffBWKarbZRpPHR1GSbDgm8sgJWNL8ZQN1VNSx39mI+Qqqc1SfgWc5c3iHPdg6brIXKltQIgZTqVZya+FltZ8Z0cnBwE1hdOYxXgGTYHwnjO5JngwZ9sCugJl5YuU4/+VEaQSB0pGLbfV7fVkBdhwOiqAR0A05KQGwmgaLyNhO/RQO0obZfRB53kulq/eyiYs7Ih8sQS4RR73tgM9zLR0wJ4ML1nZ80XfRN4Nfi9rGNw8FXUA8UtLRZMCV72eFAXAe67QjW4wKwbMJxQMzukoFI2CwzlSUM7QVMNrgYw7QypZU+f3vvH00/SyjA3DsAz5asfEDfRhQ+TGxyk685tmK254vOKmRUvmWsg9qSiy3JWTDlzEAhsbg5mYDd4+OpV4NUJGG/Q06mHA9EKAS7IooDvbnoG5L4jSorTI/bcYGobdmaRX1MntN5ntVX01ICWAj5AGclP0grRNw3AnidM4SvhBhUp1zXIc/61MmYj2Ru2RXaTuXE2jeKwV6KHacwB5AKB01PfP3EeCAQ5INUl0xH8WxzH38pP1wPoZX7gxeAVnKtqgYQ0BNx3YodiLr/n0EDvlTM5oJ0Y7+xC1ttUgJrYre6G+Tcz+Er4rulJ1MzitPMpCKUvTOa50Xj6UghJCbqFN+Afpnq9CYE6fHMS9R2s4wg5HJ/H/QIeDPcAeOAhgeCYpxXggMWKaADp4CYMBXnnKce7bOvWvCjhGaGUfKjUJlhImnMyWCwp4dc1QO3rmJVV0tsZdwDADKUuu/efbvrwYXK1CZZaJEY7hSofdyeB+giWffLLUgweTCIE7Lfrr5H2ba6/RUwC5nAtRA4Hugfxg5wC9NjogWMcPzgh6Xt9gKQvLeXIUMCk/A4vxCi4LyZ1orCidcjKoONlVDwGCwn1DXV82mpw+wHMjFUZTIZrN6Kl3VanlAK6ytgCTDh6bSvCrJU9dI8H1IpzSkrfYGCdBxUPiJ0fYAbTXy2gzf9tKskA0qbl+f04Tnrv4ZuDeW0ONVtB8rsVWaXAk8iO4optk5pBswzWPYUahrpSV2C9HgBv8GUaMrN1ugCqDBtH6OQ8VHaPLp7YQsbrjWdpnBLg/hSCuwevySx3M3CqRcABTWRD/KDUsWGtbx78sFGhWQt92D+PnHfw9QyBFkAuH8LQMvw/hH1UeOIGHXDtenJ6kUHWW9nYBysuHWPiUWY75w4o4IV6ZUVZWdlHNCajCyok5BJHMHdeJ1oNhVHOEQ55sgulALmq9tR7QqYchyext8hq2RxAm4Cj5bF58zD88yMQyYFCO47AHyC1EjluZgEmfb67sP259F35vYQ+GNVqKMUV78y3vaUerV3WMT8HxB0A8HzJEIwfoAye2mQIqRO1FvSbzJ6cxiuaCZEJ71Yirstquug3wcFBYJNMdTcDBysEDOG0/nn/MUINpLwZY14AgfXzjnnrQP0O47n6DrBVL3R/W4xKHiEi6ZMY/8fe9Ya0lWXx+mi6aGwfVDbRL0L9orKLsobUUZuNI9L4Z0bDTq1NIrZO18KuMliwK9lqkQ5o1MQ44IIplCpRotIdGYNRUQzoB4n/jXVsjKKUdi0U2k6/DLuf9t777ntGG5OX54t2mtwPJabxJS/35znn9zvnnsMl2UZS41bTczOOdVI9VABIpwxZW0Cy14qKqhQ6FqavZpQC36JxOfEjshHNQHH09Suss4wvvUHwOl8FOSwwgTMYbwCEHrYvGgAPmseZNYjahxtC34Uvte4FyHwG7Gw8r3K7CN6gpJkL+sR44LRWftwTn6HmglnejAVtzrS1jo0bq7G3IfCteNMF6fQtDOKeI4lvb/ZDPHK7CGGU460CyBuLhdx3BqHx3RjyxbFRa2vje5T2/PD1xSNFxPPAAK8YEe1us636B5TSQeWvNTopBy0qQ4tIxxVtDw/njUOBBQdKQkQoDS8xS1l9v6p5AD/Xih9RGmZtYwEAVeeRuBI/Fg+97RjA3ruoePD/76LeweIDZAMhG9l6s7Hwlsl6XHj1dpcpP/jo2h/WdqnQM2LAuOX3yEhiLxXVCvQ6Q8AAIuVD1KnoR8U9/PRvCAUWHJAMIzR1A8pbb2WZibIYwda7nH53EknOMw8vvHgTFVsVPxa7n96IRwAcA/QY4HImagbYPI8k8MPn43tuWCro3fdCw7eIy7rsbr9xnxKDb1PfPBUwbyBGUu/iwo0M/hrbhaYQ/bsj1Vgd1MMUanapAMIN+Wa7m/ABu30XfD66ag2Gf1XRKJ2BlED09H9iq8Dj9/bdJZqfUMjb3V2LqoK/7/36Ne6FObqe1en/1EncNuV2N/uaTYGXWIGgDx2LvpKVkMjjzoiS8sIH0/edEyr/ZR0XKUddYPONFh/ow9UpAHqx8FFs1YdxAK21eEB7zyMpJTpq5r0N2ryHHnng16POlffQR8cfyThqn81TBQ5ts6Or/g9qkqZmPbZ8HMCXLKeqdXPupo7w2DeJyO7PvHb2pzAAMfrUsAbkpXWKnR520TkLANC2ofId9kVDgoHCvliYtQXed/cFzLpFRb1xO3fH9149v+Bp8/Z2342N0Zm1owhvjXvehSO+ZRmLI08y9c5LzOc5eM7OhMnbVNAnj+HV9DWg9vClDWEAMugTtNSx2yEsts0t1/hCCvV0PCpYqYK5DATEaOHK4XKr58/H19Y+QA4SC+mxrwMejNTtsjnZuMJaB62jsyiY/dhwFlB8l0OK14/pq4RDWcorS9LCvWEgj7Ui9LGeQCCEkd/Agupjqc8LCgHlReUC2BVDUG6hlMaLt6/f7tlQpwP0PPLTgB6PxXuFM2lx2o3U2c0Bm5PFRyXhsXjU43dHLeMgthQMdeWgUzL5FXz2KxTnNaDpBKWF1WTIkBCft1arqw8EfWC5IyJsq8KPpD6vP+Gil+iDT9egUgRMgA94bC9grplYnp+lW3QsGpf9q8xotgzVkkHRbAo8UZGYosVdwPjkuwB8SRT4rkHTF0IyjK9bI1ufAvhZAvIgcxEbvhW/w3DEZX8ezxDo3wMA9CgTpN9Iubqy0U53/2ubs426/ZJdArZ/ozrra9bNUwH7XWIkAc+YuJSVkM2j6YtLakCD+K5lllWLQk2GOfLWkus0AoE+wOLz1Yh7Sj+Kn5fIkMGlB0A9irMOvphItO+2z9FdOhbbN1ZWWXRYUDI9GaZ3zFOB97yMqcDNcL4e1mbwOcFTVF1ITYG8cxB8oQ5AYhvESBJHoBvV7tMAHmUJ432SW+bFQpV71MY0iBmYnd+aqGFDFwxqK5XfeNmnC7T1ILqAfJA6p3D78VABn+3RyY4yagzkncJqUQCa2OcPQOG2HrgpdcBVSMAAspJiD8eC0X5eLFQ9GzXi00sR9xYXjU4Lq05shMqhwyMtFUV1Fg7pWVJO8Y3I9ElOPSGOZms3+6nB36UNSXGBaGIhAMDkOmD9npo5/K23g2ghkgAAErZJREFUR9gC/h1Mf48wfweh5zLan7Ft3EsaWtc1OOBrNXAxXAz4rjyAKjN/QR+RVnIdzUN7ciNPHJAmFgoA/Ldaw/XszUREROBl694CQMhvVatO+z70lgD0WDfFIi292PDV63UOTuNsaKUF5tc6+ZRaiDRMdy9fL/HXxj00AVgEj11zi3TmkRTCKjDz4o7Bg4uqCfeyfcM4N7DfCtDFQI8FDpJlDrMVN77UWP0fTPZKC+T0ME++wSe8WXLjCUV3G5uEbDYjFGWYXwRqrs2OVbO48ml2wWlh16aZqEm0rDqX7fPG2SWPXs+4zfgoe6snlG23WunxhdMt3AxfTIXHQEV+wUd2NFJjSK8Bukuy3YxQtIC/6Li7lzMX3XZGnLu3uAQ71a8sbzmfuVcnJiZWV91u+5v5reUV+8K8zTg75xpoOzy0Y2Bp1raw8mxCxd6MEolTrd241bTgaV+RmtM4JSI7RTucQw9UlPM6LDSuuowiHJcrGzvIQDaDU4PK3zgAFcceuFe7urIx1xbBct1bdM3N2uZHlyHqCAbK7N7JpC7CHfYFL/XdrRzHF4ozhiidBQ3YEfP6hYqxyAwIR8BjSH0A8FePhPmvh9qz/cYB+D++fI5K6t4ahZauvX1uyTUwMOByuZYGgGedNdo25u2jy073hExJcvNzImmdjh5VXa/obp3iOHKL7EnFAV9OV3EKr04X8I08PHm+tCGJy9wo1gA82KDyM9ABP+UlBDyDbnIukKybHTKOISvRyTjdW7kJvIp84FNm03zjTmF1HN+b4btBZRiAQVqE0qRmgj3Njq5Xyjla2B8zkT6ZL+d5+Csgu5TMV55Z1iE6w11ADFfDfCpGL9HQa2ZGBkOeYajlfDFxQT4e55kzrE1J43n8a1w1JrvllY1NMcHajDAAT8jk1UodrUU7tLgi2FRYQbDHGTIxIynFeMoEHDPRQ/L7aWOaSnDIV17Z3xQTzM0IAzDIK84ypdatK+iBwYBm7BRxHxkMLyhPzcLT2wH28gvEPP+lpCUVZpZTfCNwshsGYFBYMJd9pICnnxYwU9L7us29hsRj7CjRmTE0Sc3yjLzdpU1Ado9Pvyvq6L+O6AZS+eJOxBp83pkQXe2JA08p3T5g8QSaPmtznUl2rPmTZ8iKBG3XbdrsDWbwHe9BnaWQqqcCXDeJ98uHaiZE8NRcczJvRqpMvWYQ4708DLxjR2fQ5VJMIzLnUW4q3zwXfvaOfoptnH1yvb+JDNJmhCIAHXqBYFpNBvE9khMNDrXOqtcwuNsErnYfeMeyJERixiCWliPT7xanjAh5//ww4sOGL7MsSRzMzQhJEkIVQ6sNSn7TAiKV1NTbqrP2aTYZ4D2F5ALEeMn8GKWKlOLH6fsuV0zw//2ImuiI78mNkqaYoG9GaLJgYa+E4Z4Ok9+p994BRyplUtN2ndqs697pU2jqBfurXtLS3ayessTxhZC4noTiu9jsfX0rK5XfWoJ97N2g0row4hOf1GaEpgyTrG6R7BsqwbSib727qNmsrnNMmUwGg9QiY5ZFajCYTFPbvXXqVnOzrqh7vUWvkEx7Ag6bO4l+p8hcNyVV8llbXJCa24WtXmQ6YLkVZFCxd/anoEV8YQAeuhkq/9Ci8HCZAa3NaYm+Zb1bZ1b3ThlkSrxrfIEvZiRlkJH2Ii/d1SYExewdxF5jddwpbUYoAvAMgcFC1MoM0Jc2Q+vWp1coJBLNNLM0EolCoe/r21m3dhfpzK3QShqkMqWICNJHhP528hJFcSNzbj0YSqkIjkkSNZWcGvbCAPwEFyGWp2ofY1E58vZwVn5GpzA4bxXTVNJQeu0UsRcG4Ce1hJ0Z+VnDWFOOvPJYmyoXB8vACm/mNVAiy9knp4c9sP7+83/DADz1RY6kDD24hUO9ry9NFidUiIKH82wmpXu5srFafGp3TfzlHz/++dy5q2EAnt6Kq8jIz6WllcicR1mDKSNBlN3Im3mFmZcx9sqSgmZf/a8fvvr+T389B9e/fgzx5kSnY/KyC1KLHzyilZXI9K7c1IK0IOKBEFcDnkv53PLMwqQ04and+xd/RIYPrD/c/+6rH8Ix4ImGeWnyhKGsLppiAOQNZw0loFAvaOiL2Td7wO4V5t08PeyBiO9v979B4Lv65T+//SJMQk6O2vakDOY+pmUVwG5vTWpTM0aCLPaKOxizd630Rn/1KfrcM7//9vsvryLsfXP/u5//3965/USR7HG8U0tgzDwwAwyEywQQHJE7hOgABmERgjrGAII+AC6zXAYieCEh7hCUDcgzw3UjXqIPhmhk1egL0QQSNf4FPJKYfTrmnKezu0+bk1PVl+nu4T5TM1Pd/fvG4OwlZVfXx9/v9/1VTfcguOCIgUeKPKmVfOTH7FtnzxV3p4abBOw0OnqfiGGvCoe9xCjebtTyaXGhgE+6C4ufWszQhgn7ZLaBdzH70dkXxU+PRyAEJU+3jfcJLjfmSvtEVMOe0m001k26bYdZDADw8Doxf+boi+pHSvB+I0XefEQCEHYaE+3irkZX1XhTxLZzd4nCOPBJbmNAmXQBQNqTMad0V2JX+1Y2FzjiEfDKI5X5EhUp90lvRzRdrhj4hv2Bz1voDGoxAMD9qHt/vrjkUvWtn/zdFKnGO3M8cuufeC2vo13hNGZSo3xzfbu5DQCQwmTi57srj54j1J2+KGN35OLpB3exq+2OaL0Vr0BPcBrxUb6vNre3Tki6sTWro3sHPgDwwCEmpfaMAN2D7J+PKHXqp0fVl84Vn3+fIgQ8FCX0xttmous0CHuFXrG9zLsNH4XFMC6A8Sm1TyuLS37/pfrW2wDmcI59cAtTd/R8d0o0Ohs8esIXw1lBj2xtiF0Wwp7LR2sxjHIeMD51/v3T85VHS15cOnsXE3fqxyMBOpX99sNZDF3l0/nkqC03i+gRoyttbfSUDbsGqUYDXT8fsLr67odHbx9kn/754pHtuoiRu1X9y+8lmLna1CgbSpXNILUeE+hxaHBzWGSPNxvheDjR33/I+ltfT8f6U5VWT2U/+O1D9dlLL0qKK8+8P56MGLlOjN4EY7We2GSRusutYwP81gYKZTEOCKCung/4z7mSo8WV5890z6ckm9m7QJQ63dTBInqEPdHoFiwsHtTo0knB8HzASCgZB72rfSdj2EOP5NyyRqnJ4nUnhnsxyH9A5Ds75Bf0AcOebmvzVsarxM2MmJg3vReYQQ97ja2BsR6RvSCMrkFdcH+nxcF/yM13LA8lsDoZc/n1tgu9kr+NeVI1vpJXm8jK1TkL/T63YAHHPVvkooHmT0RnfPvKA2huzvTUZw0xByBKmVEUejEn+65O5F1LZuf+Jcr9vdYxOvWesSIgxx3jAaw32TmuwhLHzGQEiyEdmYrp6mvvaJrmjwiyYr9tbu9qjcBez9jAVks4fZr+Acxoxj9emawMTEZtMS5f4Qu9CO/j7Wdz5f3cnrLhzZaw/73QP4DfZ8lPS4Xw7xKwmbdHfDKYvECLcb2ctf7PoEs6xxLbWBZKb9nIAGaYRHl2AVD4HyI1mfja6204255UW4x41u4asRpia5nfzx2M4J+tMwAbikQl7JKCIxMBE8uxwbgqhzz2LIZUj+KwJ5V7sTV1Xrcv0lcAJiTM4LXjbMsgeWKHRQx7PcTm2qJSiuoWQGT3ZDg8njjO3DzrsYa5DRMfCF4XNhgreddSEZO3Rh32JoVyL0qXqt8IWMpXe1bSiLaEqxGdTGo8zYC3LewNfCq0RfuK4EBqMCEk9Vpe2wWFuQgAj0n8fC7v6oIc9lwk7CHEAYAaAtCcMp23Mt57pUtV4ykiHpuBz9my5T9H4K/2mF8MAFBhLabzSKZ9c9kP3pO+9g5GzUVAteddXGiVq70WpJnFMDyA8QJ2vVfkRBtz+U3V+ETTTHki+5McdHsXpWqP7OW6bRpbDGMCiFJrZ/JWArCL6XpTdbVjJW9a3DbjENPT87lH/egV1NQNb7aYtbgYRgIQB7vrTRPj7VVvutTY4QKvaaY2FWlkYhi9gTGx2MMZd3grXEdYAMDQ54ySeeoutFepgl3MyStVV7GvmKlNRhqako1spknoNZax0F8BAPeYc1WfKtbxwW58oi1vujxea5NxFm4NS+dXtIWekQH8r0BdX/t4B6FOU8HOL3PLJkavQG6v8Bu5CCEAkPk5r1xXxjqENIeea3JV6q5gi+t1D2p4McCEaKrW25qs86O3sCpsaOhyMQBA1hwuthlSrVfAN5XNul4MAJCdfCu3lHGtt4rRc+pmLe79BQCynG9ll0Ec7qhb6wlXxd7zG++mfrhNA8C09PRnACA9oUH3qNzWK+BbyjaO0xt7vGgAeCLdHpf+CgCklG9XFfl20evSR6m3I3uf76/baNSAd/I5bqgCAKSdb32s7zqHyF7QJsSan2VKIx8eJlk6rRxXMcRx/d8AwKCDniLfti7oLt+SmmJH9vYDsOGmLNUDKuuX0ngAKyzPir46cgHAUMjzBz095lvC3saXGy93Zm8/AP+jVMDj2XgAO1/jH+lLkIIPSx7xGHK6LagR863eZFv7+HhuZHf29l6MhCyTUg71AyoJgAk8hUOZgglpAAAP5m7ralqV5Okw6BH21u9/vi2wNzL3+OO67fCLgchXuAOkjoB20x38qT+dtGGSoA2zD3mfhv1baBJ5Tk6PIuXebSHsTb18/GUNhWUx1ABqTBEEcAfyvHolT1XuTb278XwDhW8xVCkYANyXvNjGskX9ksdxTlzuKazG83vhXgyVCQEAjUueymqMzO1mNaguBrrp8Zi+eXL9bRgAkF+Iwk3vQFnNjuQhXaKH7j1XWY01Z4QWw8r74lJ/I9rYADpbXKM45EnbZwJ5m7omT51yp17e+LKB2IoGRgDQTHLtqv9LaLGxPQt1+vW2SpfrD3s/3BasRihfAwAAD514fIVbk4vyDkZsaw0JeYU+3d8355rC5e7d3QMAwzBnHy7yFhVFXkHj2OLklq6O6O0e9tbvf55Thz0NtSQ0DiDvLlRF3tjq8Ce37nOtGPA3vvjPEYzQCnsA4MHAc42qwMNF3rABijz5Bqwr9nLfCU4DRTkaGABA5AuMeKK7sBnnDqENeT+Nb+7di3Y00D+AmDvXKHa1co3Hg+d3FwghQ9wcZbVHGixrzmhGA/0DKHKn8BYB4BlHNkVvb0TcT0PRiQb6B3Bn7soWJw1jLrYZDTHj8tXemjMq0cA4APbswJ2NM6D43TQ549I3uQDgjnP+l8Sdy5jcSR7Xn3HnDnWCBQAMdc5bLYmccUV2NFQZdwNFczHABRss495WZNw1GywGzDlS6D2em4pIaw8WA+a8G3qUN3JhMWDOh0Hvy5oNFgPmHD30ECwGzDns6K2zH/UAQF3OmaD3UhNRDwCM0xt6HzWIHgCoi4SrRo9v7Gnq3A4AqFH0NsgmbgB6CBYD5hx22fiNtBEJvZcCeggWA+YckVJP2sMdkR0ugsWAOUcw306RoysbCBaDbeV+T7IkZZAHyuXmO5aHErQ558B8+/gjK3u4AOA+qi+tz01b/spx5uZMT33WkNbmvFu+hXSkJX1LwiSa7ORx1nFamTPJt3JrRV/51nAALnVyXEYz/vDKJD5EiTz31c4/8JpR/fVvURi9G/8rjNO77HreF811POO477Pks0V8iHqGCcSYcvXEnJ8vD/4He/p3LhBAEgFz6UZA2gHVzvTl0Z/tKz0B2FAkKoHwV0oeQK9OwWEoO2hXMWxfHuOzZUj29F/5FyCE3YQAgADgjvxl2hsaGkgbZtZjDWcbBgAEAHfQMaEW5Egj2qJuRCdkJND8kygPx/jlMT5bEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKptcc5raDU32lxCANTGY7i23+kN9ujjCxLZg4X+kQdy/lF1MZ72OxwdNZTuzrtaI9zWkEp49tXHkBKw1F8/5n0Zvt+R1rOr1kht9tmj+Xk5CfdpDVeWn1R0ZIlh9bVaUz9O57TClLHeAApDUf3DZAEQJTVz3EJjoc0xmswWamOt/yM5mga0vZzWiEDSGc4yu/AJaPl8icz8ktpjFdkyqE4nrnCkkPz6jRUB24/pxUygHSGo/wWcALgHRKaxcsLUSg/k954OQ6To57m1TGtfc9phTAcdQARqwAOJdnpjXeiyLO0nGMUAA90Tiu44YyTgoeyiDmimTRnXxswBYvntBBdE4J0b0LQUFYR/ztF25BZajwTssc5reDqSU+Gw+OJozUcxTZMnPhme0qNjtcOK75v1NowS9bcnCVTvfHaMHuc0wpKpfxwVlrD0WxEi2+2p9TqFe7bMVqt4+9JluVZIzaiQSAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCBaP/A1rgaSuuRBT+AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Two-component Gaussian mixture model: data points, and equi-probability
surfaces of the model.

A Gaussian mixture model is a probabilistic model that assumes all the data
points are generated from a mixture of a finite number of Gaussian
distributions with unknown parameters. One can think of mixture models as
generalizing k-means clustering to incorporate information about the
covariance structure of the data as well as the centers of the latent
Gaussians.

Scikit-learn implements different classes to estimate Gaussian mixture models,
that correspond to different estimation strategies, detailed below.

##  2.1.1. Gaussian Mixture

The `GaussianMixture` object implements the expectation-maximization (EM)
algorithm for fitting mixture-of-Gaussian models. It can also draw confidence
ellipsoids for multivariate models, and compute the Bayesian Information
Criterion to assess the number of clusters in the data. A
`GaussianMixture.fit` method is provided that learns a Gaussian Mixture Model
from train data. Given test data, it can assign to each sample the Gaussian it
mostly probably belong to using the `GaussianMixture.predict` method.

The `GaussianMixture` comes with different options to constrain the covariance
of the difference classes estimated: spherical, diagonal, tied or full
covariance.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gmm_covariances_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * See GMM covariances for an example of using the Gaussian mixture as clustering on the iris dataset.
  * See Density Estimation for a Gaussian mixture for an example on plotting the density estimation.

###  2.1.1.1. Pros and cons of class `GaussianMixture`

####  2.1.1.1.1. Pros

Speed

    
It is the fastest algorithm for learning mixture models

Agnostic

    
As this algorithm maximizes only the likelihood, it will not bias the means
towards zero, or bias the cluster sizes to have specific structures that might
or might not apply.

####  2.1.1.1.2. Cons

Singularities

    
When one has insufficiently many points per mixture, estimating the covariance
matrices becomes difficult, and the algorithm is known to diverge and find
solutions with infinite likelihood unless one regularizes the covariances
artificially.

Number of components

    
This algorithm will always use all the components it has access to, needing
held-out data or information theoretical criteria to decide how many
components to use in the absence of external cues.

###  2.1.1.2. Selecting the number of components in a classical Gaussian
Mixture Model

The BIC criterion can be used to select the number of components in a Gaussian
Mixture in an efficient way. In theory, it recovers the true number of
components only in the asymptotic regime (i.e. if much data is available and
assuming that the data was actually generated i.i.d. from a mixture of
Gaussian distribution). Note that using a Variational Bayesian Gaussian
mixture avoids the specification of the number of components for a Gaussian
mixture model.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gmm_selection_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * See Gaussian Mixture Model Selection for an example of model selection performed with classical Gaussian mixture.

###  2.1.1.3. Estimation algorithm Expectation-maximization

The main difficulty in learning Gaussian mixture models from unlabeled data is
that it is one usually doesn’t know which points came from which latent
component (if one has access to this information it gets very easy to fit a
separate Gaussian distribution to each set of points). Expectation-
maximization is a well-founded statistical algorithm to get around this
problem by an iterative process. First one assumes random components (randomly
centered on data points, learned from k-means, or even just normally
distributed around the origin) and computes for each point a probability of
being generated by each component of the model. Then, one tweaks the
parameters to maximize the likelihood of the data given those assignments.
Repeating this process is guaranteed to always converge to a local optimum.

##  2.1.2. Variational Bayesian Gaussian Mixture

The `BayesianGaussianMixture` object implements a variant of the Gaussian
mixture model with variational inference algorithms. The API is similar as the
one defined by `GaussianMixture`.

###  2.1.2.1. Estimation algorithm: variational inference

Variational inference is an extension of expectation-maximization that
maximizes a lower bound on model evidence (including priors) instead of data
likelihood. The principle behind variational methods is the same as
expectation-maximization (that is both are iterative algorithms that alternate
between finding the probabilities for each point to be generated by each
mixture and fitting the mixture to these assigned points), but variational
methods add regularization by integrating information from prior
distributions. This avoids the singularities often found in expectation-
maximization solutions but introduces some subtle biases to the model.
Inference is often notably slower, but not usually as much so as to render
usage unpractical.

Due to its Bayesian nature, the variational algorithm needs more hyper-
parameters than expectation-maximization, the most important of these being
the concentration parameter `weight_concentration_prior`. Specifying a low
value for the concentration prior will make the model put most of the weight
on few components set the remaining components weights very close to zero.
High values of the concentration prior will allow a larger number of
components to be active in the mixture.

The parameters implementation of the `BayesianGaussianMixture` class proposes
two types of prior for the weights distribution: a finite mixture model with
Dirichlet distribution and an infinite mixture model with the Dirichlet
Process. In practice Dirichlet Process inference algorithm is approximated and
uses a truncated distribution with a fixed maximum number of components
(called the Stick-breaking representation). The number of components actually
used almost always depends on the data.

The next figure compares the results obtained for the different type of the
weight concentration prior (parameter `weight_concentration_prior_type`) for
different values of `weight_concentration_prior`. Here, we can see the value
of the `weight_concentration_prior` parameter has a strong impact on the
effective number of active components obtained. We can also notice that large
values for the concentration weight prior lead to more uniform weights when
the type of prior is ‘dirichlet_distribution’ while this is not necessarily
the case for the ‘dirichlet_process’ type (used by default).

![plot_bgmm](data:image/png;base64,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)
![plot_dpgmm](data:image/png;base64,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)

The examples below compare Gaussian mixture models with a fixed number of
components, to the variational Gaussian mixture models with a Dirichlet
process prior. Here, a classical Gaussian mixture is fitted with 5 components
on a dataset composed of 2 clusters. We can see that the variational Gaussian
mixture with a Dirichlet process prior is able to limit itself to only 2
components whereas the Gaussian mixture fits the data with a fixed number of
components that has to be set a priori by the user. In this case the user has
selected `n_components=5` which does not match the true generative
distribution of this toy dataset. Note that with very little observations, the
variational Gaussian mixture models with a Dirichlet process prior can take a
conservative stand, and fit only one component.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gmm_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

On the following figure we are fitting a dataset not well-depicted by a
Gaussian mixture. Adjusting the `weight_concentration_prior`, parameter of the
`BayesianGaussianMixture` controls the number of components used to fit this
data. We also present on the last two plots a random sampling generated from
the two resulting mixtures.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gmm_sin_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Examples:

  * See Gaussian Mixture Model Ellipsoids for an example on plotting the confidence ellipsoids for both `GaussianMixture` and `BayesianGaussianMixture`.
  * Gaussian Mixture Model Sine Curve shows using `GaussianMixture` and `BayesianGaussianMixture` to fit a sine wave.
  * See Concentration Prior Type Analysis of Variation Bayesian Gaussian Mixture for an example plotting the confidence ellipsoids for the `BayesianGaussianMixture` with different `weight_concentration_prior_type` for different values of the parameter `weight_concentration_prior`.

###  2.1.2.2. Pros and cons of variational inference with
`BayesianGaussianMixture`

####  2.1.2.2.1. Pros

Automatic selection

    
when `weight_concentration_prior` is small enough and `n_components` is larger
than what is found necessary by the model, the Variational Bayesian mixture
model has a natural tendency to set some mixture weights values close to zero.
This makes it possible to let the model choose a suitable number of effective
components automatically. Only an upper bound of this number needs to be
provided. Note however that the “ideal” number of active components is very
application specific and is typically ill-defined in a data exploration
setting.

Less sensitivity to the number of parameters

    
unlike finite models, which will almost always use all components as much as
they can, and hence will produce wildly different solutions for different
numbers of components, the variational inference with a Dirichlet process
prior (`weight_concentration_prior_type='dirichlet_process'`) won’t change
much with changes to the parameters, leading to more stability and less
tuning.

Regularization

    
due to the incorporation of prior information, variational solutions have less
pathological special cases than expectation-maximization solutions.

####  2.1.2.2.2. Cons

Speed

    
the extra parametrization necessary for variational inference make inference
slower, although not by much.

Hyperparameters

    
this algorithm needs an extra hyperparameter that might need experimental
tuning via cross-validation.

Bias

    
there are many implicit biases in the inference algorithms (and also in the
Dirichlet process if used), and whenever there is a mismatch between these
biases and the data it might be possible to fit better models using a finite
mixture.

###  2.1.2.3. The Dirichlet Process

Here we describe variational inference algorithms on Dirichlet process
mixture. The Dirichlet process is a prior probability distribution on
clusterings with an infinite, unbounded, number of partitions. Variational
techniques let us incorporate this prior structure on Gaussian mixture models
at almost no penalty in inference time, comparing with a finite Gaussian
mixture model.

An important question is how can the Dirichlet process use an infinite,
unbounded number of clusters and still be consistent. While a full explanation
doesn’t fit this manual, one can think of its stick breaking process analogy
to help understanding it. The stick breaking process is a generative story for
the Dirichlet process. We start with a unit-length stick and in each step we
break off a portion of the remaining stick. Each time, we associate the length
of the piece of the stick to the proportion of points that falls into a group
of the mixture. At the end, to represent the infinite mixture, we associate
the last remaining piece of the stick to the proportion of points that don’t
fall into all the other groups. The length of each piece is a random variable
with probability proportional to the concentration parameter. Smaller value of
the concentration will divide the unit-length into larger pieces of the stick
(defining more concentrated distribution). Larger concentration values will
create smaller pieces of the stick (increasing the number of components with
non zero weights).

Variational inference techniques for the Dirichlet process still work with a
finite approximation to this infinite mixture model, but instead of having to
specify a priori how many components one wants to use, one just specifies the
concentration parameter and an upper bound on the number of mixture components
(this upper bound, assuming it is higher than the “true” number of components,
affects only algorithmic complexity, not the actual number of components
used).

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/mixture.html

