# 1.14. Semi-supervised learning

Semi-supervised learning is a situation in which in your training data some of
the samples are not labeled. The semi-supervised estimators in
`sklearn.semi_supervised` are able to make use of this additional unlabeled
data to better capture the shape of the underlying data distribution and
generalize better to new samples. These algorithms can perform well when we
have a very small amount of labeled points and a large amount of unlabeled
points.

Unlabeled entries in `y`

It is important to assign an identifier to unlabeled points along with the
labeled data when training the model with the `fit` method. The identifier
that this implementation uses is the integer value \\(-1\\). Note that for
string labels, the dtype of `y` should be object so that it can contain both
strings and integers.

Note

Semi-supervised algorithms need to make assumptions about the distribution of
the dataset in order to achieve performance gains. See here for more details.

##  1.14.1. Self Training

This self-training implementation is based on Yarowsky’s 1 algorithm. Using
this algorithm, a given supervised classifier can function as a semi-
supervised classifier, allowing it to learn from unlabeled data.

`SelfTrainingClassifier` can be called with any classifier that implements
`predict_proba`, passed as the parameter `base_classifier`. In each iteration,
the `base_classifier` predicts labels for the unlabeled samples and adds a
subset of these labels to the labeled dataset.

The choice of this subset is determined by the selection criterion. This
selection can be done using a `threshold` on the prediction probabilities, or
by choosing the `k_best` samples according to the prediction probabilities.

The labels used for the final fit as well as the iteration in which each
sample was labeled are available as attributes. The optional `max_iter`
parameter specifies how many times the loop is executed at most.

The `max_iter` parameter may be set to `None`, causing the algorithm to
iterate until all samples have labels or no new samples are selected in that
iteration.

Note

When using the self-training classifier, the calibration of the classifier is
important.

Examples

  * Effect of varying threshold for self-training
  * Decision boundary of semi-supervised classifiers versus SVM on the Iris dataset

References

`1`

    
David Yarowsky. 1995. Unsupervised word sense disambiguation rivaling
supervised methods. In Proceedings of the 33rd annual meeting on Association
for Computational Linguistics (ACL ‘95). Association for Computational
Linguistics, Stroudsburg, PA, USA, 189-196. DOI:
https://doi.org/10.3115/981658.981684

##  1.14.2. Label Propagation

Label propagation denotes a few variations of semi-supervised graph inference
algorithms.

A few features available in this model:

    
  * Used for classification tasks
  * Kernel methods to project data into alternate dimensional spaces

`scikit-learn` provides two label propagation models: `LabelPropagation` and
`LabelSpreading`. Both work by constructing a similarity graph over all items
in the input dataset.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_label_propagation_structure_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

An illustration of label-propagation: the structure of unlabeled observations
is consistent with the class structure, and thus the class label can be
propagated to the unlabeled observations of the training set.

`LabelPropagation` and `LabelSpreading` differ in modifications to the
similarity matrix that graph and the clamping effect on the label
distributions. Clamping allows the algorithm to change the weight of the true
ground labeled data to some degree. The `LabelPropagation` algorithm performs
hard clamping of input labels, which means \\(\alpha=0\\). This clamping
factor can be relaxed, to say \\(\alpha=0.2\\), which means that we will
always retain 80 percent of our original label distribution, but the algorithm
gets to change its confidence of the distribution within 20 percent.

`LabelPropagation` uses the raw similarity matrix constructed from the data
with no modifications. In contrast, `LabelSpreading` minimizes a loss function
that has regularization properties, as such it is often more robust to noise.
The algorithm iterates on a modified version of the original graph and
normalizes the edge weights by computing the normalized graph Laplacian
matrix. This procedure is also used in Spectral clustering.

Label propagation models have two built-in kernel methods. Choice of kernel
effects both scalability and performance of the algorithms. The following are
available:

  * rbf (\\(\exp(-\gamma |x-y|^2), \gamma > 0\\)). \\(\gamma\\) is specified by keyword gamma.
  * knn (\\(1[x' \in kNN(x)]\\)). \\(k\\) is specified by keyword n_neighbors.

The RBF kernel will produce a fully connected graph which is represented in
memory by a dense matrix. This matrix may be very large and combined with the
cost of performing a full matrix multiplication calculation for each iteration
of the algorithm can lead to prohibitively long running times. On the other
hand, the KNN kernel will produce a much more memory-friendly sparse matrix
which can drastically reduce running times.

Examples

  * Decision boundary of semi-supervised classifiers versus SVM on the Iris dataset
  * Label Propagation learning a complex structure
  * Label Propagation digits: Demonstrating performance
  * Label Propagation digits active learning

References

[2] Yoshua Bengio, Olivier Delalleau, Nicolas Le Roux. In Semi-Supervised
Learning (2006), pp. 193-216

[3] Olivier Delalleau, Yoshua Bengio, Nicolas Le Roux. Efficient Non-
Parametric Function Induction in Semi-Supervised Learning. AISTAT 2005
https://research.microsoft.com/en-us/people/nicolasl/efficient_ssl.pdf

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/semi_supervised.html

