# 1.5. Stochastic Gradient Descent

Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD) is a simple yet very efficient approach to
fitting linear classifiers and regressors under convex loss functions such as
(linear) Support Vector Machines and Logistic Regression. Even though SGD has
been around in the machine learning community for a long time, it has received
a considerable amount of attention just recently in the context of large-scale
learning.

SGD has been successfully applied to large-scale and sparse machine learning
problems often encountered in text classification and natural language
processing. Given that the data is sparse, the classifiers in this module
easily scale to problems with more than 10^5 training examples and more than
10^5 features.

Strictly speaking, SGD is merely an optimization technique and does not
correspond to a specific family of machine learning models. It is only a way
to train a model. Often, an instance of `SGDClassifier` or `SGDRegressor` will
have an equivalent estimator in the scikit-learn API, potentially using a
different optimization technique. For example, using
`SGDClassifier(loss='log')` results in logistic regression, i.e. a model
equivalent to `LogisticRegression` which is fitted via SGD instead of being
fitted by one of the other solvers in `LogisticRegression`. Similarly,
`SGDRegressor(loss='squared_loss', penalty='l2')` and `Ridge` solve the same
optimization problem, via different means.

The advantages of Stochastic Gradient Descent are:

  * Efficiency.
  * Ease of implementation (lots of opportunities for code tuning).

The disadvantages of Stochastic Gradient Descent include:

  * SGD requires a number of hyperparameters such as the regularization parameter and the number of iterations.
  * SGD is sensitive to feature scaling.

Warning

Make sure you permute (shuffle) your training data before fitting the model or
use `shuffle=True` to shuffle after each iteration (used by default). Also,
ideally, features should be standardized using e.g.
`make_pipeline(StandardScaler(), SGDClassifier())` (see Pipelines).

##  1.5.1. Classification

The class `SGDClassifier` implements a plain stochastic gradient descent
learning routine which supports different loss functions and penalties for
classification. Below is the decision boundary of a `SGDClassifier` trained
with the hinge loss, equivalent to a linear SVM.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_sgd_separating_hyperplane_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

As other classifiers, SGD has to be fitted with two arrays: an array `X` of
shape (n_samples, n_features) holding the training samples, and an array y of
shape (n_samples,) holding the target values (class labels) for the training
samples:

    
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import SGDClassifier
    >>> X = [[0., 0.], [1., 1.]]
    >>> y = [0, 1]
    >>> clf = SGDClassifier(loss="hinge", penalty="l2", max_iter=5)
    >>> clf.fit(X, y)
    SGDClassifier(max_iter=5)
    
After being fitted, the model can then be used to predict new values:

    
    >>> clf.predict([[2., 2.]])
    array([1])
    
SGD fits a linear model to the training data. The `coef_` attribute holds the
model parameters:

    
    >>> clf.coef_
    array([[9.9..., 9.9...]])
    
The `intercept_` attribute holds the intercept (aka offset or bias):

    
    >>> clf.intercept_
    array([-9.9...])
    
Whether or not the model should use an intercept, i.e. a biased hyperplane, is
controlled by the parameter `fit_intercept`.

The signed distance to the hyperplane (computed as the dot product between the
coefficients and the input sample, plus the intercept) is given by
`SGDClassifier.decision_function`:

    
    >>> clf.decision_function([[2., 2.]])
    array([29.6...])
    
The concrete loss function can be set via the `loss` parameter.
`SGDClassifier` supports the following loss functions:

  * `loss="hinge"`: (soft-margin) linear Support Vector Machine,
  * `loss="modified_huber"`: smoothed hinge loss,
  * `loss="log"`: logistic regression,
  * and all regression losses below. In this case the target is encoded as -1 or 1, and the problem is treated as a regression problem. The predicted class then correspond to the sign of the predicted target.

Please refer to the mathematical section below for formulas. The first two
loss functions are lazy, they only update the model parameters if an example
violates the margin constraint, which makes training very efficient and may
result in sparser models (i.e. with more zero coefficents), even when L2
penalty is used.

Using `loss="log"` or `loss="modified_huber"` enables the `predict_proba`
method, which gives a vector of probability estimates \\(P(y|x)\\) per sample
\\(x\\):

    
    >>> clf = SGDClassifier(loss="log", max_iter=5).fit(X, y)
    >>> clf.predict_proba([[1., 1.]])
    array([[0.00..., 0.99...]])
    
The concrete penalty can be set via the `penalty` parameter. SGD supports the
following penalties:

  * `penalty="l2"`: L2 norm penalty on `coef_`.
  * `penalty="l1"`: L1 norm penalty on `coef_`.
  * `penalty="elasticnet"`: Convex combination of L2 and L1; `(1 - l1_ratio) * L2 + l1_ratio * L1`.

The default setting is `penalty="l2"`. The L1 penalty leads to sparse
solutions, driving most coefficients to zero. The Elastic Net 11 solves some
deficiencies of the L1 penalty in the presence of highly correlated
attributes. The parameter `l1_ratio` controls the convex combination of L1 and
L2 penalty.

`SGDClassifier` supports multi-class classification by combining multiple
binary classifiers in a “one versus all” (OVA) scheme. For each of the \\(K\\)
classes, a binary classifier is learned that discriminates between that and
all other \\(K-1\\) classes. At testing time, we compute the confidence score
(i.e. the signed distances to the hyperplane) for each classifier and choose
the class with the highest confidence. The Figure below illustrates the OVA
approach on the iris dataset. The dashed lines represent the three OVA
classifiers; the background colors show the decision surface induced by the
three classifiers.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_sgd_iris_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

In the case of multi-class classification `coef_` is a two-dimensional array
of shape (n_classes, n_features) and `intercept_` is a one-dimensional array
of shape (n_classes,). The i-th row of `coef_` holds the weight vector of the
OVA classifier for the i-th class; classes are indexed in ascending order (see
attribute `classes_`). Note that, in principle, since they allow to create a
probability model, `loss="log"` and `loss="modified_huber"` are more suitable
for one-vs-all classification.

`SGDClassifier` supports both weighted classes and weighted instances via the
fit parameters `class_weight` and `sample_weight`. See the examples below and
the docstring of `SGDClassifier.fit` for further information.

`SGDClassifier` supports averaged SGD (ASGD) 10. Averaging can be enabled by
setting `average=True`. ASGD performs the same updates as the regular SGD (see
Mathematical formulation), but instead of using the last value of the
coefficients as the `coef_` attribute (i.e. the values of the last update),
`coef_` is set instead to the average value of the coefficients across all
updates. The same is done for the `intercept_` attribute. When using ASGD the
learning rate can be larger and even constant, leading on some datasets to a
speed up in training time.

For classification with a logistic loss, another variant of SGD with an
averaging strategy is available with Stochastic Average Gradient (SAG)
algorithm, available as a solver in `LogisticRegression`.

Examples:

  * SGD: Maximum margin separating hyperplane,
  * Plot multi-class SGD on the iris dataset
  * SGD: Weighted samples
  * Comparing various online solvers
  * SVM: Separating hyperplane for unbalanced classes (See the Note in the example)

##  1.5.2. Regression

The class `SGDRegressor` implements a plain stochastic gradient descent
learning routine which supports different loss functions and penalties to fit
linear regression models. `SGDRegressor` is well suited for regression
problems with a large number of training samples (> 10.000), for other
problems we recommend `Ridge`, `Lasso`, or `ElasticNet`.

The concrete loss function can be set via the `loss` parameter. `SGDRegressor`
supports the following loss functions:

  * `loss="squared_loss"`: Ordinary least squares,
  * `loss="huber"`: Huber loss for robust regression,
  * `loss="epsilon_insensitive"`: linear Support Vector Regression.

Please refer to the mathematical section below for formulas. The Huber and
epsilon-insensitive loss functions can be used for robust regression. The
width of the insensitive region has to be specified via the parameter
`epsilon`. This parameter depends on the scale of the target variables.

The `penalty` parameter determines the regularization to be used (see
description above in the classification section).

`SGDRegressor` also supports averaged SGD 10 (here again, see description
above in the classification section).

For regression with a squared loss and a l2 penalty, another variant of SGD
with an averaging strategy is available with Stochastic Average Gradient (SAG)
algorithm, available as a solver in `Ridge`.

##  1.5.3. Stochastic Gradient Descent for sparse data

Note

The sparse implementation produces slightly different results from the dense
implementation, due to a shrunk learning rate for the intercept. See
Implementation details.

There is built-in support for sparse data given in any matrix in a format
supported by scipy.sparse. For maximum efficiency, however, use the CSR matrix
format as defined in scipy.sparse.csr_matrix.

Examples:

  * Classification of text documents using sparse features

##  1.5.4. Complexity

The major advantage of SGD is its efficiency, which is basically linear in the
number of training examples. If X is a matrix of size (n, p) training has a
cost of \\(O(k n \bar p)\\), where k is the number of iterations (epochs) and
\\(\bar p\\) is the average number of non-zero attributes per sample.

Recent theoretical results, however, show that the runtime to get some desired
optimization accuracy does not increase as the training set size increases.

##  1.5.5. Stopping criterion

The classes `SGDClassifier` and `SGDRegressor` provide two criteria to stop
the algorithm when a given level of convergence is reached:

  * With `early_stopping=True`, the input data is split into a training set and a validation set. The model is then fitted on the training set, and the stopping criterion is based on the prediction score (using the `score` method) computed on the validation set. The size of the validation set can be changed with the parameter `validation_fraction`.
  * With `early_stopping=False`, the model is fitted on the entire input data and the stopping criterion is based on the objective function computed on the training data.

In both cases, the criterion is evaluated once by epoch, and the algorithm
stops when the criterion does not improve `n_iter_no_change` times in a row.
The improvement is evaluated with absolute tolerance `tol`, and the algorithm
stops in any case after a maximum number of iteration `max_iter`.

##  1.5.6. Tips on Practical Use

  * Stochastic Gradient Descent is sensitive to feature scaling, so it is highly recommended to scale your data. For example, scale each attribute on the input vector X to [0,1] or [-1,+1], or standardize it to have mean 0 and variance 1. Note that the same scaling must be applied to the test vector to obtain meaningful results. This can be easily done using `StandardScaler`:
        from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    scaler = StandardScaler()
    scaler.fit(X_train)  # Don't cheat - fit only on training data
    X_train = scaler.transform(X_train)
    X_test = scaler.transform(X_test)  # apply same transformation to test data
    
    # Or better yet: use a pipeline!
    from sklearn.pipeline import make_pipeline
    est = make_pipeline(StandardScaler(), SGDClassifier())
    est.fit(X_train)
    est.predict(X_test)
    
If your attributes have an intrinsic scale (e.g. word frequencies or indicator
features) scaling is not needed.

  * Finding a reasonable regularization term \\(\alpha\\) is best done using automatic hyper-parameter search, e.g. `GridSearchCV` or `RandomizedSearchCV`, usually in the range `10.0**-np.arange(1,7)`.
  * Empirically, we found that SGD converges after observing approximately 10^6 training samples. Thus, a reasonable first guess for the number of iterations is `max_iter = np.ceil(10**6 / n)`, where `n` is the size of the training set.
  * If you apply SGD to features extracted using PCA we found that it is often wise to scale the feature values by some constant `c` such that the average L2 norm of the training data equals one.
  * We found that Averaged SGD works best with a larger number of features and a higher eta0

References:

  * “Efficient BackProp” Y. LeCun, L. Bottou, G. Orr, K. Müller - In Neural Networks: Tricks of the Trade 1998.

##  1.5.7. Mathematical formulation

We describe here the mathematical details of the SGD procedure. A good
overview with convergence rates can be found in 12.

Given a set of training examples \\((x_1, y_1), \ldots, (x_n, y_n)\\) where
\\(x_i \in \mathbf{R}^m\\) and \\(y_i \in \mathcal{R}\\) (\\(y_i \in {-1,
1}\\) for classification), our goal is to learn a linear scoring function
\\(f(x) = w^T x + b\\) with model parameters \\(w \in \mathbf{R}^m\\) and
intercept \\(b \in \mathbf{R}\\). In order to make predictions for binary
classification, we simply look at the sign of \\(f(x)\\). To find the model
parameters, we minimize the regularized training error given by

\\[E(w,b) = \frac{1}{n}\sum_{i=1}^{n} L(y_i, f(x_i)) + \alpha R(w)\\]

where \\(L\\) is a loss function that measures model (mis)fit and \\(R\\) is a
regularization term (aka penalty) that penalizes model complexity; \\(\alpha >
0\\) is a non-negative hyperparameter that controls the regularization
stength.

Different choices for \\(L\\) entail different classifiers or regressors:

  * Hinge (soft-margin): equivalent to Support Vector Classification. \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \max(0, 1 - y_i f(x_i))\\).
  * Perceptron: \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \max(0, - y_i f(x_i))\\).
  * Modified Huber: \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \max(0, 1 - y_i f(x_i))^2\\) if \\(y_i f(x_i) > 1\\), and \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = -4 y_i f(x_i)\\) otherwise.
  * Log: equivalent to Logistic Regression. \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \log(1 + \exp (-y_i f(x_i)))\\).
  * Least-Squares: Linear regression (Ridge or Lasso depending on \\(R\\)). \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \frac{1}{2}(y_i - f(x_i))^2\\).
  * Huber: less sensitive to outliers than least-squares. It is equivalent to least squares when \\(|y_i - f(x_i)| \leq \varepsilon\\), and \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \varepsilon |y_i - f(x_i)| - \frac{1}{2} \varepsilon^2\\) otherwise.
  * Epsilon-Insensitive: (soft-margin) equivalent to Support Vector Regression. \\(L(y_i, f(x_i)) = \max(0, |y_i - f(x_i)| - \varepsilon)\\).

All of the above loss functions can be regarded as an upper bound on the
misclassification error (Zero-one loss) as shown in the Figure below.

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_sgd_loss_functions_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Popular choices for the regularization term \\(R\\) (the `penalty` parameter)
include:

  * L2 norm: \\(R(w) := \frac{1}{2} \sum_{j=1}^{m} w_j^2 = ||w||_2^2\\),
  * L1 norm: \\(R(w) := \sum_{j=1}^{m} |w_j|\\), which leads to sparse solutions.
  * Elastic Net: \\(R(w) := \frac{\rho}{2} \sum_{j=1}^{n} w_j^2 + (1-\rho) \sum_{j=1}^{m} |w_j|\\), a convex combination of L2 and L1, where \\(\rho\\) is given by `1 - l1_ratio`.

The Figure below shows the contours of the different regularization terms in a
2-dimensional parameter space (\\(m=2\\)) when \\(R(w) = 1\\).

![../_images/sphx_glr_plot_sgd_penalties_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

###  1.5.7.1. SGD

Stochastic gradient descent is an optimization method for unconstrained
optimization problems. In contrast to (batch) gradient descent, SGD
approximates the true gradient of \\(E(w,b)\\) by considering a single
training example at a time.

The class `SGDClassifier` implements a first-order SGD learning routine. The
algorithm iterates over the training examples and for each example updates the
model parameters according to the update rule given by

\\[w \leftarrow w - \eta \left[\alpha \frac{\partial R(w)}{\partial w} +
\frac{\partial L(w^T x_i + b, y_i)}{\partial w}\right]\\]

where \\(\eta\\) is the learning rate which controls the step-size in the
parameter space. The intercept \\(b\\) is updated similarly but without
regularization (and with additional decay for sparse matrices, as detailed in
Implementation details).

The learning rate \\(\eta\\) can be either constant or gradually decaying. For
classification, the default learning rate schedule (`learning_rate='optimal'`)
is given by

\\[\eta^{(t)} = \frac {1}{\alpha (t_0 + t)}\\]

where \\(t\\) is the time step (there are a total of `n_samples * n_iter` time
steps), \\(t_0\\) is determined based on a heuristic proposed by Léon Bottou
such that the expected initial updates are comparable with the expected size
of the weights (this assuming that the norm of the training samples is approx.
1). The exact definition can be found in `_init_t` in `BaseSGD`.

For regression the default learning rate schedule is inverse scaling
(`learning_rate='invscaling'`), given by

\\[\eta^{(t)} = \frac{eta_0}{t^{power\\_t}}\\]

where \\(eta_0\\) and \\(power\\_t\\) are hyperparameters chosen by the user
via `eta0` and `power_t`, resp.

For a constant learning rate use `learning_rate='constant'` and use `eta0` to
specify the learning rate.

For an adaptively decreasing learning rate, use `learning_rate='adaptive'` and
use `eta0` to specify the starting learning rate. When the stopping criterion
is reached, the learning rate is divided by 5, and the algorithm does not
stop. The algorithm stops when the learning rate goes below 1e-6.

The model parameters can be accessed through the `coef_` and `intercept_`
attributes: `coef_` holds the weights \\(w\\) and `intercept_` holds \\(b\\).

When using Averaged SGD (with the `average` parameter), `coef_` is set to the
average weight across all updates: `coef_` \\(= \frac{1}{T} \sum_{t=0}^{T-1}
w^{(t)}\\), where \\(T\\) is the total number of updates, found in the `t_`
attribute.

##  1.5.8. Implementation details

The implementation of SGD is influenced by the `Stochastic Gradient SVM` of 7.
Similar to SvmSGD, the weight vector is represented as the product of a scalar
and a vector which allows an efficient weight update in the case of L2
regularization. In the case of sparse input `X`, the intercept is updated with
a smaller learning rate (multiplied by 0.01) to account for the fact that it
is updated more frequently. Training examples are picked up sequentially and
the learning rate is lowered after each observed example. We adopted the
learning rate schedule from 8. For multi-class classification, a “one versus
all” approach is used. We use the truncated gradient algorithm proposed in 9
for L1 regularization (and the Elastic Net). The code is written in Cython.

References:

`7`

    
“Stochastic Gradient Descent” L. Bottou - Website, 2010.

`8`

    
“Pegasos: Primal estimated sub-gradient solver for svm” S. Shalev-Shwartz, Y.
Singer, N. Srebro - In Proceedings of ICML ‘07.

`9`

    
“Stochastic gradient descent training for l1-regularized log-linear models
with cumulative penalty” Y. Tsuruoka, J. Tsujii, S. Ananiadou - In Proceedings
of the AFNLP/ACL ‘09.

`10(1,2)`

    
“Towards Optimal One Pass Large Scale Learning with Averaged Stochastic
Gradient Descent” Xu, Wei

`11`

    
“Regularization and variable selection via the elastic net” H. Zou, T. Hastie
- Journal of the Royal Statistical Society Series B, 67 (2), 301-320.

`12`

    
“Solving large scale linear prediction problems using stochastic gradient
descent algorithms” T. Zhang - In Proceedings of ICML ‘04.

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/sgd.html

