# Precision-Recall

Example of Precision-Recall metric to evaluate classifier output quality.

Precision-Recall is a useful measure of success of prediction when the classes
are very imbalanced. In information retrieval, precision is a measure of
result relevancy, while recall is a measure of how many truly relevant results
are returned.

The precision-recall curve shows the tradeoff between precision and recall for
different threshold. A high area under the curve represents both high recall
and high precision, where high precision relates to a low false positive rate,
and high recall relates to a low false negative rate. High scores for both
show that the classifier is returning accurate results (high precision), as
well as returning a majority of all positive results (high recall).

A system with high recall but low precision returns many results, but most of
its predicted labels are incorrect when compared to the training labels. A
system with high precision but low recall is just the opposite, returning very
few results, but most of its predicted labels are correct when compared to the
training labels. An ideal system with high precision and high recall will
return many results, with all results labeled correctly.

Precision (\\(P\\)) is defined as the number of true positives (\\(T_p\\))
over the number of true positives plus the number of false positives
(\\(F_p\\)).

\\(P = \frac{T_p}{T_p+F_p}\\)

Recall (\\(R\\)) is defined as the number of true positives (\\(T_p\\)) over
the number of true positives plus the number of false negatives (\\(F_n\\)).

\\(R = \frac{T_p}{T_p + F_n}\\)

These quantities are also related to the (\\(F_1\\)) score, which is defined
as the harmonic mean of precision and recall.

\\(F1 = 2\frac{P \times R}{P+R}\\)

Note that the precision may not decrease with recall. The definition of
precision (\\(\frac{T_p}{T_p + F_p}\\)) shows that lowering the threshold of a
classifier may increase the denominator, by increasing the number of results
returned. If the threshold was previously set too high, the new results may
all be true positives, which will increase precision. If the previous
threshold was about right or too low, further lowering the threshold will
introduce false positives, decreasing precision.

Recall is defined as \\(\frac{T_p}{T_p+F_n}\\), where \\(T_p+F_n\\) does not
depend on the classifier threshold. This means that lowering the classifier
threshold may increase recall, by increasing the number of true positive
results. It is also possible that lowering the threshold may leave recall
unchanged, while the precision fluctuates.

The relationship between recall and precision can be observed in the stairstep
area of the plot - at the edges of these steps a small change in the threshold
considerably reduces precision, with only a minor gain in recall.

Average precision (AP) summarizes such a plot as the weighted mean of
precisions achieved at each threshold, with the increase in recall from the
previous threshold used as the weight:

\\(\text{AP} = \sum_n (R_n - R_{n-1}) P_n\\)

where \\(P_n\\) and \\(R_n\\) are the precision and recall at the nth
threshold. A pair \\((R_k, P_k)\\) is referred to as an operating point.

AP and the trapezoidal area under the operating points (`sklearn.metrics.auc`)
are common ways to summarize a precision-recall curve that lead to different
results. Read more in the User Guide.

Precision-recall curves are typically used in binary classification to study
the output of a classifier. In order to extend the precision-recall curve and
average precision to multi-class or multi-label classification, it is
necessary to binarize the output. One curve can be drawn per label, but one
can also draw a precision-recall curve by considering each element of the
label indicator matrix as a binary prediction (micro-averaging).

Note

`See also sklearn.metrics.average_precision_score,`

    
`sklearn.metrics.recall_score`, `sklearn.metrics.precision_score`,
`sklearn.metrics.f1_score`

## In binary classification settings

### Create simple data

Try to differentiate the two first classes of the iris data

    
    from sklearn import svm, datasets
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    import numpy as np
    
    iris = datasets.load_iris()
    X = iris.data
    y = iris.target
    
    # Add noisy features
    random_state = np.random.RandomState(0)
    n_samples, n_features = X.shape
    X = np.c_[X, random_state.randn(n_samples, 200 * n_features)]
    
    # Limit to the two first classes, and split into training and test
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X[y < 2], y[y < 2],
                                                        test_size=.5,
                                                        random_state=random_state)
    
    # Create a simple classifier
    classifier = svm.LinearSVC(random_state=random_state)
    classifier.fit(X_train, y_train)
    y_score = classifier.decision_function(X_test)
    
### Compute the average precision score

    
    from sklearn.metrics import average_precision_score
    average_precision = average_precision_score(y_test, y_score)
    
    print('Average precision-recall score: {0:0.2f}'.format(
          average_precision))
    
Out:

    
    Average precision-recall score: 0.88
    
### Plot the Precision-Recall curve

    
    from sklearn.metrics import precision_recall_curve
    from sklearn.metrics import plot_precision_recall_curve
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    disp = plot_precision_recall_curve(classifier, X_test, y_test)
    disp.ax_.set_title('2-class Precision-Recall curve: '
                       'AP={0:0.2f}'.format(average_precision))
    
![2-class Precision-Recall curve:
AP=0.88](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    Text(0.5, 1.0, '2-class Precision-Recall curve: AP=0.88')
    
## In multi-label settings

### Create multi-label data, fit, and predict

We create a multi-label dataset, to illustrate the precision-recall in multi-
label settings

    
    from sklearn.preprocessing import label_binarize
    
    # Use label_binarize to be multi-label like settings
    Y = label_binarize(y, classes=[0, 1, 2])
    n_classes = Y.shape[1]
    
    # Split into training and test
    X_train, X_test, Y_train, Y_test = train_test_split(X, Y, test_size=.5,
                                                        random_state=random_state)
    
    # We use OneVsRestClassifier for multi-label prediction
    from sklearn.multiclass import OneVsRestClassifier
    
    # Run classifier
    classifier = OneVsRestClassifier(svm.LinearSVC(random_state=random_state))
    classifier.fit(X_train, Y_train)
    y_score = classifier.decision_function(X_test)
    
### The average precision score in multi-label settings

    
    from sklearn.metrics import precision_recall_curve
    from sklearn.metrics import average_precision_score
    
    # For each class
    precision = dict()
    recall = dict()
    average_precision = dict()
    for i in range(n_classes):
        precision[i], recall[i], _ = precision_recall_curve(Y_test[:, i],
                                                            y_score[:, i])
        average_precision[i] = average_precision_score(Y_test[:, i], y_score[:, i])
    
    # A "micro-average": quantifying score on all classes jointly
    precision["micro"], recall["micro"], _ = precision_recall_curve(Y_test.ravel(),
        y_score.ravel())
    average_precision["micro"] = average_precision_score(Y_test, y_score,
                                                         average="micro")
    print('Average precision score, micro-averaged over all classes: {0:0.2f}'
          .format(average_precision["micro"]))
    
Out:

    
    Average precision score, micro-averaged over all classes: 0.43
    
### Plot the micro-averaged Precision-Recall curve

    
    plt.figure()
    plt.step(recall['micro'], precision['micro'], where='post')
    
    plt.xlabel('Recall')
    plt.ylabel('Precision')
    plt.ylim([0.0, 1.05])
    plt.xlim([0.0, 1.0])
    plt.title(
        'Average precision score, micro-averaged over all classes: AP={0:0.2f}'
        .format(average_precision["micro"]))
    
![Average precision score, micro-averaged over all classes:
AP=0.43](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    Text(0.5, 1.0, 'Average precision score, micro-averaged over all classes: AP=0.43')
    
### Plot Precision-Recall curve for each class and iso-f1 curves

    
    from itertools import cycle
    # setup plot details
    colors = cycle(['navy', 'turquoise', 'darkorange', 'cornflowerblue', 'teal'])
    
    plt.figure(figsize=(7, 8))
    f_scores = np.linspace(0.2, 0.8, num=4)
    lines = []
    labels = []
    for f_score in f_scores:
        x = np.linspace(0.01, 1)
        y = f_score * x / (2 * x - f_score)
        l, = plt.plot(x[y >= 0], y[y >= 0], color='gray', alpha=0.2)
        plt.annotate('f1={0:0.1f}'.format(f_score), xy=(0.9, y[45] + 0.02))
    
    lines.append(l)
    labels.append('iso-f1 curves')
    l, = plt.plot(recall["micro"], precision["micro"], color='gold', lw=2)
    lines.append(l)
    labels.append('micro-average Precision-recall (area = {0:0.2f})'
                  ''.format(average_precision["micro"]))
    
    for i, color in zip(range(n_classes), colors):
        l, = plt.plot(recall[i], precision[i], color=color, lw=2)
        lines.append(l)
        labels.append('Precision-recall for class {0} (area = {1:0.2f})'
                      ''.format(i, average_precision[i]))
    
    fig = plt.gcf()
    fig.subplots_adjust(bottom=0.25)
    plt.xlim([0.0, 1.0])
    plt.ylim([0.0, 1.05])
    plt.xlabel('Recall')
    plt.ylabel('Precision')
    plt.title('Extension of Precision-Recall curve to multi-class')
    plt.legend(lines, labels, loc=(0, -.38), prop=dict(size=14))
    
    
    plt.show()
    
![Extension of Precision-Recall curve to multi-
class](data:image/png;base64,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)

Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 0.607 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_precision_recall.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_precision_recall.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/model_selection/plot_precision_recall.html

