# Nested versus non-nested cross-validation

This example compares non-nested and nested cross-validation strategies on a
classifier of the iris data set. Nested cross-validation (CV) is often used to
train a model in which hyperparameters also need to be optimized. Nested CV
estimates the generalization error of the underlying model and its
(hyper)parameter search. Choosing the parameters that maximize non-nested CV
biases the model to the dataset, yielding an overly-optimistic score.

Model selection without nested CV uses the same data to tune model parameters
and evaluate model performance. Information may thus “leak” into the model and
overfit the data. The magnitude of this effect is primarily dependent on the
size of the dataset and the stability of the model. See Cawley and Talbot 1
for an analysis of these issues.

To avoid this problem, nested CV effectively uses a series of
train/validation/test set splits. In the inner loop (here executed by
`GridSearchCV`), the score is approximately maximized by fitting a model to
each training set, and then directly maximized in selecting (hyper)parameters
over the validation set. In the outer loop (here in `cross_val_score`),
generalization error is estimated by averaging test set scores over several
dataset splits.

The example below uses a support vector classifier with a non-linear kernel to
build a model with optimized hyperparameters by grid search. We compare the
performance of non-nested and nested CV strategies by taking the difference
between their scores.

See Also:

  * Cross-validation: evaluating estimator performance
  * Tuning the hyper-parameters of an estimator

References:

`1`

    
Cawley, G.C.; Talbot, N.L.C. On over-fitting in model selection and subsequent
selection bias in performance evaluation. J. Mach. Learn. Res 2010,11,
2079-2107.

![Non-Nested and Nested Cross Validation on Iris
Dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    Average difference of 0.007581 with std. dev. of 0.007833.
    
    
    from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    from matplotlib import pyplot as plt
    from sklearn.svm import SVC
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV, cross_val_score, KFold
    import numpy as np
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Number of random trials
    NUM_TRIALS = 30
    
    # Load the dataset
    iris = load_iris()
    X_iris = iris.data
    y_iris = iris.target
    
    # Set up possible values of parameters to optimize over
    p_grid = {"C": [1, 10, 100],
              "gamma": [.01, .1]}
    
    # We will use a Support Vector Classifier with "rbf" kernel
    svm = SVC(kernel="rbf")
    
    # Arrays to store scores
    non_nested_scores = np.zeros(NUM_TRIALS)
    nested_scores = np.zeros(NUM_TRIALS)
    
    # Loop for each trial
    for i in range(NUM_TRIALS):
    
        # Choose cross-validation techniques for the inner and outer loops,
        # independently of the dataset.
        # E.g "GroupKFold", "LeaveOneOut", "LeaveOneGroupOut", etc.
        inner_cv = KFold(n_splits=4, shuffle=True, random_state=i)
        outer_cv = KFold(n_splits=4, shuffle=True, random_state=i)
    
        # Non_nested parameter search and scoring
        clf = GridSearchCV(estimator=svm, param_grid=p_grid, cv=inner_cv)
        clf.fit(X_iris, y_iris)
        non_nested_scores[i] = clf.best_score_
    
        # Nested CV with parameter optimization
        nested_score = cross_val_score(clf, X=X_iris, y=y_iris, cv=outer_cv)
        nested_scores[i] = nested_score.mean()
    
    score_difference = non_nested_scores - nested_scores
    
    print("Average difference of {:6f} with std. dev. of {:6f}."
          .format(score_difference.mean(), score_difference.std()))
    
    # Plot scores on each trial for nested and non-nested CV
    plt.figure()
    plt.subplot(211)
    non_nested_scores_line, = plt.plot(non_nested_scores, color='r')
    nested_line, = plt.plot(nested_scores, color='b')
    plt.ylabel("score", fontsize="14")
    plt.legend([non_nested_scores_line, nested_line],
               ["Non-Nested CV", "Nested CV"],
               bbox_to_anchor=(0, .4, .5, 0))
    plt.title("Non-Nested and Nested Cross Validation on Iris Dataset",
              x=.5, y=1.1, fontsize="15")
    
    # Plot bar chart of the difference.
    plt.subplot(212)
    difference_plot = plt.bar(range(NUM_TRIALS), score_difference)
    plt.xlabel("Individual Trial #")
    plt.legend([difference_plot],
               ["Non-Nested CV - Nested CV Score"],
               bbox_to_anchor=(0, 1, .8, 0))
    plt.ylabel("score difference", fontsize="14")
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 11.311 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_nested_cross_validation_iris.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_nested_cross_validation_iris.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/model_selection/plot_nested_cross_validation_iris.html

