# Module: tf.summary

View source on GitHub  Operations for writing summary data, for use in
analysis and visualization. The `tf.summary` module provides APIs for writing
summary data. This data can be visualized in TensorBoard, the visualization
toolkit that comes with TensorFlow. See the TensorBoard website for more
detailed tutorials about how to use these APIs, or some quick examples below.
Example usage with eager execution, the default in TF 2.0:

    
    writer = tf.summary.create_file_writer("/tmp/mylogs")
    with writer.as_default():
      for step in range(100):
        # other model code would go here
        tf.summary.scalar("my_metric", 0.5, step=step)
        writer.flush()
    
Example usage with `tf.function` graph execution:

    
    writer = tf.summary.create_file_writer("/tmp/mylogs")
    
    @tf.function
    def my_func(step):
      # other model code would go here
      with writer.as_default():
        tf.summary.scalar("my_metric", 0.5, step=step)
    
    for step in range(100):
      my_func(step)
      writer.flush()
    
Example usage with legacy TF 1.x graph execution:

    
    with tf.compat.v1.Graph().as_default():
      step = tf.Variable(0, dtype=tf.int64)
      step_update = step.assign_add(1)
      writer = tf.summary.create_file_writer("/tmp/mylogs")
      with writer.as_default():
        tf.summary.scalar("my_metric", 0.5, step=step)
      all_summary_ops = tf.compat.v1.summary.all_v2_summary_ops()
      writer_flush = writer.flush()
    
      sess = tf.compat.v1.Session()
      sess.run([writer.init(), step.initializer])
      for i in range(100):
        sess.run(all_summary_ops)
        sess.run(step_update)
        sess.run(writer_flush)
    
## Modules

`experimental` module: Public API for tf.summary.experimental namespace.

## Classes

`class SummaryWriter`: Interface representing a stateful summary writer
object.

## Functions

`audio(...)`: Write an audio summary. `create_file_writer(...)`: Creates a
summary file writer for the given log directory. `create_noop_writer(...)`:
Returns a summary writer that does nothing. `flush(...)`: Forces summary
writer to send any buffered data to storage. `histogram(...)`: Write a
histogram summary. `image(...)`: Write an image summary. `record_if(...)`:
Sets summary recording on or off per the provided boolean value.
`scalar(...)`: Write a scalar summary. `should_record_summaries(...)`: Returns
boolean Tensor which is true if summaries should be recorded. `text(...)`:
Write a text summary. `trace_export(...)`: Stops and exports the active trace
as a Summary and/or profile file. `trace_off(...)`: Stops the current trace
and discards any collected information. `trace_on(...)`: Starts a trace to
record computation graphs and profiling information. `write(...)`: Writes a
generic summary to the default SummaryWriter if one exists. Â© 2020 The
TensorFlow Authors. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  
Code samples licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r2.4/api_docs/python/tf/summary

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

