# Lasso model selection: Cross-Validation / AIC / BIC

Use the Akaike information criterion (AIC), the Bayes Information criterion
(BIC) and cross-validation to select an optimal value of the regularization
parameter alpha of the Lasso estimator.

Results obtained with LassoLarsIC are based on AIC/BIC criteria.

Information-criterion based model selection is very fast, but it relies on a
proper estimation of degrees of freedom, are derived for large samples
(asymptotic results) and assume the model is correct, i.e. that the data are
actually generated by this model. They also tend to break when the problem is
badly conditioned (more features than samples).

For cross-validation, we use 20-fold with 2 algorithms to compute the Lasso
path: coordinate descent, as implemented by the LassoCV class, and Lars (least
angle regression) as implemented by the LassoLarsCV class. Both algorithms
give roughly the same results. They differ with regards to their execution
speed and sources of numerical errors.

Lars computes a path solution only for each kink in the path. As a result, it
is very efficient when there are only of few kinks, which is the case if there
are few features or samples. Also, it is able to compute the full path without
setting any meta parameter. On the opposite, coordinate descent compute the
path points on a pre-specified grid (here we use the default). Thus it is more
efficient if the number of grid points is smaller than the number of kinks in
the path. Such a strategy can be interesting if the number of features is
really large and there are enough samples to select a large amount. In terms
of numerical errors, for heavily correlated variables, Lars will accumulate
more errors, while the coordinate descent algorithm will only sample the path
on a grid.

Note how the optimal value of alpha varies for each fold. This illustrates why
nested-cross validation is necessary when trying to evaluate the performance
of a method for which a parameter is chosen by cross-validation: this choice
of parameter may not be optimal for unseen data.

  * ![Information-criterion for model selection \(training time 0.005s\)](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Mean square error on each fold: coordinate descent \(train time: 0.36s\)](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Mean square error on each fold: Lars \(train time: 0.14s\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    Computing regularization path using the coordinate descent lasso...
    Computing regularization path using the Lars lasso...
    
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Author: Olivier Grisel, Gael Varoquaux, Alexandre Gramfort
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    import time
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    from sklearn.linear_model import LassoCV, LassoLarsCV, LassoLarsIC
    from sklearn import datasets
    
    # This is to avoid division by zero while doing np.log10
    EPSILON = 1e-4
    
    X, y = datasets.load_diabetes(return_X_y=True)
    
    rng = np.random.RandomState(42)
    X = np.c_[X, rng.randn(X.shape[0], 14)]  # add some bad features
    
    # normalize data as done by Lars to allow for comparison
    X /= np.sqrt(np.sum(X ** 2, axis=0))
    
    # #############################################################################
    # LassoLarsIC: least angle regression with BIC/AIC criterion
    
    model_bic = LassoLarsIC(criterion='bic')
    t1 = time.time()
    model_bic.fit(X, y)
    t_bic = time.time() - t1
    alpha_bic_ = model_bic.alpha_
    
    model_aic = LassoLarsIC(criterion='aic')
    model_aic.fit(X, y)
    alpha_aic_ = model_aic.alpha_
    
    
    def plot_ic_criterion(model, name, color):
        criterion_ = model.criterion_
        plt.semilogx(model.alphas_ + EPSILON, criterion_, '--', color=color,
                     linewidth=3, label='%s criterion' % name)
        plt.axvline(model.alpha_ + EPSILON, color=color, linewidth=3,
                    label='alpha: %s estimate' % name)
        plt.xlabel(r'$\alpha$')
        plt.ylabel('criterion')
    
    
    plt.figure()
    plot_ic_criterion(model_aic, 'AIC', 'b')
    plot_ic_criterion(model_bic, 'BIC', 'r')
    plt.legend()
    plt.title('Information-criterion for model selection (training time %.3fs)'
              % t_bic)
    
    # #############################################################################
    # LassoCV: coordinate descent
    
    # Compute paths
    print("Computing regularization path using the coordinate descent lasso...")
    t1 = time.time()
    model = LassoCV(cv=20).fit(X, y)
    t_lasso_cv = time.time() - t1
    
    # Display results
    plt.figure()
    ymin, ymax = 2300, 3800
    plt.semilogx(model.alphas_ + EPSILON, model.mse_path_, ':')
    plt.plot(model.alphas_ + EPSILON, model.mse_path_.mean(axis=-1), 'k',
             label='Average across the folds', linewidth=2)
    plt.axvline(model.alpha_ + EPSILON, linestyle='--', color='k',
                label='alpha: CV estimate')
    
    plt.legend()
    
    plt.xlabel(r'$\alpha$')
    plt.ylabel('Mean square error')
    plt.title('Mean square error on each fold: coordinate descent '
              '(train time: %.2fs)' % t_lasso_cv)
    plt.axis('tight')
    plt.ylim(ymin, ymax)
    
    # #############################################################################
    # LassoLarsCV: least angle regression
    
    # Compute paths
    print("Computing regularization path using the Lars lasso...")
    t1 = time.time()
    model = LassoLarsCV(cv=20).fit(X, y)
    t_lasso_lars_cv = time.time() - t1
    
    # Display results
    plt.figure()
    plt.semilogx(model.cv_alphas_ + EPSILON, model.mse_path_, ':')
    plt.semilogx(model.cv_alphas_ + EPSILON, model.mse_path_.mean(axis=-1), 'k',
                 label='Average across the folds', linewidth=2)
    plt.axvline(model.alpha_, linestyle='--', color='k',
                label='alpha CV')
    plt.legend()
    
    plt.xlabel(r'$\alpha$')
    plt.ylabel('Mean square error')
    plt.title('Mean square error on each fold: Lars (train time: %.2fs)'
              % t_lasso_lars_cv)
    plt.axis('tight')
    plt.ylim(ymin, ymax)
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 1.793 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAG0AAAAUCAMAAACwC0NtAAABWVBMVEW7u7vo6OjCwsLMzMzz8/P4+Pju7u68vLzd3d24uLjx8fHm5ubT09PAwMDJycnPz8+urq7Ly8va2tq5ubnq6uqSkpLBwcH09PS6urrypVmvr6/i4uLDw8O0tLSjo6PX19e9u7pYm8qxsbGrq6u+vr7s7OzZ2dng4OCVlZXk5OTIyMiWlpampqaoqKj6+vrGxsagoKC9vb2ZmZn29vb///+Nq8Kzs7PSspNlnshfnsr2o1HnZYHXc46dnZ2Li4vS0tKPj4+3t7fOtJm2urztpmKGqsTarYFcmsnTjZzkaYXOl6Kqtr7lqnHEqrD1olLMmqW+t7jWsIzGt6hrnsbQk6Gis7/IoavgbIfhcoprlcHYaom+oH2Elq50kLzV1dWHh4fDuK2Xr8GZsMDHtqatsLrglH/sfm60pLHKqqDWnJHJcJDtgWzoknG8dJaLqr/0lVqeo7jlbX7owswW4TTQAAACXklEQVRIx+3V52/iMBgH4DcsBwfCCCkhQICMS4G0AQKUXqFpumh7Pa57l9t7//9fzlRHWeXbCemkvpEs+ZWtR/rZVqAKj/WvK7u+v7m/np2RdpjokG9pNthRIrF0dJjYfDWLGM/ed76dAWx31v923NS0tWXvRCtD90bTN9Sy1Ona3u6Hp1939+Cw04/SRU9bizwTLTbUG9OtoRZGU7Hn5xefEz9/Nz9tJt4ONDOGky7Q52AuCbStYRvKOmZcyENjKjWqPYnFdZSiQbd9vhCkyMyDUBQzBbC7WmhMe7Gyk92+vrm9ud7ODjRKLQZoiKmgakBTRcULdKboZlDVXMtERzWvMU915xhgknwag2auRaook2/JlhqKi+EJ7QR+5NqX7XYNBtq8wtIZYFQoUxAtc2ELsORIYbS4AGpgLEnZqetqHpKOIGLVKwnSIqIKrKkVIm6FG09y9+Jj4/Z789fy8rOBlsddd7enBYlGDt0Cyw+CiDwcmGOaDRC808ix+lRysIKFtG4g4IKIe/JK7qycf7kicW7l3txrQS9fYomWAptoqZ6mu8HEvVsyrmkIomxPCxLNwQVgSZKpkkT7I6HJa3Jw0rxq7h3AVu71veaPMfkkNlmc1PuaEs/HOYSJZo9qOo5pRl8D0aI0DRkeBnedhzSAd5fHpxunjfskw0Xg5YV5w9+qiBUeigrASxD5esXgVgGM1shmg68srDkyT7aAfxUUXuFXuTovSxWQSg++gq3c8nE7VxvqcOE6iA6kRRD6LSecfvgNObIwPBOFu/3y1De3UWvkGrWNx9/T/1B/AFudUABdgF9sAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

`Download Python source code: plot_lasso_model_selection.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_lasso_model_selection.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/linear_model/plot_lasso_model_selection.html

