# Tweedie regression on insurance claims

This example illustrates the use of Poisson, Gamma and Tweedie regression on
the French Motor Third-Party Liability Claims dataset, and is inspired by an R
tutorial 1.

In this dataset, each sample corresponds to an insurance policy, i.e. a
contract within an insurance company and an individual (policyholder).
Available features include driver age, vehicle age, vehicle power, etc.

A few definitions: a claim is the request made by a policyholder to the
insurer to compensate for a loss covered by the insurance. The claim amount is
the amount of money that the insurer must pay. The exposure is the duration of
the insurance coverage of a given policy, in years.

Here our goal is to predict the expected value, i.e. the mean, of the total
claim amount per exposure unit also referred to as the pure premium.

There are several possibilities to do that, two of which are:

  1. Model the number of claims with a Poisson distribution, and the average claim amount per claim, also known as severity, as a Gamma distribution and multiply the predictions of both in order to get the total claim amount.
  2. Model the total claim amount per exposure directly, typically with a Tweedie distribution of Tweedie power \\(p \in (1, 2)\\).

In this example we will illustrate both approaches. We start by defining a few
helper functions for loading the data and visualizing results.

`1`

    
A. Noll, R. Salzmann and M.V. Wuthrich, Case Study: French Motor Third-Party
Liability Claims (November 8, 2018). doi:10.2139/ssrn.3164764

    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Authors: Christian Lorentzen <lorentzen.ch@gmail.com>
    #          Roman Yurchak <rth.yurchak@gmail.com>
    #          Olivier Grisel <olivier.grisel@ensta.org>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    from functools import partial
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import pandas as pd
    
    from sklearn.datasets import fetch_openml
    from sklearn.compose import ColumnTransformer
    from sklearn.linear_model import PoissonRegressor, GammaRegressor
    from sklearn.linear_model import TweedieRegressor
    from sklearn.metrics import mean_tweedie_deviance
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    from sklearn.pipeline import make_pipeline
    from sklearn.preprocessing import FunctionTransformer, OneHotEncoder
    from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler, KBinsDiscretizer
    
    from sklearn.metrics import mean_absolute_error, mean_squared_error, auc
    
    
    def load_mtpl2(n_samples=100000):
        """Fetch the French Motor Third-Party Liability Claims dataset.
    
        Parameters
        ----------
        n_samples: int, default=100000
          number of samples to select (for faster run time). Full dataset has
          678013 samples.
        """
        # freMTPL2freq dataset from https://www.openml.org/d/41214
        df_freq = fetch_openml(data_id=41214, as_frame=True)['data']
        df_freq['IDpol'] = df_freq['IDpol'].astype(int)
        df_freq.set_index('IDpol', inplace=True)
    
        # freMTPL2sev dataset from https://www.openml.org/d/41215
        df_sev = fetch_openml(data_id=41215, as_frame=True)['data']
    
        # sum ClaimAmount over identical IDs
        df_sev = df_sev.groupby('IDpol').sum()
    
        df = df_freq.join(df_sev, how="left")
        df["ClaimAmount"].fillna(0, inplace=True)
    
        # unquote string fields
        for column_name in df.columns[df.dtypes.values == object]:
            df[column_name] = df[column_name].str.strip("'")
        return df.iloc[:n_samples]
    
    
    def plot_obs_pred(df, feature, weight, observed, predicted, y_label=None,
                      title=None, ax=None, fill_legend=False):
        """Plot observed and predicted - aggregated per feature level.
    
        Parameters
        ----------
        df : DataFrame
            input data
        feature: str
            a column name of df for the feature to be plotted
        weight : str
            column name of df with the values of weights or exposure
        observed : str
            a column name of df with the observed target
        predicted : DataFrame
            a dataframe, with the same index as df, with the predicted target
        fill_legend : bool, default=False
            whether to show fill_between legend
        """
        # aggregate observed and predicted variables by feature level
        df_ = df.loc[:, [feature, weight]].copy()
        df_["observed"] = df[observed] * df[weight]
        df_["predicted"] = predicted * df[weight]
        df_ = (
            df_.groupby([feature])[[weight, "observed", "predicted"]]
            .sum()
            .assign(observed=lambda x: x["observed"] / x[weight])
            .assign(predicted=lambda x: x["predicted"] / x[weight])
        )
    
        ax = df_.loc[:, ["observed", "predicted"]].plot(style=".", ax=ax)
        y_max = df_.loc[:, ["observed", "predicted"]].values.max() * 0.8
        p2 = ax.fill_between(
            df_.index,
            0,
            y_max * df_[weight] / df_[weight].values.max(),
            color="g",
            alpha=0.1,
        )
        if fill_legend:
            ax.legend([p2], ["{} distribution".format(feature)])
        ax.set(
            ylabel=y_label if y_label is not None else None,
            title=title if title is not None else "Train: Observed vs Predicted",
        )
    
    
    def score_estimator(
        estimator, X_train, X_test, df_train, df_test, target, weights,
        tweedie_powers=None,
    ):
        """Evaluate an estimator on train and test sets with different metrics"""
    
        metrics = [
            ("DÂ² explained", None),   # Use default scorer if it exists
            ("mean abs. error", mean_absolute_error),
            ("mean squared error", mean_squared_error),
        ]
        if tweedie_powers:
            metrics += [(
                "mean Tweedie dev p={:.4f}".format(power),
                partial(mean_tweedie_deviance, power=power)
            ) for power in tweedie_powers]
    
        res = []
        for subset_label, X, df in [
            ("train", X_train, df_train),
            ("test", X_test, df_test),
        ]:
            y, _weights = df[target], df[weights]
            for score_label, metric in metrics:
                if isinstance(estimator, tuple) and len(estimator) == 2:
                    # Score the model consisting of the product of frequency and
                    # severity models.
                    est_freq, est_sev = estimator
                    y_pred = est_freq.predict(X) * est_sev.predict(X)
                else:
                    y_pred = estimator.predict(X)
    
                if metric is None:
                    if not hasattr(estimator, "score"):
                        continue
                    score = estimator.score(X, y, sample_weight=_weights)
                else:
                    score = metric(y, y_pred, sample_weight=_weights)
    
                res.append(
                    {"subset": subset_label, "metric": score_label, "score": score}
                )
    
        res = (
            pd.DataFrame(res)
            .set_index(["metric", "subset"])
            .score.unstack(-1)
            .round(4)
            .loc[:, ['train', 'test']]
        )
        return res
    
## Loading datasets, basic feature extraction and target definitions

We construct the freMTPL2 dataset by joining the freMTPL2freq table,
containing the number of claims (`ClaimNb`), with the freMTPL2sev table,
containing the claim amount (`ClaimAmount`) for the same policy ids (`IDpol`).

    
    df = load_mtpl2(n_samples=60000)
    
    # Note: filter out claims with zero amount, as the severity model
    # requires strictly positive target values.
    df.loc[(df["ClaimAmount"] == 0) & (df["ClaimNb"] >= 1), "ClaimNb"] = 0
    
    # Correct for unreasonable observations (that might be data error)
    # and a few exceptionally large claim amounts
    df["ClaimNb"] = df["ClaimNb"].clip(upper=4)
    df["Exposure"] = df["Exposure"].clip(upper=1)
    df["ClaimAmount"] = df["ClaimAmount"].clip(upper=200000)
    
    log_scale_transformer = make_pipeline(
        FunctionTransformer(func=np.log),
        StandardScaler()
    )
    
    column_trans = ColumnTransformer(
        [
            ("binned_numeric", KBinsDiscretizer(n_bins=10),
                ["VehAge", "DrivAge"]),
            ("onehot_categorical", OneHotEncoder(),
                ["VehBrand", "VehPower", "VehGas", "Region", "Area"]),
            ("passthrough_numeric", "passthrough",
                ["BonusMalus"]),
            ("log_scaled_numeric", log_scale_transformer,
                ["Density"]),
        ],
        remainder="drop",
    )
    X = column_trans.fit_transform(df)
    
    # Insurances companies are interested in modeling the Pure Premium, that is
    # the expected total claim amount per unit of exposure for each policyholder
    # in their portfolio:
    df["PurePremium"] = df["ClaimAmount"] / df["Exposure"]
    
    # This can be indirectly approximated by a 2-step modeling: the product of the
    # Frequency times the average claim amount per claim:
    df["Frequency"] = df["ClaimNb"] / df["Exposure"]
    df["AvgClaimAmount"] = df["ClaimAmount"] / np.fmax(df["ClaimNb"], 1)
    
    with pd.option_context("display.max_columns", 15):
        print(df[df.ClaimAmount > 0].head())
    
Out:

    
    /home/circleci/project/sklearn/datasets/_openml.py:849: UserWarning: Version 1 of dataset freMTPL2freq is inactive, meaning that issues have been found in the dataset. Try using a newer version from this URL: https://www.openml.org/data/v1/download/20649148/freMTPL2freq.arff
      warn("Version {} of dataset {} is inactive, meaning that issues have "
    /home/circleci/project/sklearn/datasets/_openml.py:849: UserWarning: Version 1 of dataset freMTPL2sev is inactive, meaning that issues have been found in the dataset. Try using a newer version from this URL: https://www.openml.org/data/v1/download/20649149/freMTPL2sev.arff
      warn("Version {} of dataset {} is inactive, meaning that issues have "
    /home/circleci/project/sklearn/preprocessing/_discretization.py:220: UserWarning: Bins whose width are too small (i.e., <= 1e-8) in feature 0 are removed. Consider decreasing the number of bins.
      warnings.warn('Bins whose width are too small (i.e., <= '
           ClaimNb  Exposure Area  VehPower  VehAge  DrivAge  BonusMalus VehBrand  \
    IDpol
    139        1.0      0.75    F       7.0     1.0     61.0        50.0      B12
    190        1.0      0.14    B      12.0     5.0     50.0        60.0      B12
    414        1.0      0.14    E       4.0     0.0     36.0        85.0      B12
    424        2.0      0.62    F      10.0     0.0     51.0       100.0      B12
    463        1.0      0.31    A       5.0     0.0     45.0        50.0      B12
    
            VehGas  Density Region  ClaimAmount   PurePremium  Frequency  \
    IDpol
    139    Regular  27000.0    R11       303.00    404.000000   1.333333
    190     Diesel     56.0    R25      1981.84  14156.000000   7.142857
    414    Regular   4792.0    R11      1456.55  10403.928571   7.142857
    424    Regular  27000.0    R11     10834.00  17474.193548   3.225806
    463    Regular     12.0    R73      3986.67  12860.225806   3.225806
    
           AvgClaimAmount
    IDpol
    139            303.00
    190           1981.84
    414           1456.55
    424           5417.00
    463           3986.67
    
## Frequency model â Poisson distribution

The number of claims (`ClaimNb`) is a positive integer (0 included). Thus,
this target can be modelled by a Poisson distribution. It is then assumed to
be the number of discrete events occuring with a constant rate in a given time
interval (`Exposure`, in units of years). Here we model the frequency `y =
ClaimNb / Exposure`, which is still a (scaled) Poisson distribution, and use
`Exposure` as `sample_weight`.

    
    df_train, df_test, X_train, X_test = train_test_split(df, X, random_state=0)
    
    # The parameters of the model are estimated by minimizing the Poisson deviance
    # on the training set via a quasi-Newton solver: l-BFGS. Some of the features
    # are collinear, we use a weak penalization to avoid numerical issues.
    glm_freq = PoissonRegressor(alpha=1e-3, max_iter=400)
    glm_freq.fit(X_train, df_train["Frequency"],
                 sample_weight=df_train["Exposure"])
    
    scores = score_estimator(
        glm_freq,
        X_train,
        X_test,
        df_train,
        df_test,
        target="Frequency",
        weights="Exposure",
    )
    print("Evaluation of PoissonRegressor on target Frequency")
    print(scores)
    
Out:

    
    Evaluation of PoissonRegressor on target Frequency
    subset               train    test
    metric
    DÂ² explained        0.0590  0.0579
    mean abs. error     0.1706  0.1661
    mean squared error  0.3041  0.3043
    
We can visually compare observed and predicted values, aggregated by the
drivers age (`DrivAge`), vehicle age (`VehAge`) and the insurance bonus/malus
(`BonusMalus`).

    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(ncols=2, nrows=2, figsize=(16, 8))
    fig.subplots_adjust(hspace=0.3, wspace=0.2)
    
    plot_obs_pred(
        df=df_train,
        feature="DrivAge",
        weight="Exposure",
        observed="Frequency",
        predicted=glm_freq.predict(X_train),
        y_label="Claim Frequency",
        title="train data",
        ax=ax[0, 0],
    )
    
    plot_obs_pred(
        df=df_test,
        feature="DrivAge",
        weight="Exposure",
        observed="Frequency",
        predicted=glm_freq.predict(X_test),
        y_label="Claim Frequency",
        title="test data",
        ax=ax[0, 1],
        fill_legend=True
    )
    
    plot_obs_pred(
        df=df_test,
        feature="VehAge",
        weight="Exposure",
        observed="Frequency",
        predicted=glm_freq.predict(X_test),
        y_label="Claim Frequency",
        title="test data",
        ax=ax[1, 0],
        fill_legend=True
    )
    
    plot_obs_pred(
        df=df_test,
        feature="BonusMalus",
        weight="Exposure",
        observed="Frequency",
        predicted=glm_freq.predict(X_test),
        y_label="Claim Frequency",
        title="test data",
        ax=ax[1, 1],
        fill_legend=True
    )
    
![train data, test data, test data, test
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

According to the observed data, the frequency of accidents is higher for
drivers younger than 30 years old, and is positively correlated with the
`BonusMalus` variable. Our model is able to mostly correctly model this
behaviour.

## Severity Model - Gamma distribution

The mean claim amount or severity (`AvgClaimAmount`) can be empirically shown
to follow approximately a Gamma distribution. We fit a GLM model for the
severity with the same features as the frequency model.

Note:

  * We filter out `ClaimAmount == 0` as the Gamma distribution has support on \\((0, \infty)\\), not \\([0, \infty)\\).
  * We use `ClaimNb` as `sample_weight` to account for policies that contain more than one claim.

    
    mask_train = df_train["ClaimAmount"] > 0
    mask_test = df_test["ClaimAmount"] > 0
    
    glm_sev = GammaRegressor(alpha=10., max_iter=10000)
    
    glm_sev.fit(
        X_train[mask_train.values],
        df_train.loc[mask_train, "AvgClaimAmount"],
        sample_weight=df_train.loc[mask_train, "ClaimNb"],
    )
    
    scores = score_estimator(
        glm_sev,
        X_train[mask_train.values],
        X_test[mask_test.values],
        df_train[mask_train],
        df_test[mask_test],
        target="AvgClaimAmount",
        weights="ClaimNb",
    )
    print("Evaluation of GammaRegressor on target AvgClaimAmount")
    print(scores)
    
Out:

    
    Evaluation of GammaRegressor on target AvgClaimAmount
    subset                     train          test
    metric
    DÂ² explained        4.300000e-03 -1.380000e-02
    mean abs. error     1.699197e+03  2.027923e+03
    mean squared error  4.548147e+07  6.094863e+07
    
Here, the scores for the test data call for caution as they are significantly
worse than for the training data indicating an overfit despite the strong
regularization.

Note that the resulting model is the average claim amount per claim. As such,
it is conditional on having at least one claim, and cannot be used to predict
the average claim amount per policy in general.

    
    print("Mean AvgClaim Amount per policy:              %.2f "
          % df_train["AvgClaimAmount"].mean())
    print("Mean AvgClaim Amount | NbClaim > 0:           %.2f"
          % df_train["AvgClaimAmount"][df_train["AvgClaimAmount"] > 0].mean())
    print("Predicted Mean AvgClaim Amount | NbClaim > 0: %.2f"
          % glm_sev.predict(X_train).mean())
    
Out:

    
    Mean AvgClaim Amount per policy:              97.89
    Mean AvgClaim Amount | NbClaim > 0:           1899.60
    Predicted Mean AvgClaim Amount | NbClaim > 0: 1884.40
    
We can visually compare observed and predicted values, aggregated for the
drivers age (`DrivAge`).

    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(ncols=1, nrows=2, figsize=(16, 6))
    
    plot_obs_pred(
        df=df_train.loc[mask_train],
        feature="DrivAge",
        weight="Exposure",
        observed="AvgClaimAmount",
        predicted=glm_sev.predict(X_train[mask_train.values]),
        y_label="Average Claim Severity",
        title="train data",
        ax=ax[0],
    )
    
    plot_obs_pred(
        df=df_test.loc[mask_test],
        feature="DrivAge",
        weight="Exposure",
        observed="AvgClaimAmount",
        predicted=glm_sev.predict(X_test[mask_test.values]),
        y_label="Average Claim Severity",
        title="test data",
        ax=ax[1],
        fill_legend=True
    )
    plt.tight_layout()
    
![train data, test
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

Overall, the drivers age (`DrivAge`) has a weak impact on the claim severity,
both in observed and predicted data.

## Pure Premium Modeling via a Product Model vs single TweedieRegressor

As mentioned in the introduction, the total claim amount per unit of exposure
can be modeled as the product of the prediction of the frequency model by the
prediction of the severity model.

Alternatively, one can directly model the total loss with a unique Compound
Poisson Gamma generalized linear model (with a log link function). This model
is a special case of the Tweedie GLM with a âpowerâ parameter \\(p \in (1,
2)\\). Here, we fix apriori the `power` parameter of the Tweedie model to some
arbitrary value (1.9) in the valid range. Ideally one would select this value
via grid-search by minimizing the negative log-likelihood of the Tweedie
model, but unfortunately the current implementation does not allow for this
(yet).

We will compare the performance of both approaches. To quantify the
performance of both models, one can compute the mean deviance of the train and
test data assuming a Compound Poisson-Gamma distribution of the total claim
amount. This is equivalent to a Tweedie distribution with a `power` parameter
between 1 and 2.

The `sklearn.metrics.mean_tweedie_deviance` depends on a `power` parameter. As
we do not know the true value of the `power` parameter, we here compute the
mean deviances for a grid of possible values, and compare the models side by
side, i.e. we compare them at identical values of `power`. Ideally, we hope
that one model will be consistently better than the other, regardless of
`power`.

    
    glm_pure_premium = TweedieRegressor(power=1.9, alpha=.1, max_iter=10000)
    glm_pure_premium.fit(X_train, df_train["PurePremium"],
                         sample_weight=df_train["Exposure"])
    
    tweedie_powers = [1.5, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 1.99, 1.999, 1.9999]
    
    scores_product_model = score_estimator(
        (glm_freq, glm_sev),
        X_train,
        X_test,
        df_train,
        df_test,
        target="PurePremium",
        weights="Exposure",
        tweedie_powers=tweedie_powers,
    )
    
    scores_glm_pure_premium = score_estimator(
        glm_pure_premium,
        X_train,
        X_test,
        df_train,
        df_test,
        target="PurePremium",
        weights="Exposure",
        tweedie_powers=tweedie_powers
    )
    
    scores = pd.concat([scores_product_model, scores_glm_pure_premium],
                       axis=1, sort=True,
                       keys=('Product Model', 'TweedieRegressor'))
    print("Evaluation of the Product Model and the Tweedie Regressor "
          "on target PurePremium")
    with pd.option_context('display.expand_frame_repr', False):
        print(scores)
    
Out:

    
    Evaluation of the Product Model and the Tweedie Regressor on target PurePremium
                              Product Model               TweedieRegressor
    subset                            train          test            train          test
    metric
    DÂ² explained                        NaN           NaN     2.550000e-02  2.480000e-02
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.5000  8.217810e+01  8.637570e+01     7.960860e+01  8.618600e+01
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.7000  3.833650e+01  3.919520e+01     3.737410e+01  3.917420e+01
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.8000  3.106840e+01  3.148220e+01     3.047900e+01  3.148110e+01
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.9000  3.396200e+01  3.420300e+01     3.360070e+01  3.420810e+01
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.9900  1.989240e+02  1.996400e+02     1.986911e+02  1.996461e+02
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.9990  1.886429e+03  1.892747e+03     1.886206e+03  1.892753e+03
    mean Tweedie dev p=1.9999  1.876452e+04  1.882692e+04     1.876430e+04  1.882692e+04
    mean abs. error            3.246758e+02  3.469564e+02     3.202543e+02  3.397078e+02
    mean squared error         1.469184e+08  3.325892e+07     1.469328e+08  3.325470e+07
    
In this example, both modeling approaches yield comparable performance
metrics. For implementation reasons, the percentage of explained variance
\\(D^2\\) is not available for the product model.

We can additionally validate these models by comparing observed and predicted
total claim amount over the test and train subsets. We see that, on average,
both model tend to underestimate the total claim (but this behavior depends on
the amount of regularization).

    
    res = []
    for subset_label, X, df in [
        ("train", X_train, df_train),
        ("test", X_test, df_test),
    ]:
        exposure = df["Exposure"].values
        res.append(
            {
                "subset": subset_label,
                "observed": df["ClaimAmount"].values.sum(),
                "predicted, frequency*severity model": np.sum(
                    exposure * glm_freq.predict(X) * glm_sev.predict(X)
                ),
                "predicted, tweedie, power=%.2f"
                % glm_pure_premium.power: np.sum(
                    exposure * glm_pure_premium.predict(X)),
            }
        )
    
    print(pd.DataFrame(res).set_index("subset").T)
    
Out:

    
    subset                                      train          test
    observed                             4.577616e+06  1.725665e+06
    predicted, frequency*severity model  4.565308e+06  1.495330e+06
    predicted, tweedie, power=1.90       4.451884e+06  1.432038e+06
    
Finally, we can compare the two models using a plot of cumulated claims: for
each model, the policyholders are ranked from safest to riskiest and the
fraction of observed total cumulated claims is plotted on the y axis. This
plot is often called the ordered Lorenz curve of the model.

The Gini coefficient (based on the area under the curve) can be used as a
model selection metric to quantify the ability of the model to rank
policyholders. Note that this metric does not reflect the ability of the
models to make accurate predictions in terms of absolute value of total claim
amounts but only in terms of relative amounts as a ranking metric.

Both models are able to rank policyholders by risky-ness significantly better
than chance although they are also both far from perfect due to the natural
difficulty of the prediction problem from few features.

Note that the Gini index only characterize the ranking performance of the
model but not its calibration: any monotonic transformation of the predictions
leaves the Gini index of the model unchanged.

Finally one should highlight that the Compound Poisson Gamma model that is
directly fit on the pure premium is operationally simpler to develop and
maintain as it consists in a single scikit-learn estimator instead of a pair
of models, each with its own set of hyperparameters.

    
    def lorenz_curve(y_true, y_pred, exposure):
        y_true, y_pred = np.asarray(y_true), np.asarray(y_pred)
        exposure = np.asarray(exposure)
    
        # order samples by increasing predicted risk:
        ranking = np.argsort(y_pred)
        ranked_exposure = exposure[ranking]
        ranked_pure_premium = y_true[ranking]
        cumulated_claim_amount = np.cumsum(ranked_pure_premium * ranked_exposure)
        cumulated_claim_amount /= cumulated_claim_amount[-1]
        cumulated_samples = np.linspace(0, 1, len(cumulated_claim_amount))
        return cumulated_samples, cumulated_claim_amount
    
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots(figsize=(8, 8))
    
    y_pred_product = glm_freq.predict(X_test) * glm_sev.predict(X_test)
    y_pred_total = glm_pure_premium.predict(X_test)
    
    for label, y_pred in [("Frequency * Severity model", y_pred_product),
                          ("Compound Poisson Gamma", y_pred_total)]:
        ordered_samples, cum_claims = lorenz_curve(
            df_test["PurePremium"], y_pred, df_test["Exposure"])
        gini = 1 - 2 * auc(ordered_samples, cum_claims)
        label += " (Gini index: {:.3f})".format(gini)
        ax.plot(ordered_samples, cum_claims, linestyle="-", label=label)
    
    # Oracle model: y_pred == y_test
    ordered_samples, cum_claims = lorenz_curve(
        df_test["PurePremium"], df_test["PurePremium"], df_test["Exposure"])
    gini = 1 - 2 * auc(ordered_samples, cum_claims)
    label = "Oracle (Gini index: {:.3f})".format(gini)
    ax.plot(ordered_samples, cum_claims, linestyle="-.", color="gray",
            label=label)
    
    # Random baseline
    ax.plot([0, 1], [0, 1], linestyle="--", color="black",
            label="Random baseline")
    ax.set(
        title="Lorenz Curves",
        xlabel=('Fraction of policyholders\n'
                '(ordered by model from safest to riskiest)'),
        ylabel='Fraction of total claim amount'
    )
    ax.legend(loc="upper left")
    plt.plot()
    
![Lorenz
Curves](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAyAAAAMgCAMAAADsrvZaAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAAB11BMVEX///+AgID//v7+/f7/fw4fd7TW1tbx8fEAAAD4+PgDAwMLCwsHBwcPDw8fHx8/Pz/6+vpfX19ubm78/Py/v7/c3NxOTk66urrQ0NB+fn8VFRWfn5+EhIQvLy+QkJAbGxvi4uLGxsavr68nJyf1+fzn5+fk5ORpaWmYmJjz8/OcnJzv7++pqan09PTu7u6VlZV5eXjDw8OHh4cyMjLg4OC2trbZ2dnt7e1XV1f/+fSsrKyBgYHe3t7MzMxJSUmysrJcXFwjIyM9PT05OTn29vZSUlKKiorU1NQrKytxcXHw8PA2Njb19fXV1dXJycn/3sL/0qrq6ur/lDZ0dXVERET/jip3rNH/xpWNjY3/5Mz/qV3/9e3/v4f/iB/d6vP/8OSHttf/6tinp6Yyg7pUl8aAsdRmZmbv9fr/mkD/uHn/2roqfbj/n0tGRkb/zJ89ib7Ozs5iYmL/sGvj7vaVv9yPu9pGj8H/+/lencn/o1PF3Oy71ehup8/+ghShoaGy0OVmosz/17QkerXq8vilyOHS0tKqy+OexN7M4O7V5fGioqKlpaWjo6PhfyfIeTHugyOxfUlaeYk0dqGhe1LWv6eNdVnOrIobVX3Hk2GZhXD18Otzk6eA/v5UfqILAAAgAElEQVR42uzd3VPayhsH8O1kDi7JBuQlIkEMQhHkYEEpmAHkRV6Kosw4euG1F945o//AufOmp3/0b58kSNSetr/TM3aw3890BGI2Jul+2WejExgDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAgP9cih/+ROtgZaCrlh3HeQQE5KXzmnqT3bu21XWcSPi9AjJUfqBxR3XHjtnHl+1xauFtBWTvUhODrrMocW/yISsPNO32Ti6IaEZHs46D8hl3JN0Wh/zmcTtJ7m6tzVio00yLavqIFsSskSzENnLCjJzLl/GwLqzRKU47LF1A4mqtnL3lZVpk3dSbsQ1+380OtDMZC5G7SiR5izFjS+rRSmSf178aEKufis82eUMuqPMuUzpaK1GyJkPWFpfZ+N+9P3HaYekCMjB35Bv+xFLkooh8nVGj8uuOadO4QYno5NwVy7zqtS04GXgZEJUWHwhazTZX2TVvOsNNhTU5JiuwnAHZ5QV6GPOAXESFVokfrkq2SQGhGUVVuCON6LHvBKTmLBnJrH0QF4z1dNrQqoyaIaYpA+ccljAgGb5BD1/4nlw0k8823OkGV2kOsojAJ/1ydd72n0qsjrOkLr9b4bJCu/S2dCnnOWsa72/irMPyjSCqN4I0vEVF3jx0PAlIxkqvPLb1T9L3edBpvghIzLJZbeqUWe6GnOEmNuvxa5x2WMI5iKyjFHcOQova6ni+ziIgJxNr29d4fpn38KOcaNCwc+QLiKzJ9njRGZVm/p94wi9w2mF5AjJuktO4Om12vatYTmb21ZtsvHyR9Aeko5boOlbGa3xeE4XuXrmnrrMVfZLtjkL+gDS4JU5o0OjorXoiFcmyop2K10c8gdMOyxMQV9v/exB3UMmGdREaJfwBCT35PQhjw036U5MRTUVmA81KlvwBYQPuzudXr9JCy90YbGsUEma4i7MOAAAAAAAAAAAAAPBqlMzJCsBrOMkoyxeQDAd4LZnlC8gJz+CtDV5Fhp8sX0BW+ArqTEBfQ0AAfQ0BAfQ17DQgIL9gp2NDeG0xBGRZdlrJB+D15RUEZDl2Oh84wBv6qzsI5BGQpdjpWOAANfIvcBCIISDLsNPDAO4n+yv8VucdAQEEBAH59ZLpn2jQ5nfes4b55P8rsuZ7wbPuYzj6bFOL5j+j1kRA3nJA3Puc/1f30Qw/PmtOdW1y/N0GOwfPuvO/C8ioJb8oxYGmTaLyWE78t5XOB705wsr/F5BKSNT2vOd7A13krugAndPVYWy1GhKhlsJYt68gIG85IJ285Ewvgz/58xvXMiCH7s1wEuq40chGv9NCWX3xfv+vApJRM3JjtmhtGYlq5Ec39e2AlNVSIKp5Hxhyd/2p/UUrypTJk/VJTTG2YXbbTW2TsZhZR0DeckDc3hkuHJtH7Kyjmb1zxnZ7mnlFJYlTnuiyP2zbur7WptXHpl6Q/Tp4YYl+SenTbQsf3BHo4MZOJzsBZ3vRx7GkWxOhd6vMtuXzVTPFlHFIpGVZEuf1mhqX/T1J78nxMN0x9EDEvRSULK0QG5sm3Wj345qm2XQNdd/U7qsUkFRO5Cq+Hn5Ft5m+5m42FfegwtEL3Uw+K7FCG/eaRXdJnKVFLUvNvUOOq3KwuDJ9V2qntEO5qu9UjXru46a2y1jnfr4k0kNAfoOAaBeNQN6sBu4uZdcuWImHNc0XkNP+/UOglwuyiF4IdOmt1LayRqLMNiZyheMjb2NF7w5r1Jcf3Cd1PWUkQu9YV+zIsIgVVs3VjZQMQpynE8aBDMiOLQex4N+6HMA2Q265ktRGZ11xG22k+BZTakeHs5rcq7IoNaqaDEjRarabcq8eA7JGnXkt9+Sgwvq7xl9088MnAdErxr4aYLum/anbl80fD/kidLIusnS3OXftoErNokeLM3VnltwnE7qT736owdbNa6cUQ0CWLyDK+2/x/c43omqaNmJhemNO3lK5whs7okzv5r6AlHKySVAkWCQkqzE5GjS8+27m1ZkzLpAPBRpB3E8S2O3wkF2Sff5oX776YsmVPjsNd8WWXHBvy4BkvYrJyWhQlz8z/c6rozR5JLeUlty+rNZk/XTGZ2xAMZjKBhb1y43BIiBpmoLkaDNRTbO8gFDfnlafBUQGWDGLrKifUpzvHg+ZBWv2hAaFrBezbU77ufEYOkuoLffZzLlFr1LlKt93hkhVQUCWLiDv//iW976AXBqGkWdh6hwdCovG6+ucSu+0LyAF9zsVOWVx66eyuuq9ed+wrHb6Yg7CmFG619OnTBOyoeCnrHDLdrWs7F60JXUqA7LtDwiL3rI77pX8yYkzO5Jfjo7lsEKL9L/onxyt0uycO9s0FwHJjecBOTfGuhcQZ1S5fxaQsRunY6oA12Xz+SHLCKr9Xd/JfB6Q9kNRd+/mfkM7x66t64fPVHyyBB8iIG84IGuLa6CdkUF2754GRJMBmTrfOXFXlwHpzgPS1YfUC19cxXI6lZzNirHTUmF76vkXWUbNeJxeZ2RA/nwSkAc1E730z8SdxXK/vIB8fgxInn+hTbQXARlUFyVWah4QOqK1yLOA0Gd6pJPuFMkJiHfIjJVUPePb95cllpeWU935XBCrMl9S1lBiveUSyxeQas7t9TuqLHc+0BzErNDNzVOyJFnxrS67V3t+a/OYdaVu/dNFKr3CBvP0KKHNjizeV8Rn9/UiIDfuLkyT5vXXAuKVWIduiTWgEqv17DJUYc2ZpGd/OCBFfeiWWPNDZoaW6oT9f274cpLecpKaEs5f8ugUkP0+7ewRAvIbTNKpO22bo5mRuI+xQsibpNu5w8NLlSbp4b12PJp5DAiLWNl2nD7yrypyX7saexFv30VEg9XV5KdAmfpZdUJXiljVTBl3lZQvIBuhxrnspkWhD78WkCeT9CRN0ktis/GQuloEpGvKmZEyEq1ZO975kYDsmPZZnSbp80OODUZywj5ezEGcy7zHdJm3KuctlW6jkdKdtBzZ7nmzuu2sSZ8QEm4hIL9JQFhjpIvcscJ2epo5pkXbt1q/TpV2PmKK/s3KIiDDY0v0qQQ3+Pgrm42PLGF2KBD1gdCndGX1jDvXqJTN/7F37r9pZFccvw5jOsyL5/AYY48xwmBix2AMJl7MwxgbG8cSxdK6lVJVbsVKVd2FX7barpqqlVxVG2ezXW2rVv1ne8+dBzNAHJIlso3v+SGRYYY7j/uZc86de743zilXAQsg7XOeDWC/xSfROEAGw7xRhfd24KvXi4K4vzIAxK/CuwhHqsXjg3ROAAiKLQqLu7C7fsqfqdgvrAg9cxRLe1EIo85efLZLTV7MbcLhG6MTP/NJQi3jwpeIW6aA3BsLBFXjfuM/coKU+qmAvNvcvok2y3JTmua9zO199L6bV3d2SzrG8m0UkHtg+cyuCUiJ9znT3O7dAuKS3dWptObZLtZ/wt7RO7tfhwkKyL0yE5AORMvd+t0CssDlVqfjG9n49cPuMxSQewbIPnTgFWO4FdHp7hSQqZqr7X/YgNRgnlKM1Ty8i6jdUUAoINMy/4/M2wcOCEx0yOqAkBl/FBAKyPTs+4cOiC3Eoh6EAjJVy75imP/MQJKe/HRJOrVHDEiW575jfnx4gKz1euxFb5u83S3xx590mJfa4wUky7O1N/+tPDxAAiTV8JK3u5/6RSG1RwtIgGel797MbT7IEOu9B30nN+qd5aswd/CTW6Q7Pgq1tD96gB+sFzHOrtWN2QME8+Gef0MB0SzhkwQ1GJoWIG6WFWrRwQj6QXvSo480BTF3+OwjGk/wJXIiNUGpp04HMg3W9v0JzwcB8qwqilVD+yES58VzKJPq4iaCUFQcVAWlCq9IG9GZA+SIZ6++oYAYPVtt7haOLuJTA6SbKG1qpXYfZDtxdSHsrBQ3P6LxKMzEkpX4uvN6t1yZ2O3cCki5GYs1DTWJ1yH5qC9i1FKB0l5QxfhfxLZjdRggqaj+WQPEX706oICYHUGLEZ4OJs3aFRPYzbIgwbT2a7cgdtcss2RHBRAIIPD1eR2ewAKU30KIE3bzfG4PNyDyzTz24C1ByXgssgpgXV6bsuJA6CbHK8U2kXVYFNztfJwvnsLWPlFJbXj5Gv4Jf18S4kvGOTThTl7pwY6DhFgldtctLMbsIVaADeWEOtQED8s/9Jsu5MlVB5fFCXW1MbZgvbq6lw0bIkkV1gN1yIGZC7H8B4gCYjy4zYe9WXZhU0xArJIuRDgnOlUb1wHJawVkWABhAEgwh4LxbPiq5iEdtFl1FtbDqHx+LVcCaJVPOlcADFNWAVoXB2lEOi/H6mUApJ7t1dxXvayyBbIS0UKUK6cKSeUUeSJnpRt+XY+GoDPvWLwWASReKTQkzxAgrcCL/foY+Ye12jHKSCe4FV00KE12ExfM33QdilqwtnEsaRHcjja7sjU3U4CEusQjzjwgT57fZk/Mfc7MhNbURrApJiCWKCUkUUrED+g8l7AAUh0SQDAAceSFTgHg2hHWSQfltX7W1LpSBgQgNnnHQFYBEggWZNly2IcZx7UGD3z8rIfndfdKE2Hw81XYVK9gTDa0/3uw4qp2IgrPd3RA0nA2zmEPgs+BPRiVf0AxLsKBK6hm9KgNagW1yQrEWfCsCjkIPm42ThxIh2frpLSw4Z0lQEICu/QoAHnO3GbPxwBiaiPYFBMQSwrB3ZrMwQkbsAAyLICgAcLxHNc/rXB+7VvooBHufEuGqu96JKz3KNCFMGUVCCBwX7blBg77e0GJ59kXuD/jZ/YCVHxHcroIA7TpAP2rVE4B5QdiMdhOOxFZbvl0QM7AtQSGAGkjogwxIv+AsWUztrQmbgNkQ471JfAgJ4VAMAcgtAuhehkqqKrFGQIE8xEE//jkm/m3FBB7iGVqI9jL+YYAyeryDt4xAggaIF552Q9TYCyAoMLFOWhOLaca3JKGBDz1TdQsIRZud0OpZp0h0p+f6jkEHBLZmrSJ+/+6sNmTu3qWXYBUwTgRtwEIPp6nI4A8hZZLo/IPyLHPNazXciTEGtDi4vXS+WXiysrJ2QEkr/OB0F9mHZBJQ6xBkm5qIwwBQpQSLCEWSCT6Je8YAYRBDgKdloRYu2YHLWojQpmmJcSyAGIk6bjdPYiYbm4HhOifnOuAOMSVQZI+ESAj8g84a8/yVhpIkn5mTdJRTR9PcAkLBiAQlKnpmQFkwMfsAzL5+KzS3C04l+KWJN0OCEnSX2hJeg335hRfcXZF7xgBBCsgKNjMhstakn6QDGxnax3ky5f2WkVLkm4FZCeupsPySryB2kJHrsRvB2RJzBciojFO2+gYw7yFG+V4AkBG5B96QgWleXmQg6Dyoj7MG19BG5nY9l5fOELy1t52LIiz9bPN3nZgv+aC392eFUCeiWzDeINEATEtkYQXhQHrMK8NkM1zQbq0DPN6kqKyFfSOE0CwAgLDvFfaMK+rqAqq7wDBi7zqjnWY1wIIOsnEBWExgr+/lIR65XZAXF5RTGYMQPIqJAMJn8TxrcPTCQAZln84IGqijbrfHMVCO1WeJy8K2QV00MAnEMQuZbWscGq1ABdDFKQk+Lwtsxp+BjxI0YNMQBgKyERmnbZxX83Ruryrpl1qdkYAsWv7/73DvL0MUUBmAxAU/vauWi4MZos+bEAqkm2NmH8zDPNHRAGZEUDuhT1oQFY41qrR8XvMxy8QBYQaBcTgY5B/IPQHzMf/HB4PBYQaBQTbrp0P9DXDzP9JnktRQKhRQAgfVSsfTximM48oINQoIGCOFlu1SWB9zjA//Bo5XC4KCDUKCEI7c3aJuJc4wvrHRH2NAkJt1gEZswL4S+af8w4KCDUKCEKX3Oj78j8zP/wGofZKgAJC7ZED8ppj+8PO4nc4BfkS0SR9QpOWhj9Jn79zA21VHDTm/eJU1E3ayioFZJp2M4YP9EucgnxFATFsua9ykm9nckC06UcDEZL2qeW7hH65E64PAsTlU/jgsnEePkmoQ/3eWlIlFeMo5eY18o77FJAp2rfj+EBfM/+a/4ICYuRoyn5gO9+s6YS43g/Iayi2+2ARktsBSaqhnntRH0spNgNyRMS+ol8LlFKw2uzS1pYGyLXwjAIyNXvFst0xyfjPmQ7ciQIFBKyswtYJWB9QinpFL+rUBCniwZ9VcoLS0AA56Sq8O6zvEYTqC4sICWzApoNCrWIPsUxhEbSgCsELUftJac6DyIKAwf3BvTmBZXVXubzW0ThQ7lnMINSEcqZcxBq7SWkKyNQsyiZH+XiCIyxyyWcdEJfV8HVwuDzGp5Z9jErVruhAkngoyygaK1VgudcKF3GGo6T/O+rBvUJH0Z2MuG4XISGAqJeyj98ZAkQXFjljtwpLIgYkLy7IIWkO+etBlBK3tfUxte4PjmExop8GTLOu46+6uVVHgM9aASl6KSDTs/woH89fMgzz5WMAZM5qRwgdzUGl6CH8ZdnHEG24YNtIMnTS0GEO99Cq2f8DIjBV067XUzZrFyEhgOC+vcHmhwDRhUWKIABRxIDsA4w3KixKnuFvkLbCMonaBPj3XIeu7l7137A4kHN5WU5fVt344WM3BWQ6Vlkb+/FfMR9/+4oCMhYQoqK5W1eIzodReY37/yHHY+M6WvoN1dpWERICCEhUia+GANGFRRYhUloC+R+iIcISlaCiLa2xASLvs1yrigE5jFfCm3zICkimRQGZiqXZ/bGH+znzdn7+tzTEGoRY0UGIBZ0+xkX3Cp+JA0UP/OmWCtofsiac5oIIyCJCogECmOE97ID0tKpXExDhkPwOPpgq1/JYjsIWYmHbSIDb0ZKR/pUVkGSZAjINS7GszzEekO/n53/1GACZ0K4sSToAcgGKaX3cm92DECvElSx7NJeQVYTk/YCYIVbdGKRdF7JqxPKTJElP6Ek6sWdiCp8PfNA9twKyH6GAfEo+CCBfIAqIaf9n7168msbyOIBf2ptyaZIChfKI0gK1gIDSCm1ZlreAPARlwReiIipzdJYVZl1HVp1VZ1l3lGV0XOfsn7s3LZQW+0qBtE2+33P0pOm9RSQfcn9JbhJSRqsbo4d5I0Ca7auuSEVdzYv07YlokT7aEOxv8g9Ee0ypN5A6uAlJZiBNbCLUFSnS7fWXbJ1+0iir6JoOapDIYd5F9TDvYhdvFuyvbVD3MOWT1f2nJL7Gt9HOAhv8n3hZCgDIsfiYSnGxFQfykABIXHoqFbsncqIwesZjQRF71fEQ6WuIHeYtdXrsnuHGaAebNE3ib0KSEQhp3z/MG7woyTNt1sV1/tOZGjkbO4pFxpyyFDlR6OB7iM4RSWlVv4av0iN5b1r3H1HKx3yrXgIgx1B/pPRhiQfSDiA5pfdC3r7FmY8AcvTUKQspL9Zdpl9eRJcad4IAklN63Pn6DucnrAByDGlJ/d94ACSbbQ1AEKMB6UpfxQEIYmogbib2p3nbAiCImYHcZMyfbpj6ltIvb/aK9As/AQhiLiDcR306HxZK6ec9IDYcxUJMBmQigw91BxIU9oCUhUsBBDETkD7GMlyIsEXpe+EVahDElEDKakrSN1im9DGAaIsj7UmPypoM3dUne2RsBCB6hI+tqjI04RXI/RiQ+do5AOFbL2N2T+v5kwQy3QEg+c9pZ8aTrD9yH+TZPhAU6dFNfNDXWOvpPUkgGGIVQP7IWG2mNvcptdwVhOvRV7MAEtvEp2S++910SF53ZM2EIrdW8H1sjeTYUYEcPJyt3SO2Vk0oyulY7xJFXCtTL0OU5UEXH+a2KpLjwsEs9v0hVrlzQVafS5g4vR1A9EoJY5mvoFuilPsQ3u8DOWVoIOeiGUuyeBiIa1IhpKJ+rn9H7ORr5FbbkNhGyOBk08BFyR33eE9xfHZIWneGTkUegKz2FnsvDSl+Qvr6Qhs1k1Yy4Qn0BFYPZrHHgMgloZ/477DE6e0AolPqGZvI2OgWpX9aEYRnxBxAWDTqZCUxuqheW66oCwlA7KLEIjPM1bSO8zUOXsv19pKQOmXWxtz7D4ie40D4F1h38LGsd+/XUaWszp8Vo6PbebZNnIuR5dgs9hiQUf56xp84vR1AdCrPs/KhngT5TRAeEQBJALLoqnOu8wEVaetWRPuMWpXwF85y0mxXD3rIbuJ2qA3ln0j9JNl7e3Rqr7f6mXWsh7h6HaLIgmRAHnHysW5sFnsMiPpk8prNxOntAKJPtu2x34DpgewKwru/mwWIhiEWKVenKUldG661/aOyESDWBCAfDj0gOgGId73WdkmdNlXauSmPH8xiP6hBSOSRzwnT2wFEp6xm44NcpbvP4450XTI4EC1FerXUwgdHfGExDkhkiBU6GGINJAMij0WGWGH1XkCBvTukBFk4Nov9MJDE6e0AosP4ajrblhzIdQIgyYCQ7lbiloOhejkOCBlsmBsYTSjSvwUi9s4GeZFuVYZd1TMcyM1VW2hTscZmsR8Gkji9HUBO3od/JNsbfv9Od1cAJDmQj1JjWaUst/rjgfgGJceHxMO83wCpqVfETV5313qlhmoOpK1BlBc3DmaxHwaSOL0dQE7cx0JkLn82ubtAd38BEMRMQFQf2d5f/OkC3Uoo7QEEMTgQ61T2PojwiS4BCGIiIKqPbM84WR7v0sQ9iKttCEAQIwPp8GbtQz2Nrl6qqHFbAxCkmIdYLatZN12m1H+PAAhiFiDWOS2tLct093sCIIhZgFhb7ZruQvmYfnmQuCbkbjYmkCpbGFtrHhK2VRWSD8Y0Pa3uf/Tr88Q12yUGve0P8dnCY4jeCdt8heXjlJYOLyn9ejdx1eXGeYMCsfpsiP7xFc59g61r2nysPN+l9L+5bGtFCYSPsvALXfcU0vhqk7EPWnYfwmdK7xCLeYAgpo7Vad/R0v6BwHcgPx5eO980CyCIMYVoulq66vMnSpe/WV1XsgMgiOFS5S7T1uFfnAd9fRtAEFP4qGQ1mo4WnFHHV1tJLjIBEMSQPtQnBmvo8L3wH3or2TsAghjPx7BGHxWC8FuKixQBBDGijz5NPVaEr7wCSXqV4gaAIAbLmlYf5BUfYNElC4AgZkhAbtbY443wK72S/C0AQQyXaaIZyOtU06Q2Sj4CCGKYVKxtaO9kefH5Nb0HIIjxfYwzj/b5KLfViba3AQQxgQ9pSHu3q5T+ukxSAVkFEMQYKeM+gjn0W6K7/0j13vbNZgBBjOGjJjcf5Af66aV5tjUAMWtKcvRBtqgfQBDD59xgbU79fv5E/b8ACGLs+pxEHvGcQx4Jn+jvKbva2msBBCn6jA2W5NjzrsCB3Ej59gCOYiFG8MGkXJ5J9M93As9SGiAdoUYAQYrdxzqTqjX3+u65EMn7dEBQgyBG8CFq9nH3RUTHy5/PEABBDO1jMQcf36k6Hv47UpynAxKu6wcQpKjTnIMPwouPN/s3UVxKW6R3AghS3GkLaO1hfSgIj2KvAAQxbC7ndI/yp4LwlAAIYvicK2/QLuQl9/HAmh2QOQBBitkHE7U+bf6vkXMf8WsABDFmzo4yuUlblzMPI6c+qgAEMYWPOY193nMeK4euvAIQxIgpzcEHWRGEM4fXAQhixPR7tPvgQB4RAEFMEdcAARAAQZL+mKtz66cdSB+AIEWX6Ys5Tq8FEAAxQTpmmLyhD5DTAIKYx0cKIH8x0bYGIIbP+W6m1BEAARAk6U/4CD5MAqTLIXXvX+K80yAplWEAMU+qhpVtoheQ0GpT8QHptLfbnGJPZDlgd/cHJmsAxExC+oluQJqK8SjWTCv/y+uPLE+M8L/cHgAxScL1VUfqrxXI/EDxTbkts6v3E3aORoVLQatvdG3vndLS0kYAMXDmG5jziEBWDF+DtDB1WHjaG33VJ9pZTUV0uZ6pARAj+1BmAUQLkFnPRF1wchN7EFP4mGSKjRw3EEs6IB0uX3EPsYbH1Uqd+VCDmMKHJ0SOHQjZSlukF+HzQeKL9PFe9btgLQBi+Fi7j+7DHEDUw7xTYg/xDxNyyt7lCnTPEAAxfoIjR/ZhDiCRE4XVhFSW82X3pOQZbgEQM6TsyJ9gMQeQIjyygBwtvsXQsXzOIwABECP68LKL1nwACQAIUvhp8TKHiwAIgCBJfYwwRz8BEABBkqXx+HwACIAYL73H5wNAAMR4CY/3EAABECRZzh3vxwEIgBgqPSNdAAIgSIr0O9jI5XwCqSirABCkkH206LAHuWqibQ1A4ANAAMQMcTmY95h9aAYSat4AEKQw42ZeH8kzkEDJEIAgBZquY/fBgfxNE5DGQAhAkEKsP07mx6gVCGoQpCAT8oye1QvInwEEKTofbHK+EICU+qYBBDGND81AqlGkIwUXm3JSPiwAAiBG8NEwf0KffR1AAKTYU6ecmA8AARADZDtMAARAkKQ4Aif68QACIMXtQxHnAARAkFTlB+sOAwiAICl9nMcQC0CQpNmQ2UwHKTAgQQBBCiOhk/cBIABSvCmrmZkmeQByLTUQC4AgBSTk5H90yYDcoW+xB0EKPAN+qx5fJgmQK5TeS9l+LHwOQJD8Z05mbn2APDu05hal1GKibQ1AitTHaGlegFhuUPqEAAhS6D7OkrwAIcv0hzTtXbWYk47kO02iXj6SAKH0cZr2tSjSkXynQ2blOvn4Fggv0W+kaR8K2gAEyXNWF8+R/AC5fS33Eh1AED1i3fujP5Db95c5j9dPCIAgBZtAd4ueXy4OyFWqZit9+7HpMQBB8pdqka3lCcgWpXde38rQHkU6kmcfi2N5AnItzWNBAAQpEB/ruvqIA/KW0lsAghS0D4kN6uuDvNoH8oTXH3/IBkgtgCD5ibVbdx/Wd3tArnAfV8n/2bsTp6aSPA7g/ZLX0DmAKOGQYMIRISgIiJwiyOmBy40XgiAiCCoIiCyOCqIjKsmgIeoAACAASURBVFO7Tk1t1e5fu90vCYkrsISEX/cLv2+VVkLVpMNUf+zu97p/D4FgVE5JqQ3YxwKlXwgZHXvHfbwkCASjbgbgm1z/SCmdCV3f3SQIBKNuah070E2Ocx7zVjLJdTx/1EgQCEZhH07WZYVt8gP3sfKfl4N6LPvbEQhGko9s0PWHf22e+5h4ZsyuHhIEglF9/AD1MfOE86D/EjpGHo7G8k0RCAY8rdyHC7RFrmPqL8Hj3WaMlBEIBjxDwD7Gp+if/xQ8BufeEASCQFSP1QM7fmz80INXdmM/+XGr4AICwUCm2gbeZCXHMTZ734J9DYEonyJ7C7CQ/ln94GO1CASjTJrsrAF2fnVXTK7+Ouro0Vx4GYFgIH1cA/XRL3Zd/fvP7aP+9+ov0t8bA7LtPQJJgpRzH5mQDY6K4WNyno4f9QNyi64r3tfsxqa2ejsCSY7xA9BH490xcenqzbrYoZi0sxVmAMlNQyDmT7XjFOT48UAMH0uEPKHUmqxAztbYb9TU1Jx1NCCQJEgK6PxqVtf7Rwn5Qvd45MFhk+myKt3XNI0NaZp26bENgZh9/bEI3GCjrvcRsrxAKd068oe0am7F+5onxkOZCETN7NjTmkEbtOiiKoNLbFIcJ0kMhBBbwWUeBGJyH+wV6PmPxhFdn7WQNUrX4lmhqw+krt3Ow/AqlqnznrGnsOejnun6CCF+Slfj+phWrVrxvtbRXruYy4NATBwPtA/LUrCqz1a8V3iLlAfiSME1iNnTylgpqI/Jd3qwLNwy/UiSHEhNNQIxeyoyYH2IC7y6cW5wnM7HC6RQ8b7m7nDXp/IgEBOnE9ZHv64/CO5OHKdTyQ6EMVykmzoBDbrFN/rug52/xgukSf0RJBQEYlIfjNXCtnh/JFKWeo0uJDuQWINAVPNxE3Z+JerCPQi93o73Ki8H0osjCObYUsnYEKiPN2J9/ixUmmGGxr2PV30gTISvQhAI+jjM/CpStd36mvv4FOfnlSsP5BbPQE5PDgIxX65D+2h8p+tj4aq7otTodLyfWFJ30RR9zV2DQMw4glTB3h/Uo8oziFLV6ydmvZviQCBmC3R5H8sj8dDa3cpwG5RukxMAROzDyq3N6EAgJsu9s/XALc5Fl6VeT8D8iicrV/XCccwuVukdKQjEZD4Yq4Rt8a6uP4+8W6B0OQEf6tFUL9ogzoIUxHBoCoEokW7GzsDf/3i2+24rQQuQnB2si4VJfC5xH8BN9ul6/+4CRDztwH9C+po7u60tuxqBmMwH+A6sPn0w/DJT3AG5c0L+Md6xN3i9DfbvCMQ8ueBjV8AbndNnQ6/8CyDjhyJ9rfieseQrRiAmSpYXvs3NMBDrenx1Gn7K+UtZivc1p/EFs5wIxDQ65DR7N3QNa+Zj3DsUoxLQVAfSFjC+ZxsCMUmuOFvB27QYJdz/brz+nY8fXxL2yZVas+J9rdJZ+m3nqTOAQMyRM4x1Sxg99PDDnbcSOX6YAQgp6khL6ygiCMQMsUrxIarwbo4a13i/ioehJ/CTvRreB8Ek1Mc96OnV5P2lyBb3KUrXrAkFUqB+XyvDog0m8VEF7yNYwz1Yw4RYJyidTugNfK9Wonhfa25xYNEGswA5xaCv71rECcKRkWCNBrHDfT6xn39PO6d4X+voKMcjt2ZJJmx9hkcPBA89vMHkkyhUvX3SgDjqcA1ijuHjsQu2wc1BY3L1LnyCkKxSOpHoRrq1AcX7WkYOAjGFjyF2DXT77qbQ8XwzXODHv8GHj7fk5AHJGvZcxeLVZvABe/7jpdjdPhp+Nz4tplcLiR/DLmn1ive1wnRR1QQX6Yr7uAnrwzIYdfrcPz0veBzLCfR85YEUd/U24wN0TOAjANmgmF/1W0JvxOZd+tuXY9m/m3vVpvoiPca9bwhEQoZgfUwuRa5dra/wtfnCB6uMX1uJvpbdhECUT63zPGBr/bsbr4zaDJR+tMr5tZXoawHfmaZWHgSickrgmhoVy/OlvtA7URxu5RgPR9VluRTvayyYnxbplenO3efq2KrSnW3nEYi89UdVHRyOZ0vGvY/JcNsblP5+rC1qWpn5/jEut59POe0ILduze3KaewsRiDQfpcxXAdNUY/DOYOThBplrfAA53t8uEOg0H5CeUv5XcVVw9ptWj1MsmT6eMvYeqC1RmHr2YZ8lfPWKTHEfLom/vBp9raI24OWJ/MBmF6dDTrcbb0qHq3xtQ50IRJ6PbwQMyMhoVNPb4vLuFjnpQBbz0ux5zJEetSBkYkaVHyzj8MLZ0lub/ipEJzU1tQCBAPp4xew7BBBI1LsJetzzK3MAyXia6cgqaG/aB8iw8xYhTSw4hJwx1vMIBCz57PD1mBILZOWjuDl47LV9XF6v6jcK0+pIWgrpLd5ninVKVHNIYXU4gsjIxZ7HRA6QqQSW9jkIiKapDiSvjhTXkhTnPov0gLOMkCJ7J65B4OdX/E8mkQSE0rcQbdvUBzL8nTzt2XnRE/UjcZn3puMyqbpGSJmv62/utle4SAdP5jXg6u3RQKbjfvjgoYG4FAdy1U0GWhw1P213FzcK3Xx6lSGmV8NO3028iiXBB7NnyQKyRekUyPaSTvWBmPLKQvLHxX00ESlArMuiNvUyAQKSiUAwsftogPcRAjJjnP3YgGnytqZZEQjmKD6KiAwgmR+CZ6OsCASBqJsiGT4EkC1xefcJXJMVCARzlOTDF6gmFg5EjB4TgNeWyzSNIBBMbPOrMkkN39f/oPQ30MNRqdoV5ftab/fQTR4EooqPrnY5QiwCyDTs4UETAMlnxRkiCESN2LqYs1pO03McCPDu3Vtavup9Lc+DUyyVfGQzZ62cprd+6H+sQP+61dXKA8HSo+jDyPQP/R+43v0l3acRiFI+cqS0bPX7135EHvSMQCL/Z1rasrt4EIgCqcuT5MO/SimVAMRVck71vlbqbDklgkBUSK4MH9b11+J4lAwgA1q36n3NEeMtKQRyXOlclNNuprh7Tlf9rj4JQLwB1ftaegoCUcNHi0PG5d23wcq7035C+nANskc8DbcRiAo+XjCHW0K7G5HNVwhkr5x1OG7U8CAQuT6G5fgga/T1VysC2T9aKAhEZm7L8uGn9EP4tQQgJYGmZOtrCOSYfFRL8hE5OygBSJYWQCCY/xtbthwfojjDHSIRSJ3iQNIGSFooCESqkM/wbVr9y9zHFJEL5LzSfc1jI55QEIisVHhlPJ9mZcG4ORhdHU4CkBTNg1MszIEpa2dV4I3OLBs65lejt7fPwQO5bgognak8CESaj7RC6EaNwtTrM/9ztlYCkFztm+p9raI0zy6CQOQMyNxHL3irq3zwuPPLTyUAWdR2VO9rpcVNTk++bweBSPHRIcMHWaDbe/xUApCr2mPV+5rPLZ4E/a0FgUiIlY8fV+Fb/UTpV1WAlKve1xyXia+XNDsQiIyU58H7INt079LUEoD0qg/khpsMDxGvD4HImWPBN7k8T+lbogaQQk35rSb3vMTtdNq9CAQ6FxoKpEzrxO52ogyQIjP0tctNuQSBQPvoYR3gdwjHP30S29v9+wCZhf4+zTmfk62vIZDE5GINy8sFb1UcPd+39q4EIKr3NW8kCOQE+CBT9MnGBEEgh016JAgEMvXch4T9iRzIAU/mlACk80InTrEwv6ZBjg/lgORoOQgE82vOtUvxoR6QfOWBdF0Sf3dj4Ti4uEjwGc8SMn8QkE1cg+yR4FD/OQ+BQGWgZkda2wgk5jiN4tUpTgQC5eMG81UgENP0tRrjCSZnsOwPoI86gkCCKfyeonpfa7Wf8niuHf6ZkQjExD4OBnIXHkiTVqh8X2vtcORlHL4mEwKJJ+fk+jgQiEWXAaQ32foaAokn3cyXRdQEsqnr+kvo71OOQDDRsV6R6mN/IHOchz5mgf4+j7WrCAQTnl/ZpH+FPYFYRh8OCh+b8N/nu7aIQDDBlBS32FQE0nhfN3hYJHyfHS0XgWCCPtpYeoGCQCxjXMfgw0dSvs97Dc+DYIwUcB/N/2XvzL+aSLow3JXuhk4nEFaREBJ2EJXFhCAgi4h8AZHVQNgngrLJriLgyuLCzJm/+esqkM2QDkygbyX3/YEzZvqc3FO8D123lnsBTLHWz/MxJkn+NZNB8eSQ56C91nEiBOTa+fAI8AAJaq8Pv3HxlBEvaK/ZToSAxAEf5wCZn2XJedC4eJwkD6dYKEHotjyGwIewcwYQlpwvmQyMJ0CKERCUpvw8ARogphFJGusZNTSedtIH3mvdAw+fakJArk2PVsCEchqQSe31YTI4npqCO9C99lJtst4qTEpFQK6Nj+Sk2wABGZqVpDqcrejKVylYMsXX2QjItfGhPC4BBwhd3YV2/QOm1yyP6KXCBLxReE3KdCmFYPg4BoSu7kpDk0aHI7aliNC95toXcl8K+dijMB74+A1I0ODV3d9KIcQM3WsPA4LDvpqMSfr1zK80PooFYIBsDGl4rEEIp42QdOheqy0RxPZbHRUIyHXovg0UHxogu4KwRPkYBRFPilmMNa8hIJcjBBQfFJCNtX5JmkevRSqV7dTUYo/C6MsbABeSBsgITc/xj3HEUhggJVj2J/p8uJRKgICMS1IvlP2PxPoa4F5zOlWH0+kM3MpFQKKsBLvi64MWlCxrCcgwmHCKSTtwryUnK67k5OTCxW4EJOb5GB1e+5eu726AiaiEBMB7zVZxuecRkIj03K7kAuOjbpyd3oWUoOcRJw9eE0UEJMrq1PioBRZTUJL8/w70mACF9IhUwvfaZ5/V6jtAQKKrMjc0PjRAxrUcZBdSSJmkDLzXApaB5oIBSwABia7M4CIalvzQAPGScvBeS/5Mf+ZgC7bo6faLWohhzcEDJIHkgPealZX68+I+SPT4sCurEOPyS34RGCD75DN4r/kc9KfDh4BESSt25dldeGEF+yVpSQNkBtRYkb/Be61eXWxwLGL7g6j9zpOUZ53wwqIHTKRRaIDkkwL4XmtscbtbVgQEJDqjCZOPOQ2PzQ0BGiAZpDnmvIaAhJOYqzyBNz6jfunw/jk0QLJIDXiv4WneqCrzIbjh6Zll0yv6n+nQcpCXK+C9hqd5o6f7AGPqoW8P6c3h/jk0QOB7DU/zRlHd9mZwMdG+USfXBxGQywpP80aRjyTlhQgqoo3epU1JGjk5vQsNEJEDr+Fp3igp36K03gEVEWurJo2d+gQaIAeO/ZjzGgJyIR82WDkIbRzlH1mbBAxIOUlAQOJD1eD4MP1x9WPm6zIwQNo6zQhIfKhUedEFKJzRnp45Seo9O+GXNU2lo9cwaAOUHgDFB8s+xs9++FGWF7Zm0GuX0dNE4bMZAfmv2k+BFQ9tbDDe7+85++m0vCMCG7isrPuwvaYWH+2kIyD/QRmWFkgTl9Hx0JVFZXkL2sg5yF3YXvOl5iiVn5kQkKvzoSy2QQmmLhgc014f30L8ryn5J7CREwm5A9tr+c/satKhEJCr8mFVmoDwYZr9xJIPf8jCPiF6pBssneLukM5i4RTrytNoMHz0+g9T83F/6MI+8ADpIkQE7zWPiIDEBB8mRkeYnjg753ukG65O4uDAa3cDq6uBTgTkaqqxNsGoX1L3RpJ6g2GKJu4Bu4+uqY88gO+1xiTX01sueyMCcjV1g+AjSK/U+sM8sPtFluUiYGNXHL7yKAyvtaamaNlSaisCcoX5lRdGHBusqOjmxTXbUz7QXXRoKYjgCV95FEjZH3Zc7DlemLrK9MrlgRAH2zefvbhm+/o0xeP9HrgB1CmsCMNr9iz2u8Yut1fgQ3lq/PzKNPnm5MZgaFE+posAjmBC+MKKMLyW5rqXl/fSlYaAXFLNGh8pBscw33+4tDsX7qGiHfkDzCOKOnXjYHjNnGZVVWuHGQG5JB+q8XwsHW58bIZvGDUhLwAdwxXykgevde3fvsRJVASEKUNVHhrMx+iwNrmaG9Zph1M0KMvLQAfRm5MVe15DQJgq3AbzYWLFfHp1n6PrV9OcDjICwrE6jeWjjp25mtXpdm76RRP07yICgkHfpAqcxn5/8E2/hke//oO7dH13l9txRkD4VL2q1BgawJzuyhXTT/r6eAWYj6z2fAQkJvkw+ILUmjQ7H9R5Rhzcoa+Pt6DfxKSaA695yxwNmk5/VJlsdZ+EXq3mIiAnumc0H8FeSRrSw+MrpUMehF2iIbH4DnxAylR7rib3GQuUJ6RZfp+i6Hy8iICc4SPVQNsNbbKtwW86fLzV6NjZKuJ8rGH0KPzzxPGzUu1HYdXRvx5mZyMgx0owlo9JtjX4Zi58L+fdBXo0UeR+sEF4zZJ5/hMzazeVdnS+N8edgoCckmPVOONtjI1LUm+vztagQE+2wyvQEEKNGbXwAVn940BliULXFhyFhxmK3SscA2JOTEzMi2dAREG34PK16dsIO9Suv7i7RY/ucvH6KCOZ8AF5YE8NODWFBiTdrfFzDEi2QhW/gBzYjKpObWI9BiXJP6SzNShu0/R8j4/xrCQeDnKQI4WeYt1VVFVVFDUD3yDabFNRAgbxMcbafMzr0FG0xZZ25b84qZ8YICXwAQmhU0m6uK+ptHD/PuYglI9SQ2Yuw2P0ysewSeexn8uMjoWPE7yM6APSxwUg4rlfO13m7bB4hKqWo5kVJulG8mFiuYfexiAtyiDLU3/xdLDEQTo5AOSzz2r1HZydGyZb3dqkKtWGgByr3Bg+vs3OzmqTq7nJ8I9N/KCpx7td49YQrvKHmZAu+IAELAPNBQOWiCfXcQpIol1JM8B7PYepufYaCes0dulc/sXZmJoJSeEgSWe3HnOSEZDwup1txN/mEUkamtfJzdfZqav3g+u8DekdncKKQKqasKVoL1Y1Cac+Y752o/9si8HQGqRvjxkOR7VCp7AiDK/5WJAOHwJyscos1YZ871IkybnwQX6/x+Wpq2LSzoHX6tXFBsci2/pAQEKrUlGqbvo764Jj0idJ+jQqRADIdz7HNU+nbhwQrzW2uN0tKwICEoaPgZvOP1gTnD+6cMYYIJmkMga9FneAOA3gQxiSpPFPw5OjQkSAfOFzZB+V3YPuNe37E4+EgFzIR9WN87ExLm1G/PA0r4Bw4DW1T6CHrVRVURGQkBJv3TwfQ7QkwxICAsBrGSlCxpEQkNAy/3Pj7w+af8zWISCQOkyJHgQkhLKM2BzskaRvk5d4flre5nR0Kxs58NphG+hanGKFULsBx6+C9OSuSYgHQPSKmkBq4umxICAh+FCyb/xL+yMqKHo6S+IWkApPJ3ivdXSorzs6OtKePUFAzuuBohDBAEDCtMIJKZlXQHjwms2mPLHZbIuvvQjIn3w0CEYA0hP5y2N9YmKbkwIN3CbpqYkcBn0zfDgE2ICIU/Kh0vkc4u7uLg681skqr9TiRuE53VMN4eMSgKSzC7ZT71/xWgBL78YtDK81sfMwZU0IyDklCLAB+anhscxzcbh0Qto48FoSM0JCEgJySs48w77aHyEgMxofH/nOMEiDyIHXLPv05z5emDo1t89WHt83DpDIFrF+Aa/cri/d6yAwvGZj/W1LWxGQU3wYVf8qUkDE3e0psJ0HI5VH7zoIDK9VW1sJabVWIyC/zVdlJB+RACJus7Wrac4H2kvKuPDaSovPvRrxNkjMA0L5MLLDmg4gvwanDxd3F97NcD7S/yM5sei1WAckYCwfYQEp2vtxtPPxNgZGupH8zYnX2vDC1KnUsdDYDp0XAjLz49Vh4d3t9ZmYGOl8Us+D17pK7ezKFALy+8+FABCQmS/fGR07H/diZqAzSDMPXistrLfmOFz/ICBa/jFwYHgMoQH5SOl4/25bjKHRziI1PHjNlUGbTB3gTrrGR4eiZkIDZGthamqBtlT7MCjG1nA3kwwevGbxCK5u4RHeBxHENEUpEyABIk7sfT3KyqdmYm68s5zdPHjNlyG8GBCcrrgHBAYfwvhxLcXdoyWr7xMTE+uiEIeCUd3dKWRYraoz3gGhfJQLkABh/XCm3v4S4lZgvOapvy3EOyAFMPg4AaRIo+OLENeC4LUUm5dTqqOeoYPg4xgQehsqPabtX15ewYPX7AiI5kYzmFAYILtsy3w6pvkQG0giD17rqEJAxNdNZlCAsONWy7GdmIsebzoPXktLctO6Jh1xDIi4qqhZMELp7acdQcQdeXnwR1wuXMHzmu1I8QvI/9k797emkS6OJ22i4abcurKAClpcRRRvgPWFVVdFd1el9KF0e6NU4IUWXmALWG5dRFRk3T/6zaRFXGybpE0yU/L9Po/+QKaZw8N8OnNm5pxD+PiHBUM8XqXoQZr4524OYmGsuZwVSbXRfHxhwZCYUhEkEObc8grr5E8fp1+fqoCxRhKP3u+yMyBNDVL1GxYMich0RANp58EauVdy8qcHl2q8FAtjjSQerXHZGZD+muoeBswI+2U+Qo7P2WiodRv4Hy38XwCkEtTJAB+eEFldBd3ZO+3Tn+zggaiHg7CyxKoZtC0gTS427CAZ3Rc8O6Te+eqETXav1G+7MzGD/PzsWfX/nsmyIyD1j+qWWbDDERWicY4jEYP2uXmlWvyAibHW8FU2BKT+vqS9/LWpDoggkHKdM+Kkjc4+3vBDJ3KsnRxAGOHDkVyIChlOAWTNPnxw3Xw/AAEfqkoqpx8L9gPkAt8BQBjn4yFtIzyLCeX0I6mU7By3FSDt/E0AwrBenq2lzYcjpcwe3sOKhLYCpF41tzsAoasbtykbkCY3rzKJxa8VO20FiHpudwBCT1UsXC4Zkfn4V7lnWwGintsdgNDj4wc65dW+c8/TnG0BuXLhKgBhl4/aPvpm7Apz3DFAVjkIgIAPxQMZSWQ3dwEIAGGODwbiB+dkD2QDgAAQ1uRkgw9yPriQtDEgt68OARAmdbWGNh+L0WhUOO6hcyRDtY0A0XBXEYDQURe1nsOpVMqfEbL6vpitrQAZ7R8AIMzpaeMovc7DXuFQ3njMweUBZB9+BwChyceY9ITahXJyLijMRSKBWKxACwACQKjq5ZhU00ypb8ciuZW4W7SNrQAZaqkCIOzxQef+VWwxRbzyXZVmdgLEyfPXAAj4kJVO5ByPJAdAjv4aPN8EQJjSIzp8OAIEjmhixKHa0k6ADPB34IOwJdeLTir9JvLt6ObVOxsB0sFfACAsLXnlf5SqbSSEhMaW720EiIa8igDEOl0boxc9mBIi2hheF8UPtgHkI98GQNix+Rep9QbbgEy8JTkV7ZPT/TXfA0CYMfmJVPeaVucOQQhoxEOctQ0fXDP/EIAwxMcQNT4C6ucf3DShY/LAThVz+vhzAAR8kLBBQVBpskemjzWb1ZPScpkXgFiiOzT5iAkqm7z120v2cj5y6uGHAAgbamqkx4dDhY+Vt7YpB3JM3fwrAMKCtfVUu/cKxbaw3PNKMdvPdqxH2HanA4DQ1827jygS4vEWdkAmdvaVtdX4HgcBEGp8SK2DdLqORyLKJcW8O1g770TRrmsrAMKOBmQ+PtLoeDcUyl7g9ee9wevMwrE9idkDgNDk4zwlPhwKHKFEwpv/+bgorn6299zRdfUSAGGAj+dUeg7LrnkgWPCxc16ct/vcoOmuIgAxVc21ra9o9OuQXfNM4cezpJKt7ddWN/pdAIS2zp2iwkfosGBUPm2uK3We4V7AB6Gr0X4q3e5G/UpwbYHowc1tgsf8PvauAAhlPl5ctJ4QTyqXE85TaHVF6qBPrmDgc9xgyygAoaeuFxIFQJRynIFgsGDw+QTOBQ/1gO8EIDbjg/MKvqKZGVZWxSmgkdUXLXcVAYhJfFymwocMyEbhh851sr5aAhpZdfOnAAhFPlw0Ok4UA2RN2b3aARpZ9fKDAISSbt6lwodHdkFCBZ/ukIBabF591TDfBUCoEULjfuKIUDD0Y3N7ncTUHgCLowVnO38dgNDQlTYavTq85HTQnyc5w8H4eDYmStwCFkeq4vkqAEJBHY+lbou7XExkotmaH/meZu+1r+7sbGJ99Y2u8+1OAEKFjzMWr68OM1Mn4vmeToji9urqLIg4PtHzf3AAhAof9yxeXMlsRBbj4bwPJ6bk2eMzcPhe2i7zAhBjdc96PkhMbYF6UVvTU0pILZZWedTC/wVALDfsjPS4w9Ieg8Q19xV4qCSDm2kCDPnUyT8AIJar3WI+uBSJOc9/uWRvnkQNuoFCAUDuPAQgFEyz2P/wCal44fnjPXzzInICEEs1eN9iq9JKTh9vgacHojiN1dVJ/jKuMKNdZ6QGS72PBWVvN1qooPOODZOJAhB2jXZdlC5fsa673NmHv3BZgw/iOwzvIur5exSAWMtHl1WdxUIbhI5ILM0VDv7YF7dBQREN8wDkhPIRVCaPonTIegtAiqq/pQqAWCXneemFFXyEU6FQyCfTkQrEVJrKLsgMKIAPwog+nrWCj3Tu0hXJtlts9nC63dP2qqZmQ0B6z9TezRUAejDWWvOkj12j6zmNe+plisR7bCzKChdtNrs1hcvtqrq+fK+iAemp7j7VWJP9HRqHX/ffql5m1ehTj5utmD1C5EZ7Sq3ZwfhSLms79niLz/l8W0UD8vtP8n+Xbx394MV/GDX6VKv0xIL5QwkXVKtV27SlsPF2yw08VKTxKhargFRVk8zbjb8cLasv9uaenD59uoMho1+1SucHLOhnV/CNpFXarBA6tj/B99Cgc3xfJQNyRSJJvdovf/3BcF1u1/pHiYgZo59bwkc6uesrnGw3pw/jhI8PGPuapC1tXMUA8qbmsKQ1WzPIx1bprul8OMLK1tVG8dVVtpoaRr5GtfEfKxmQY0usntqHbBr9pwV8KIXOo3O+eNE2kyTufAuhUVqlLStWhTjpb2ovMWp01a2bFvTiLRgS9VVr2LfSpzvabpowvc37a8097tYjmY/q3q6urt+YM/qeVd/XXpXl1ewecc8nMOp1fLNpS/rD+EFhM8c1nOW4s4pf3sCa0ct1P1lEyGJxQPaVvV2UNNCjAb6dq2xAmDd6r6EK2wAAGSZJREFUuU76/Ya5XcS9Xm9qY2HBVyShqCxSEuf9Gga9rtmfvwBATNWQzMdvpr095o3kipznUl4VaNfknp39LIqfMOJ1SutBOgApnY8nJhnhSc5lDsFYWFiYW/R6k/mOCJ2b41MicoqWJq0H6QCEMT4cI4tZNDIJWcFiTcfFQ83UY8TrBWS4D4CYqAfVJvDhjSRSSo5df4LcKnEUbz2hXCtxu5tw9lGSnADETPUZbkE8mltWbSS1NN9BNQPb+LuVZvTrDjPeGpCXValIJOBRa3gwOTMzM0+K1WL4AhAGje6se2xw+hJPMDiSjGb3ch2qXsp0zvPA/FGGuv++BkBM4qNGOmvs+UdCZS/3mJbE7cnJtX0khStD9VoP0gEIbT4cMaUylM83NxfTCgjmjnLV5GqBk26KbtdIYy+NfGFMKFy+IO+fdgeLK/ggzBrdaTQfpLxHKK6j/TSuXQEQdo3uumwwH5x6pOC/JxBRXNrHsC1XHUNdAMQcQp4aur7a9WvIVPKt3Aj7MEJaI9IBiB41/2Po6zwhv7J55dHzoVlRrMf4LluX+NsAxHA+aqVzxr0tHcqmZ0+EOZ2AYH+3fP3FtwAQ4/n42cD1VYDQMeLR+zEAYoh6eRcAMXjVKvNRZeD7EoIQLOFjMiC4nFi+tEakAxAafDjiPn80I0Q4AEJJ9Tz/FIAYqf5a6Qej+EjnwqGSpXx4D4AYoJt8uxOAGCnnr+Xz4YkFIqmUUhtKSMXjYa5EQDC+y5bmiHQAopmQ+vI+H0tFjyLMQ6W/B4AYoed8NwAxTn3Pyp09Ilk6MtFEJBAIejgAQledfA8AMUwPa6XhMl9BTgQ3sptWjrJe5NgT32N8ly3tB+kARJ2PaulZOeurcCwWkz1yjzHWrAAQA6T9IB2AaODjfol8xBLRaDS3ZWUQHwDEmD/qcAsAMei7plQ+HCOpQ588k8mEOADClJwAxJieWkvkI6Cg4RspdTsXgNjS3608ozv/Wwof8exhR9B4e1bEeQxaAMKI0dd0tk/HghEixe8ImmLSBAApX6O9PQDEAPW0LuvyyQPCN2eBDg6AsCoX3wtADOCjWmrUu6yKZhZITt1A2iyjAIgBejroAiBG8NGgJ/RiRBD8QdOtAiDwQdgw+o1OPrikeiFBAIKxdlKM/lIt/anvXnlSmDPbqE/j46I4hUFbrlqGTgOQ8uQc08sHt2s2IM53SkredQzwcqU94BaAFNKNP/TGJZkOyB6phL76ASHpZUt7wC0AyavlUoL2TAdkBSmxjJGOgFsAkk9t0o8lfMqrL0Ui/HNqGtAecAtA8vIhlVIA3VxAmtyba/DPjdGgjnNCAPKdukvjw0RAnFvTbxX/fAmD2whpLgENQPLz0VhS3hCzAPm0dFjM9t0OBrcRuq21BDQA+V5XdfMR21UUEIQN49dVe1PvFTa2t/bgoBulPv4cACkdEB18eGKxmP/ogmLKIBsO1ta2p5aWlqb+z965ODWR5HF8hiEwCVkcCMpFwkveyhshYthFNKJGFESJsiI+CAKS5aVBCHBBiRhcb+9qq66su/tnr3uSwCSZkAmbDGTm+6kyRX7E/DpDf9LdM9PdkZbDj/1AMkor+xCCnLz9VerHx9fjETHmRcanMjE1itsyxLK7J6BKZ7gXzT6AICfijeLrR/1L0WWuXngzdGM7dxAKeBbDVmy43YFQKDRdb8Eyipmniq2BICehg69UNEUqb2wqLMdmBqfTBqJNxowfo42swjlYFwQ5yRcLzz9W8oX9TtzZ48VSf+ZS1wfF87jL67MhjslDHc4qxuZhCwQ5kR+dCvyYFBfXXVvKVDWun9teD1/l2EJ3Smfj3ZwqtEI/psJLT2es6fBFOlafX6FjBUHOcKGblfnBbGZCjz337vryDCUshx8nciHIGS/0+Wqroh6ON3/sr9rhX5Sexl0+wP3r6tLVUQtB0seubATwlwTh/IFAeNaTJxg4ODiYnp6eQ4VVm0G2DIKkx/Cg4pd68z+daKxx4FmPjMUNhvVdjDdOEdeAHYKkRTdv6lP62vmTCDI9c9ij8ng8e6ijGIPkUqFtPO9glAuiaGvB0D4hSPn61bcdVsPv94cw3oAguVZo4oeNyawgc+64G6oMs7jGcVYQyn7mIIhyHMr9GFtYmEixOS0nhAIBcQLHxsbGrsj29vaHLdTLM0N7OhNuIcggz3crfGnkBqyXyV/x3vM5Og7HhY2zSho73EIQ8pVfotCPSSrH1JT8Pe150z6fb3YmOg534yzV2SWtCbc6F4TjFG41NBrepjZp43EQHWv45uDGGac2nQm3+haEsyraPSpvLDz3YyHJ/YmWD+KkWLfbHZzGWPzMk9aEW10Lwll5XsluwOLEwbWpBD24vX33bnRi7FfUvBzhOlsLQRT50cnzqYdrrz8t0LFHYuPB+SRncf1oOXKGCvYOBMmEH3n9Y97N8LTz2O1wLBZ/MOihXizOvPJthabroUcOUcVehSAK/Hgs70fe5NOpqfH5+Ymd6Fol3s3YKx/B6KlcQyj8TpgBmEtwNrYdgqSmz8zLrj+5JNlnMH9nYWks4bSueDvu7rYbU8dzkhGWFSCIkpMZHclG5Gtra1OfPr1+3i+/0eCGIYh71HOXBnaYgSCpmtkGuWj/07W1+fyU8z08BqwAmsP0sc0QJJUfpdV98o0HYaIfgmiZ882XIEgqP3j+m0ycns59OppqA2fOYMCthzpCf4JQPy4zsoKkXgdu7hW96oFqA0E0W2iuKYkfeUoEoXOfPJj1BEE0W2jqh/zdnKkFeU+36lg+QKXJZSo6aiDIMbT0JPGD+ZhckL19n8+9LK658BkTPXKbYbYBghxHe7KTGHKCfFgnLB8tubDum0YVy23sAwIESdq/Ou5G50RBLIdTyxdn3LPuoB/rkWAMouVCc6vH3Z5IBJFcAuHqQ+I0Dz9diwTdKgiig0ITP0y/J/91v0SQve3IuqBQQ2M0lvVBEHksJbzpzTH6PMrPb5z2B3wbnugSiG5cEdQctWwrBEnqR/Jjs/fK8Dk///PRFKiNA8zy0CLlbC8EkW0gjvWD8RkMf+bnLy7OrHs8H7b8ZDiOWR6aJM0JtzpqQWwm+cUsuFBgY3d32eAJxM8cBBqkgv0CQeQpSHTjwOfzLUf6VPvPIYgOSHPCrU4EEWxyr5+LuuHZ3t/fskAQHcDZWDsESfDjGn9OZsTtp1NnZ2dn6eU/MuIggmDcoXXSnXCrC0GIHya5+0v8hnXpUwiiA66yzxgIkuiH7A5SWzGC5BFBUIG0zs/sdwgS58ftJH4QQTxxLQgqkNbpTfcyiPYFecubk+xAGCfISwiifSrYFQgSy5fqZN8ZAQiiN7hhthGCxOFklAgyuvkifwc1SOMI1zsECHKE8Ybsjtic8D4YDPoMho2j2CZd8Qc1COhJEOMF/mLsC7nQlmfx6JZE99FvvPkLY89RHYCOBCF+mMvntgKBjUMWj/Yr393dDUqWJznR/ucgx2jjIMiRH7/w5v9txO/HTMx4vzeXeCu7wv3PQU7TbBuAINGx+U3e9EOcFeih91pFCNQzsjeyPx+HINrHMsy6IEik/fgh+rEcTLWM1cfXk6PvfiVD9FFUIM3DPUIXSzwOlnqDoe5HMJBqGZLnT+eje4GM96P+AH0IIohzymdSbXDTPxbeLefFxPi49yWqgg4aEAgiMm0orjRsH9dwjI4uLHjDux1MvUbF0QlC1aARgpBBuL+YLyqQ/92Ud358fCLarZr49SmqjX64w1Zp6DRvR7G5pyvyc1mPubhZcaFHbvHmrsQO1eToqPdw90HSqZpC26EzWtly7XSxWk2XC0qLwvOHB4pKCy5L11w4ttBt53jzn2JH6qUIEWN0bGktui/nu3ejo5PigBzTo/RFjSPNdavPtCD3m8hDXaf48+M68vD2lrJC20n78e8/vF7vxA5BdGJHfNghY/HNl0aKQMZrRiNpbgWjBBJlwlGnBNprNTrlo5a4qDMatcREORol724ZkUKjI7Qk8VFhhLw71yaFJmqj7x4TJf9ZaBGjLRJoopY2Gi2UQN+ysIW2r9Kok0YLSU6nNDpCD3FCtE2MkpIYXRLoH6LFJchGSU7hihTylm1X5KIj7aQklnYpJJGzneTk7FJIIqedfoyYKHlLo53mbJdGyVsK9iskekV8en6YbeU0I4hRnCRbelN8crOUPFwyCeHfkL9VTfJCW/7gzasswcparVbHv3Z2/sk6xuc3/0MCrPiPMEgOM8tydJUkCXTZLAdbSGfVSKCb7TyjXz1l0ijdIreDPU+nqEnoJtG/03VlCqTRcKKHdL6nFDFRGcM8iomKicLlkyAmCpdPgpgoXD4JYqJw+SSIicLlk6CvA9FsZDQjSCNP1/ey1YlPhmzkoZYPt49WnpK80P+4tipXL77pr140OyTQRA66AfI3aZQmcjho+aRRmsjmoOWzSaDbqlTZSPm6pFExEb2B42dplE78/m67Q8onjdpIoks2Ur6amChpEMptpHz2mKiYqJeUr1sKSbTSTTvbMVGSqK+bzqWtkkZpom46dL0sPh0edDJaFYRWvK6IIClaEKbwv0bhCAu9uZ02PYKQECV/LktclBGjXHzUYqFRi5TDaAyMGIiPcieJYsyQC2dMz2AXK2fPTQMIks1BetMtBoIACCI5zXuv6CrTeYOe5r2XxmleAHQgiHihkIzcSs4x6V4oBEAHgmiu0ACCoNAAgqDQAIKg0ABAEAAgCAAQBADUNQgCUNcgCEBdgyAAdQ2FBhAEhQYQBIUGEASFBgCCAABBAIAgAKCuQRCAugZBAOoaBAGoayg0gCCnjYuvKQRADWp4V+4JUsMDoBY1uScIV+M6xvgatb9iNJ5Q30fUVcOhz4iEOKIYVCEhPiAEwZ8THxCCHIvRakRCfMCznRAAAAAAAAAAAAB6hm5J1RX5OX5LqmwnvP7kYtGtXhU/IMN0mSrVPKLGzmLz0GUVE36vNF8ssWc1XdmFav4So2aVOU3opoalRVfFnweKSmM3Ncx2wtLhh32dphXV8jGMa+i3ShWPKHPhfvnAw1r1EnaZqga67l7Iar7ezuuHgqhSZU6VhG1x395SL6HIXYeK+a5ZrZUqHtHen+zq/gmHh8hDVXW2Ux4KokqVOU2O31g92wkpXHWHevkqeoRsCxKTsOlJZ/XQY6d6CWvNvVzDzbeqCaJGlTlVGnna/tvqxCdDNnqI+QbVEorfeT89Ui1f38U+JtuCxCT8zfzLw97iVfUSMteLTPwFQTVB1KgyZ0iQbtqLVVeQN0Xlqn1ASw8ZTqoqyBOzi9RZ3qlawgfVw3/rvbuqniAqVBldd7FazYPqfcArvMlk4nlTmWofsIQOCQr4PtUS3ritSoXVTxcrcZDepOYg/Y35koofkPtCaKr70qbaB2w2t9D641Qt4e1rYpenUdVBepOGB+niOcJ7RVeZzhv0nN09dU7zRhO+MXU0NDS4VMtHsVaqeERbqm8/KBtaVS9hhanjfFfP/azma1lZ4Z+tqFhlThd6lYn0OUr+397ZPaWtvHF8O8zQkN0EeVWCEJWhiBXBFyJjEUHEA1KZYeTC6154xwz+A73jpu0ffXY32QCKp+38eurvlO9nOh0iS1jg+WRfsk8SJr/xRKH3hmGZvBz5fR/wdwiy8IbBEbN7V7/xDbNdZjf/3QYk7v1qvy9kAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPifiWvvv1fksKu/kHIkzjJGljxnZp/8wS8UjuIrB/8/RORZ3sTyJ2WwhvLfvapyv7n1/mVBbt5DEPCfFaSR58TEw9ByQX4AK/3SMy+tU/lxQWIB/EjgFQVxAzNc6FmX5L5L7UJR9JkumTE+kK1LXXaxzrrMvBeBvflIbbWUKBS1WHtA6qKYq4j5oUZtEfsnSUpr+VkXK3DUYvYmfxv+3CmLz/YzDTPjoegWKjWpdS8ECd3ZtB8nJG1c5PR6vE+N9gl+KvCagtA7J0iy8Xo8x2N4wgobf5WHN+0H3rgIQc71D06acQlMo5w40oPua6N29TZinMbyRjbvri806ZGT1ddJ4PjyfHAcnglyZ6QTh3vkq8GbqawZ8Pfz0e5M42bELVSw16dJygVptg8T18whab297dwYd4lgGoKA1xFEp5R2SNjvCu1bhNTac90dIUhzxB/cdbkBTd4aWG4TUtK/ErJmXxNiqC6W2eD/1RpkXd8i5FYbKEHeMvdKPiFjn5DMm9l+do0SIVU9LwoV2b5oXqIkIdMzRhWS1jb4X7Q4fibwaoKMEolEnoRlCkZ8ZFOmlUgu9USQYx7TZEePEZPrQDLuZVU2NHFYTz7OCyKeyZriH8f4rAQZaHWv0RmTiXiZ2k9PrAC/4QrwQu7+MlGyr3FpqV4jaSYGIBGWzObxS4FX7WIJFU5Yb9vZEz48FUQqIQURA4xM6gcF+aIEmSpBpvpWdKQG6Xw/niCHotDEF0R3ElLbtCFfNDlq0238VOC1BTnT+QF7k/sQ8bpYo+ddrDlBSux7XaxzJcgVUxdL7KesT3OCLHSxdN7FOuBjEEfzLnvoCcJpY/IXvLogEy2b+GJzHxw+SA+Wh+ShXx8GFgfpc4J4g/SDeUGMa6esV58P0t8YnxPbQpJdZlzNCSIH6S01SDfVIN08qw+Oqq4g9cr2ybpRxk8FXlsQcm+z8RcxqxtvM2PMRWkzf5pXl8OGBUGu3GnehS5WjVpLp3k3Td0UV7wp0gKZ38/8NG+xSa1rUZO1lKlbnakrSD5pMzOFsyHgD+DZ+b9nbOnn+JoABFnO2kmtjW8JQJAXiGu5Kb4lAAAAAPw3OLXqyzs073+oQxT5yfvH1LXJbMNffbtra9mfrfjHDv1+tsk/fS71cKFK8wytd4iPlefukby6IG/1cv7jz1a8bE2fZZvMaj07T7jIXIaKKhzLrz0r5n6s3iPiY9W5Mp4uxAgtFyT0LwriryZZ+xmzL/9J6xcEWfvBY4D7sabsABGy4pxZMlb6zKqsqdSOaouF0yJ6ti+ZHS2JTI6IEfG3hklmfpsJ8saiDyHyWSxGJ52mZ8H+JTt2Bsd0PCQk8MFmGXH30EGGHe8IQW4b1GoOfUHSMnckldkztcDsLOGeTQuxa8vaVPHspnYkkhY9XncvNRz2sz9OkgbtVuv+1YflJW1T5KBpsIa6H4K2m6QpYYVbWApy1eif1uerdNZlxqiUEi/nuzX3ECErTlSsgHpHC8EdK+WldmyxqPPN4tEzpVln+zgiV4EkEv5Wo7t93mZKEFr768Kq8JZon6vD4p4guWqwfRw+nLQKhNwbn5w73SElixdt8WjMW5XgZBT2Bbla1wb5WIqOJxuzdSa0c3vBxlEnrblN3JqX2rGxO3Uq7IScPrTzp372R2M0TVzEY2ea416/PpQ18vkiSeYON8Ytr9nQrL3EibDCLSwEubkclWSjpqqU1+/r03KxWGvk89z4WgQRsuKIBbWkkuMd8zINuKkdcqsilhmK2+8d6lfEFB0OteVoA3GfGiWIwQcPu/ylBW5athXwBOFH3k/iEHyUI8QWbUC/QHZlUR6NqTH/w5bm+F2siehipXR+AJ8lg9C3hIxNvr/ckTuZMJ/a0S1ztblGfvZH982yLpYj5DoVqSJSkJ5Xwi/sZDoht9enqnSuncz3HHthRMiKMxbLmzriQClWoMvUDunMjggkJnIrtCDvYomg9LbEynVCDCVI2HvpRH+nkj14yA1E/A1lnL6Vkc1DrecWnZCGLvdUfSKIvGesnwzSFTsXzdtlz3snN7WjdJczqH7nCuJnf+zp7dTGM0EuZFVVrbRvniB+YbsT84ZFqkqxEe3sHviCVPqIkBWnWVNKTLQtN2J9QXJRkVqRCLkjcrW1Ixa2PxeEHB+di8O/PxKXweoLEh3JiHYF6cg9lZ4IkpkJ4iaDuGHqzwW7qR2F1s40kYl6gqjsD7K129GzTwXZWRRkR7UxqvCDNVWCqCoFDlNdq64EEc0iWGmuMwtdrKjcIl4XazQ/ZaW2ZBfLmXWxrtwuFim3CmOyRJC5LtaV28Wq5NYWZ7FmgiwkgzwRhMjUDnGn96LhCeJnf8jDfZdsa+pW6V/prIt19lQQtzB/eGfdurX1qySmfe178uAKcplChKw4U/1gfpDuJQc6X8UgfYMVJs5F1BPE32pkBueXc4P02yofpBPylqrO/hNBssa+U+GD9KLFi4pB+jurM0isP8aWCLKQDLIgiErtSGYmGzLxQzZIKvsjWq2f92vknZYeFmXxbW19+JEku4cbDX+QrgTxCouHPSsoa6uqNNg8P9lnVbJpOsM18pEdIkJWnfbu/DSvDMaLFruU07yDEaWZTXXSQ23lG8z8MpvmTVn0UZ4kaRqhpYIEPti6nObdzrDMmXjK6Rgs1wssEWQhGWRBEJXaUQ8zuxxWgqjsj2iLWU3eenyw1E3mCpY3zTv2p3l9QdzCsoJR26nPVSk4tliuTMhwRHnP8FMO8bHyVHO/Kp9o9Meltva/Ij5AduuX7Ob0k+78Yd/M8Bq5iOBXYRrX+BIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPjj+BswlVKAXuRgOQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Out:

    
    []
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 31.957 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_tweedie_regression_insurance_claims.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_tweedie_regression_insurance_claims.ipynb`

Â© 2007â2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/linear_model/plot_tweedie_regression_insurance_claims.html

