# Test with permutations the significance of a classification score

This example demonstrates the use of `permutation_test_score` to evaluate the
significance of a cross-valdiated score using permutations.

    
    # Authors:  Alexandre Gramfort <alexandre.gramfort@inria.fr>
    #           Lucy Liu
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    #
    # Dataset
    # -------
    #
    # We will use the :ref:`iris_dataset`, which consists of measurements taken
    # from 3 types of irises.
    
    from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    
    iris = load_iris()
    X = iris.data
    y = iris.target
    
We will also generate some random feature data (i.e., 2200 features),
uncorrelated with the class labels in the iris dataset.

    
    import numpy as np
    
    n_uncorrelated_features = 2200
    rng = np.random.RandomState(seed=0)
    # Use same number of samples as in iris and 2200 features
    X_rand = rng.normal(size=(X.shape[0], n_uncorrelated_features))
    
## Permutation test score

Next, we calculate the `permutation_test_score` using the original iris
dataset, which strongly predict the labels and the randomly generated features
and iris labels, which should have no dependency between features and labels.
We use the `SVC` classifier and Accuracy score to evaluate the model at each
round.

`permutation_test_score` generates a null distribution by calculating the
accuracy of the classifier on 1000 different permutations of the dataset,
where features remain the same but labels undergo different permutations. This
is the distribution for the null hypothesis which states there is no
dependency between the features and labels. An empirical p-value is then
calculated as the percentage of permutations for which the score obtained is
greater that the score obtained using the original data.

    
    from sklearn.svm import SVC
    from sklearn.model_selection import StratifiedKFold
    from sklearn.model_selection import permutation_test_score
    
    clf = SVC(kernel='linear', random_state=7)
    cv = StratifiedKFold(2, shuffle=True, random_state=0)
    
    score_iris, perm_scores_iris, pvalue_iris = permutation_test_score(
        clf, X, y, scoring="accuracy", cv=cv, n_permutations=1000)
    
    score_rand, perm_scores_rand, pvalue_rand = permutation_test_score(
        clf, X_rand, y, scoring="accuracy", cv=cv, n_permutations=1000)
    
### Original data

Below we plot a histogram of the permutation scores (the null distribution).
The red line indicates the score obtained by the classifier on the original
data. The score is much better than those obtained by using permuted data and
the p-value is thus very low. This indicates that there is a low likelihood
that this good score would be obtained by chance alone. It provides evidence
that the iris dataset contains real dependency between features and labels and
the classifier was able to utilize this to obtain good results.

    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    
    ax.hist(perm_scores_iris, bins=20, density=True)
    ax.axvline(score_iris, ls='--', color='r')
    score_label = (f"Score on original\ndata: {score_iris:.2f}\n"
                   f"(p-value: {pvalue_iris:.3f})")
    ax.text(0.7, 260, score_label, fontsize=12)
    ax.set_xlabel("Accuracy score")
    _ = ax.set_ylabel("Probability")
    
![plot permutation test for
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

### Random data

Below we plot the null distribution for the randomized data. The permutation
scores are similar to those obtained using the original iris dataset because
the permutation always destroys any feature label dependency present. The
score obtained on the original randomized data in this case though, is very
poor. This results in a large p-value, confirming that there was no feature
label dependency in the original data.

    
    fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    
    ax.hist(perm_scores_rand, bins=20, density=True)
    ax.set_xlim(0.13)
    ax.axvline(score_rand, ls='--', color='r')
    score_label = (f"Score on original\ndata: {score_rand:.2f}\n"
                   f"(p-value: {pvalue_rand:.3f})")
    ax.text(0.14, 125, score_label, fontsize=12)
    ax.set_xlabel("Accuracy score")
    ax.set_ylabel("Probability")
    plt.show()
    
![plot permutation test for
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

Another possible reason for obtaining a high p-value is that the classifier
was not able to use the structure in the data. In this case, the p-value would
only be low for classifiers that are able to utilize the dependency present.
In our case above, where the data is random, all classifiers would have a high
p-value as there is no structure present in the data.

Finally, note that this test has been shown to produce low p-values even if
there is only weak structure in the data 1.

References:

`1`

    
Ojala and Garriga. Permutation Tests for Studying Classifier Performance. The
Journal of Machine Learning Research (2010) vol. 11

Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 39.889 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_permutation_test_for_classification.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_permutation_test_for_classification.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/feature_selection/plot_permutation_test_for_classification.html

