# matplotlib.pyplot.streamplot

matplotlib.pyplot.streamplot(x, y, u, v, density=1, linewidth=None,
color=None, cmap=None, norm=None, arrowsize=1, arrowstyle='-|>',
minlength=0.1, transform=None, zorder=None, start_points=None, maxlength=4.0,
integration_direction='both', *, data=None)[source]

    
Draw streamlines of a vector flow.

Parameters

    
x, y1D/2D arrays

    
Evenly spaced strictly increasing arrays to make a grid. If 2D, all rows of x
must be equal and all columns of y must be equal; i.e., they must be as if
generated by `np.meshgrid(x_1d, y_1d)`.

u, v2D arrays

    
x and y-velocities. The number of rows and columns must match the length of y
and x, respectively.

densityfloat or (float, float)

    
Controls the closeness of streamlines. When `density = 1`, the domain is
divided into a 30x30 grid. density linearly scales this grid. Each cell in the
grid can have, at most, one traversing streamline. For different densities in
each direction, use a tuple (density_x, density_y).

linewidthfloat or 2D array

    
The width of the stream lines. With a 2D array the line width can be varied
across the grid. The array must have the same shape as u and v.

colorcolor or 2D array

    
The streamline color. If given an array, its values are converted to colors
using cmap and norm. The array must have the same shape as u and v.

cmap`Colormap`

    
Colormap used to plot streamlines and arrows. This is only used if color is an
array.

norm`Normalize`

    
Normalize object used to scale luminance data to 0, 1. If `None`, stretch
(min, max) to (0, 1). This is only used if color is an array.

arrowsizefloat

    
Scaling factor for the arrow size.

arrowstylestr

    
Arrow style specification. See `FancyArrowPatch`.

minlengthfloat

    
Minimum length of streamline in axes coordinates.

start_pointsNx2 array

    
Coordinates of starting points for the streamlines in data coordinates (the
same coordinates as the x and y arrays).

zorderint

    
The zorder of the stream lines and arrows. Artists with lower zorder values
are drawn first.

maxlengthfloat

    
Maximum length of streamline in axes coordinates.

integration_direction{'forward', 'backward', 'both'}, default: 'both'

    
Integrate the streamline in forward, backward or both directions.

dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, the following parameters also accept a string `s`, which is
interpreted as `data[s]` (unless this raises an exception):

x, y, u, v, start_points

Returns

    
StreamplotSet

    
Container object with attributes

  * `lines`: `LineCollection` of streamlines
  * `arrows`: `PatchCollection` containing `FancyArrowPatch` objects representing the arrows half-way along stream lines.

This container will probably change in the future to allow changes to the
colormap, alpha, etc. for both lines and arrows, but these changes should be
backward compatible.

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.streamplot.html

