# matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_title

Axes.set_title(label, fontdict=None, loc=None, pad=None, *, y=None,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Set a title for the Axes.

Set one of the three available Axes titles. The available titles are
positioned above the Axes in the center, flush with the left edge, and flush
with the right edge.

Parameters

    
labelstr

    
Text to use for the title

fontdictdict

    
A dictionary controlling the appearance of the title text, the default
fontdict is:

    
    {'fontsize': rcParams['axes.titlesize'],
     'fontweight': rcParams['axes.titleweight'],
     'color': rcParams['axes.titlecolor'],
     'verticalalignment': 'baseline',
     'horizontalalignment': loc}
    
loc{'center', 'left', 'right'}, default: `rcParams["axes.titlelocation"]`
(default: `'center'`)

    
Which title to set.

yfloat, default: `rcParams["axes.titley"]` (default: `None`)

    
Vertical Axes loation for the title (1.0 is the top). If None (the default), y
is determined automatically to avoid decorators on the Axes.

padfloat, default: `rcParams["axes.titlepad"]` (default: `6.0`)

    
The offset of the title from the top of the Axes, in points.

Returns

    
`Text`

    
The matplotlib text instance representing the title

Other Parameters

    
**kwargs`Text` properties

    
Other keyword arguments are text properties, see `Text` for a list of valid
text properties.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_title`

![Bar Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar Label Demo

![Stacked bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAB1FBMVEVHcEzm5ub/fguIiIj8/Pzz8/OLi4v/////fw4fd7Tr6+uAgIAYc7KDg4P/egT//v0ddrMUcbH/eQMXcbH/fAgadLP/ewbp6env7+//8ub/hBd7r9PK3+3/rGJVmMbo8fgnfLf/59L/gw4Qba7+/v7/nklIXm3V5vFtps7///6xz+WXwNz/+vb/xJD/0qv/kjL/jSj39/dAi8BsbW18fHwUd7z/fwY3hbz/4cZzc3P/tHH3+vz7+/ukpKTT09N3d3dnZ2fc3Nzg4N+VlZUfe7piYmG+vr5dXFypqamdnZ3+fg7/gA7Dw8OHe2f/3b/Ly8rW1tZWVlYtFgOZmJjPz8/Z2dmQkJDk5OTGxsZPTk6Ghobx8fFGRka6urru7u7RZwouLi3+/v2vr6/xdwz/sm3/m0C3Wgm1e0OEhISFhYUfeLb/1bC4uLhCeJu0tLRAHwL/zKCXe1sJFB6JRAZOk8QZd7gUU39oMwU7OzuysrEIHy8YYJMbbabmcQsNNlSnUgcfdrO2trZMJQMuRFM5UmOQvNpaaXT/wId3Owb/7d3/0ah2rNGljXThyrTm7fJGLRbbs5CLcVRRKAX/ql7R4+7I3+9noco7c5aEp72TwN/z8e9gQSQ0cDxyAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADK9JREFUeNrs3Yt32tYdB/AQENdASGovMSRdus1hJ0vzaBVpSdVJSAILQUyLMAIBAmJwkoLD6JZsCU66JM5pT9MuXdvt7Oz1z07oytRO7ATxMA//vsexboQA8+Fe6epKgiNHukGQXnNkz4ALAAIgAAIgBAABEAABEAKAAAiAAAgBQAAEwJ0JqXltv9s2kzYfTOT2mqvEZxjQVWd8uZ0zqpZr51fxdY/qGx8txew1N8l3363ZAyRKAeN3TKJEUZBiIYZP5ClBJXxC1Jidk4Uc6dNDfmMZUeKpYI4pqsZipN+luXWKltTOfY3lEUPLecRJVIcqbCxJKJQQqxpzUyghCT7ECUwlSfHh2QMM5UqMWimoDl1ohQuBdtORTtbksqx5jRvrgianfDFRciFExcW2V2gEpZZSiEisSFXa+ZjMIuQV41KoHUtSYkFzCsYjSlvhtkPaTBYc7XyZUdKajw/LYb+zVXCws7gR0RKlpvG6iTSBZFUmI2s07/cWJc5orE4OOeMqHe205LQDCQEmidJBJOSFUITyphEpB1EoLjAFMq0HqBhlNmHCWEJW2jTNazKpUU0exerxEs1wteIsrgPZLBEo5dNikJBikYKWDnrToh7Qg+GSUQV9VEVKVmWzlQstre01AGVjMYccqcnBtpo3aiCbDsdKZLriEJR0JWe8E1U5KbaNmms8SpqICOF0pcikpEpFj9dnErAoyAnUkikxLMmtKhNEZUngjDVYxqiBCUnys8gtm5tSiS9V3CmkSvImisu8L1hi0nnjhrjEMCQT9NIoKlPuzpZE5ku6Kgg5giEcPpSTqBzKSFSqnJnNfiDZWTGxxq8qizeTLtL4P2n5IqQzzU5JF5NponNziMXzvWnStb1M537GD75TMBuTSRQid80l2RG/jMntSHM+87VnKWF3r1Bv7GMSpoQU7Ikcpj0R3XE4QowKkG64D0N8/lEB+slD0UaDxZEB6lMJErITY3mvEwB3rbgDNuIIuABw96CORlZdr6dq/uwRbxAAd4+iBWwOGgHga4AXr1/t5vpX5ly1EAwWVFfQ2Nt55TXpEw6ouw4e8Ktzp7o591dzbr5ULpfK0QanSLtHeScdMNQOjwFw3tPN/LsY0F9vOH1yTm7SLEVOE+CaOo4aeKwbqwYmo5lMguZFMe9GVHCkgPEGpW7yyWkGfP/qn7q5ehGvA+PGK0tlaC7MoRwxUkBSF5p8BL9LxakEfMPxpT1WyMNvwqq/nEF0FqEYJ5EzBogOAtCZVBuI0RBS8hQBgLYBdYYk/XzU/CsaOgDaBnQZtY51TPNWOHTp9I5cwgMurpAXkcSBNOHp78ZcPnqmm6Mfm3OjyUiJTbTCDuSNaLpSRREF6ZriAsC9AL9eONrNwi1zbiy6Rak+vsGITENw8i3V54xzgo+b/F25tfA4AOe6OY4BA0yu7KYo1ErQ3kQr6y5SfmdiM0BPLuBHV+6aWfsBT+9eOkjA491YNRBJlF5o0Kp7i69kmoozERW1zJbGTC7gbfwiFlZvLprTudMHB/jp2VvdnP0Wz67FUVSN1BNsjUgqji0y4UzllWBtcgF/vWi2oBurN5c606NnegRk9YEBx92RHi9guQCAAwG22oMCOtChBtwqDboSDHh1O9HI2QJsDgxY1YN2QqLZAPzmNs5n3+PpB18fXNdxJgB/tXiyk2t3Pr9mFhb+AYD2AI+ayy/d+XwJ70GcBUAAHAbg3+0CPgTAnYBzN/CkV8C5FesO0wzoGibgnE3A7ijK1AJqTncgwtMBAOwTkPZvufypVud6rEEOax5ewBLn3qR1xWfslkZlEgBtA1JiM+FUmzmEHCJPAKBtwBRDO7IMr3XKdWjCfWyF2arxzwVb4QnpBwLgpAPi6+0AsG/AEgeAAwEWABAAAXCqAeMA2A/giW8+xSm9tAo9njuiRADQzK2FxU6uPX96zSwsfNTbHyb4AdDMx/gUrKXnT/EQ9skeAakiAALgGAFDAAg1cMyATgDcBfjiTm+A290e+ROrcBoAseDKXE+Al61uz8P7Vrfn2xEBspUKCgWnB3A7bwfE3g/vW0fur4wI0E0nCDeTAMB+AX10TPWxlHmeZx0A7QM6FJpOmFdrxotpEgBtA1ZIt5t2UJXO51nQBADaBuToDMFZBxpmcR14/+mIAaetG2MTsNvtGRNgiAxNOWD3CcYDqJsfGwuAfQNW1hwAOAhgEAChBkINnGZAYu1vANgP4IW7fzBzefUHXLhyAgDtAJ74cMHM+upfjpuFM5cA0BbgByfNqzgMQLMnf/RDAARAAARAAATAbg9ZjDQiPQC+WAfAPQHzXCYafSvg3Io1nAaAry6lUcUsPhTnCiBSdO0D2AUBwFeTygc0PKafrtC0uwqA9gAdPBU2zzZWM3TZbX4EaNUFgL0DphK5cOeLs0iBk934sCbn++mwJgC+DZBwFqjOZyWysXgpzocpHWqgPcBsTNvWqlWbvhRsRGwCitJWOfv2boxtwO1uz8wDVjKJRGr4gDfuW3sus9+NiTUSxAgAbX7wzvQChmkxHgXA/gEVWuEyADhAE27S0alswjcmZV84j7zJKQRcetjjSeYjH43JoKxziIC3j18zs3oTT5eGf60cfuDnT/H0+JgBdSbH54cGeOFC5hOcVckq/He4gCdq1uOuFaxCZKyApEIwkneINfC93+Lce4yny7/oDXBlqcca+K71BI8eWIV/jhVQyQT4+DC3wu8dM79U69m9x8ud6Tu/7A1wZf3mSo+A+Ku7lp88MJ/Ac+znYwXMurm4wz1+wN4/wdIC9GxseCYBkM3wejg2fEDPyAG3M2bAHo/KTWANBEAAfGMTfvDFBgAOUgOtdfwhAtSSEeTNE8OqgVYOEWAyziR5t48FwH6bcIxP5BAf2X2t3OgBb5jpAJqFxekFzPvqr1+tOWrAC+d/j/PlIzz9179HBLgy6ku9VKWeYWL4WzXrB9eEz//ZzPKDR8tmYf43IwJcXx8xYCzTrKai4kFvRM6/g3dtDUCz8LMRAS69uL80Vf3AiQN8CIAAOCZAPDJuAJqFkX3syYwCur77DOf7/1mF7wDQVg38zzweuH7yxBrBfh8AbQFeNJffWH7yBD/B/GwCep594RkloGfmAbdH6AGwT8DtjApw4/HjDQAcANCzbFVxAOwTcDsACIAACIB9APZ6rRwA7gnY+9WaALgPYK/XCx9ewHAtjNitPAD2C9hqUZFEjjZP9y3uAMRnnC6srpvTRQDcP7zCsCn37q+GrL78o5kf7/2ICy9ZANwn0RqiTMCdXw0ZuooH0ebvncOF678DwL3TEPLEdhP+6bBm6Oopc1f8i3v4ZKFTALhfyrWa1/XaRgQAB+zGAOBwAD3PHuMXCoB9AnrwcC4A9g3oAUAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABEAABMBhAirRCFKjCgD2C5hlNnUqRgX3PCYCgD00Ya6lupE/vPtiQwDsHTBeztYRrey+3BUAewYUJUqkczT5//bO4MVNIIrDSIwDOxvaEhZz6KGwUmjpRRwoQtSMslEhkIToTHYlAXNqoeTUS24N3e6l0FPp39vNRpc2Ze1zm24ofb+Lgt9j9PM5MzdxDrynQDkYHHWmGS4iuI1BgSgQBaJAFIgCUSAKRIEoEAWiQBSIAlEgCkSBKBAFosAHEJgJkaHAPxAYRJvfA+U566hFuq9P2zc5Ob45PHlmqlXJ3//Mtz98qea/tos83h5Ov+XVBZ+LAY5PioKnlQX5p13+Zcnnypt9C2TSZ5tfQ4aMlnle5ONlcUKrc7XLs2reux2gOF5V861ygMuywKvmrV3evr3GxL4F0pFLN7+G/OGdvtiGCE62Z2p1Sj4ewviy4BUrTn5X8KgYoB8VA1R3rGoUvBv8ypN9C5za9vCOS5EktbIe1eO7sVGvIOnX4/mC1Mx9VmFFufMBaz6fmte83W5NPlfr8Yb6EAIxf0fgsCGSlE3B/EjTBkljkoHbdXExkauLFbhJFKEtuobmQvls0ojkWzE9kEAeupLrWgzl9XCopNwPHGhB5EmuSNmDzrNmb6276nK8gn6+tqOP3PEsO5DASJCgRZZgH31GHM8kLfALt5PMi5rUagJ5/4zM7EXsQNeFTpgn1sDRhHEYgTObZD1jDRbonhHDkhP4skcjMqXEZEMgPx9nhNreec8EdmzoE7EkXSi/b4EmpVqD98IEOqUJJmhwHoOnKN/SmOMITwd/E3ZgyxzcgeSdFXhLQeMDdeD1E3K1yfkcvGWQ3Oz46Rz+ilJJlLQJvyElvZ7PmvCGOkrnKvdxG/OvbmNQIApEgSgQBaJAFIgCUSAKRIEYFIgCUeB/JvA7h10ARlBGTN4AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Stacked bar chart

![Grouped bar chart with
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Grouped bar chart with labels

![Horizontal bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Horizontal bar chart

![Errorbar
subsampling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Errorbar subsampling

![EventCollection
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

EventCollection Demo

![Fill Between and
Alpha](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Between and Alpha

![Filling the area between
lines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Filling the area between lines

![Fill Betweenx
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Betweenx Demo

![Hat
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hat graph

![Markevery
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Markevery Demo

![Psd
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Psd Demo

![Scatter
Demo2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Demo2

![Using
span_where](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using span_where

![Stackplots and
streamgraphs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stackplots and streamgraphs

![hlines and
vlines](data:image/png;base64,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)

hlines and vlines

![Contour Corner
Mask](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Corner Mask

![Contour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Demo

![Contour Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEyIiIjz8/ODg4OLi4uAgIDr6+v////8/P3m5ub+//79/v76+vv4/Pv19fX6/fs+oJvy+PhSvpn39/j2+/r8/f3k9fB/1IJXwJxew6Df8+z3+Prr9/Pv+fbv7u7b7+u2trb9/v/9/vrK5eSYmJjq8/Tu9fZMvJWvr6/y8/eGrr6ev8vGxsaqtM3////x+vF50n2zvNJGuZJDop7T4uez49KJxcKF1onL7OF4vLni6u/U1NRld6Sw5bKR1r7p6PCs4M7A6NpIpaG7u7vx8fFsfai66LtSjKPR7eTU6unm7/K909yF0be43Np6zbCLmbur4610dHS/x9nm9+f1/PVnmq7c4OrZ76DX8Ofi87X19vmL1Lvw8PV4pbfB4N+VuceCgoKazcvM3eR4eHh8fX1gcqFXj6XL7s3c9N2lw8/Y5eqn3su65dZTqqaAwL2SycdjY2O/5F6ZpcO/6sFilqvh9eLp9sj5/e/G6t2FhYWs1tTZ2dlxcXGf36FlxaTX8th3h6+B0LTG7Md10XjK0eDV7ZTd3d3g4OCl4adqVZTP64dtnbFOp6Pw+dm6wta2ztjh8O+m09Hp6enAwMCPj4/R0dGU25bW2+dPiaFckqikrsnf8a3i4uzt99De2uiwy9SZ2MOg0M5paWmGhoZyg6uX3JnK6HmBkLVqx6eM2I9yX5rs7fO54U6rx9JMiJ/Vz+Gg28etosTQ1uT7/fS8ss/m9L+x2dempqbl5eW84lXEy9xcb5+257jt+e1ZbJ1+qbrE199wuLXz+uCNs8LZ1ORks6+mmr/FvdV9jLJ0y62Id6qVhrNwyarF5myPf65jTY/B5N1YrKj3++mb2cRYWFjMzMxyobPP79CCcKWSnr5ptbJgsa3d6O2V0cSyp8jNxduqqqqysrKUlJRtbW1crqtVaZu3rMuPtcNJhZ2ilr1AQECcnJyenp7S8NOmvs56Z6Ccj7iW2MGa3Z2FlLfC5WaUqsKfqsaHh4eioqKNuMM2V155eKhPY2ugoKBgdXUyj4t7YBKOAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAGJxJREFUeNrsnA9MFFcexy1FHzKLyMLKn0WEKn+WlcDyr4pb8A8rCuK2KMSs4Mp6i4JVDOKlUqVrJO1xeCDayp8joBUPZaMIIV4DCnogUDAQL0rBGqhaK8Rc5GJiE9NebmBndt+bnf3XwlrGeYlkZ+a9Gfnw3u/P9/1m58zRNsA2c9sc2sZyYQGyAFmALEC2sQBZgCxAFiDbWIAsQBYgC5BtLEAWIAuQBcg2FiALkAXIAmQbC5AFyAJkAbLt9wKMnT+tbd4py4fMs3yIl8VDbGYK4K7DttPYzr/+35eWjnn9i8WP+eX1eQtHzN05UwB3Ok/rWri2dpGFI57lxlv8FN+iNB/LRsT+PFMA342dXmuSbiHBjgpfyx/iw6/hWzZi3juzBSCIvOtkQW9hXPxvfRBHgTESIHbrtoPZnW+OPfzND+IJo+IVfOYBBC7frzR3asRfSfg9DxIGCoU85gEEfvsizZysgx0GLsQkVUp7VLWqHmllUpWdgeElQswp0IGBAEH82nNm9SvJoDOXWFmOpLVWWilqaWkRVUpVSvFwAYfWfiqyAhMAEwGCjQuvmdHLKY7m17dLqlVKW1J1RsBHUJAjFleq9btGyeUKwEyAYOnCHWZ44CJ9W1kgEYsE+g63oKc1J5XGWOAWMDyciQCxxIUbTZrKOL35I5C2iTj0vVPqWkV6vGuigCItMIqBAAE4F3bSRI/LyVQgKeIeNbA31L9ArIqh/p3CnfzkigRGAgTZ+/yMh3G5JVRCT4OMjuAPt7VQ3VCNX6AfYCZAbOX3LsauP4zzo/JLMnXPJCpih0wz/fAsBAgcHtwyEuXaZ6ahJ8pM88MXeWsO9Sn4vyzTSd1sBAic7u43crWoBjlUK0Xm3DNGmaMfdso7whkJEPieSDdMtyILOa6TmnfPGGUl9ZQsUxjPTIBgSVieYROI6ABJSoGZ96xqK0ZtrSIhoSRBYUWAq772xn/avvvrzAM0ElDfzEUcrDjJ3FtiTU9T0IQkq0auiLciwNh/Psb/Gweefz51dH5GAYIdC5caiAIRHyKSWKDtBYll6GSWlyRYdQmvW4b/WB7w5BT+8fmBBTMKEMsLW0KfxwXCCbCkWK+DrKG5a7yxuVNf8cNUw+gU7BD6WhvgAjsAdt0H4ItVH9mAmW3pJ2h/OzmsZJUpZZTLnX2F9b39ff1DhYV9DXqOpK0JZc2xahz46YF7y5edWjb3nam5dzh2hgGC/bQaPwIwh+KC1f0DE8TUc26YKBzqpC5iCYrMwc6aAPlesQv4mI2XFbywJme79YBnfAljtagL6Szsh7Pe1K6BcRQYR4wueXkmQ8MYTaPT+O1hJ5LaiqgEDQM/UUOXFy9QMStJjJjGmmSMyQCB34lsvXMJyZAJRHDE6PHDV01/PaKociTInPWNi2I0QHAyTE/jz4rT2a0kFTSBfHr76G7RV49E2qJaZM4NXmY2QLBxYSJ1VmboJo2oDrowWkibk2C9vTAygbIMvkpVJhgHUD+g5uXe1DnVl9CFoUb6OwgKkZUtRUSF8AwOwwGCa2EUjT9QTgswpjDGwB0aBuArTWIYmVNGFtMBgnOUopmEXIxmCWPdLwyWDfXDxlEmLjMijjERIIjct9iA54SdyMSEYR0GmYIvEVnrWQfzAVI1/kFt9Fsm0YUxQyOG79DbBfthFXyppIj5AIHDbUTjL8klj9StuiBvpNPwDUbrIbuXguTP4Rl2zAcInO7CRTN+cVlaMabArPGywmrIK4thWTA+I/4tAAh818Iaf6A2HZa+Mm98L7S+fSTwHid1h4ChAH0Qjf9hOSl0FddqczSj4xv7oYM6eIsTy1W8DQApGv+gXGsESf/a0Aw4hiF2v4CykRwklE5OeDsAArhoJryc3FvvIWcTv9sntUttaHBnPaQ6BEktyIZnACD2ZgCCUqhoRjsFi6E9kYahakNjq2FFQdQDX2rPtBrArw4E4D+9jzzmvBGAIPuEtqYj/ArhO2VKQqSvHh2ZiAFmASxGAsFAodUALvjhMQCxT7z+dB8Ar/m7bKwNEOz/Uavxt5OO+BWRzQledBkJ6Drrnf8AAKd25b7ZBZ57AxBge8/Z6gB5tx44kuHbFU1Rhr26jYjqqrunTCHtQPtR2ImgS9iaAL0fg1ivJzY7l08eHLb6EsaDth+1RTNCMh3JIQUFWTcHdPY20w4c6YUOEBEMtFsP4KcH7p1eZvPoiK3zm7GBANb4HSoI468mtyo5DQvAyEhXlalAmhLGpFnPC9s58zn4n935DXnhqXYyrJT0I2OEKBNUSxg/rJEjmBDQVEQDAZzKgZdIrWByCSPjwEWfrD4bHX01YsNiijXTafzPijSLmC8m69u6u8ZpJRmsu97OUCrnAwncjAG4IdqN635n0/btm/PduPlX0RIPrcbPzyAWcVMbGb90juIRFl8vIbGrh0V9VEzgV4QzDeCafO6xNZ5EybiLR8S3/vkR8GtF2qKZ8DFCBxjugXxszHgXtWqnuRCOGFKUfCarMRvyuXspy9Zzr7vbaghh+lpCSxBWaJQ9mRiyag0j45SMrmpgFD5EBdWsOA6TAPLOhp6lKYjhfezu9rHukNT4eUVEOF32tIw0d6kxzd1VCEF1/ThyM0SMQfbpZz9Az4vuSwwk4BHcOx7ag5XEi7G+5cSWkEhJOF9Od3NzYzfsc6sL+5AKG4ESKbOUBzIIoAf3mOEXHBZvD11Nfna5TRTNKEgzKFWRfjama1LcT3UmLeJAI7pbl4SWZA4yaFdum/9Zo9dXcO94kjTJF2MzMzQCA6eW1KhGxxvxCdhY2NvY/FPX0EAvVaHpQVawKSc8mwB6+F81lckd819Bxonki7Htg5qppxYT6j5/dBKZrKGxf2ior1kvL6lqVaM+hM8UgIu5/zXdaXXoXuLTkjDNi7Gy3GeaE1GtQeY8RopW+TKnNsbx4jGzohzuJo0gg5Eaf3w5kcymtAWZrDfFO6H1bMypzop2N+8dfM/8i0SYmEikJOFjRDKWolKbHK5C31diTn3gJ6EeZvZ02OymqZWxLyWUmYQxwhGYnID2xZTXckqYUqHqxI0wEP8F37ixlXIq2n+bbuAOPHC8XE7OIw4eDha0GMwtqp5SNuIHmVIjHX2RbiYcWn/GdapdWL8HDoavhm4g1a2V5yJxgvIMIrnjv2oCVapUA08RiCmvy0WVW/VdOc660/jP0wGnpx2gR6h+AmK/+1LIhYN7tty4seWzgxdcXT/YAjtjTTjjsn8jyJ60hIEVxH4TRwBExQaeIquVUv5M8jRgTYC/2s5dBzj3flg17QA3b9effZdcDwbrDrf+50LIUR3CCA3Bk5EueZGTyQvWnkyk0Kkpw3hk59NSrLeO1ZI6ipF0ilNYFeBHXl/9DOxs505ua87/fBp35bb5e1JPXT9+3ZFyastfjn8YjBLkle5Px8H5OgC7tGSNMtMkCcJTt6icVykYirBJOUx1MpnJPOsDxNsRfAo+ejyNu3J6E9DxqOshOpt4JmS3juCUHZycfksj03nAYbBIMwfVxThJmSioSQRnIerhNr33sp3ibgLrLuEv53oHeHk/+nre5NH0va3p4U/54jvHC5eC6bvuDjm6VWsHSV+cWJqO2zZOWjIkhKWIKnWvxfFSclrr9AM+oRkTcLqdCO/+gtMB30yzDYzeTDlx9NJWQ32Dz2jn5l5/TeiILcrbkYh7Eoe0XG3lQkFxQWWlABSIWgpagqQSpbRM/1bk1vKsD2NcuCvQE+tdg43EwtePf0d8PMudNJ28xNJr2UsnsxO79goyKuGApKBKGShWSSS1da8KaF8gSQsEzAC4xg11F3uOHzLa/7vjB4lPm9wnTSDPJTtPUzyIdcRpv1VQIDKRpCWUM+V7YzajKozj++tpOv3r7//W+ZKQDwjb9u2dSfa+kenkyzjCK+Z+q5i530D4xwfoxN2GLuD3HWkW7nv/+DMU0IR8SKx+901T0tYSsuYOlIzVmJdRJ3cAhgBcga7grSGf0fX621/fg45uuBJz0NOf0AfzyKKZ/7N3tjFNZWkADh3gQD/oUHppi1A6XRR2JJHMWtuV0NBpoyzbJSVoSkPYMUMDKAzSIB8uH8aSWsIMmVm+giFkFKKRhDEmBoEEMoqZHyTyQxjWxN0fCiabiP7QmIx/Jrst/Tr39t72tL0Irff8gHvpOdzLw3vOed/3nPc9X489TEJ46uenubECUK3HzxGjZPK3ZptwfG+3me66BrulgkXXJ5VfdLj8Ut7kl6WnTwdPT3u4FjUF8L4HyJE04gRQRBRAebuDXP+q4ysYt5kmPL241+q6aHT7wX7wJr/kPgw6vB0eQ05hu+8BZgpwjsA6JUG5bbMYnRRnBybWwJpx1vvzS71u0m/ErpU8KDD2r7cDZmZjfzV2DsQMwBIxjtjoIv5vtc2Mu3otmFhuAxM24KA4vjMcWnuXXFPxI/daABQYW1p9kloIU6uvHgexA7BhBWdoiCpw/Poty74bk63f0YPbxm3ty06oBiXPPZG414vvQfv4vz/5LYWd8XVt9R9BDAG8jNMCXytxeSiNlnb4tt3J7a7JZJp1XmDTfe553GMVX//SN32kfnW7mgRh6ee3fwrp/fY9wFs4X36fAb6bmFn2b9A+O2506YRLHqPujnsYBMfg5Jel/x379nv8WPifh2M/HwcxBZAngQ1h9nQdPP++M5K0mB0wzRrvun0zLqMZu+X2hxECYw+evXCy+qdzB50/E5YePXx67Oejob7gfgeYJc7AKTGwGdy2cJe0jck27taq33a7vqe7tUFnYCzea3/u7L9qa69euHDham1t9Y9hnP+w3wGmC+DNgBUFsB/rppG8jXzAY5UsecwWhefXkCS/5B0/ev/+/aOlWFgvuN8BZuTChtwlJTzYLSwHbd7iURsfue0ZNj4wNvJCJ8C0PJmjf9h/p3NRqUQM31lhO67tnZyqVbvc67qxejqxZywNkPxyrwHmbF6UgZTyvK1k5x09gTYqCc4T0w3rMP2UrW6Oey0XkVuCGyQeUUbKJr8nAMulI1PAXgOGh+gL9erAASzqg276jZStfNML5hFBvsSzb8u7aWb/AUzciAP2chCfT1+wYQCAPjHzt2bfjRONZ7Yq1zsd/TNoNvm9ATg3VaOd05lzuqT0jYGBAJqom5lWPRYLT/TaffVI7f34/HcH9yNATv4GKMR0WjpX5fCTyGI3mgTCM3TRDfdFJbQ62vRYuA8B7oYaky2A1bOWG2hjIEy3osCzhgetz2MPnvI+DoDpuXBYyJNp6MbWH8Cl55ui2co6rwj6dogIXzRxPgqAmWJ4V0KrCJJH080A7Wa9gyBYfOu5erTuq0CW/DIWAQolJdDdkmjJdzNAYQq7PrTIfeaLp7d2CKB+6wuMjWmA7B54SYSvhFZE5JY26nbLC3KfB8LjhOWLNVAV/+SXsQgQlOGCQ25Ai+rsQIMgBBAon3iu1nHu7b/ToVDve4DruOiGE2/hbrrQTtlswteFQfeizzWBC/S8R5FNPqYAanCadL0Ids6sUisy8AzjU78x/BppyCfGRiPADAG8O5WHWxZuoxbBfhup2KoJ0TrHvkmNdYB8MW5zG35R5CbVKCi3TEDqt88JpsIvkjoDY4UxDpAwi1zC9eG1mVkKNRAaAmH7JVNA6LPewNjYBVh8CyeQojpYyWmbGSAXQBO5BY1JOghVU1FPjI1agPhBEFituE/HSQnaVuUU3X6lgVi3NDIf//4HSNhdtCNH0LVxxl+dHsevF4+2+K7V/hEn2UgnxkYvQHCNuMccWOGp2DRjJKyNGGcm8L2+3nfTUOb/gIh8/LSmftpBxkpk0QuwMpeYnagINxUPvLPMQggHVi34Xt0qgtZCFbdInoBwYuyHAKgzd+UBIG0epjtWTgLv7mC3LhlO4Df5yk0Wi22iXS6X310z3ZyxEXwMJ+ClvEYygJH4+GkE+HyTNZkCEn/NsdMMsLgH1jRafKatD+Fsv2Xh3eqqZWHVuEYcQ5XwvE0qgZH4+OkBqBu+eHFz8znoGgRJV/K30gB4NkVfqFdWLrzNHCtyurSExFAb+dpEW9sAiWVSj9vNULxC/oymF8K9BJg0mJycqI2zb6XMp+kGmx2yx9KZ6Qs2rMIZYHxHBz5VZKggOr4oGo8W4WYkPYXBE/DE2A/ThQ9slm+wtgenzLTHC/sFy4GlxcVWtLaXCnBhTWXrFPWEAU+MjWo1BviHa/KP1Fnr61FsMKGoBSemPY1UNQ+G5+OPDoDZhJQTl1qsRXWtKAD7pnFdO0tM7QEMz8cfJTkT9AQ3FOdESwtKu5aCJdy9SsCnNnnC8vFHCcDMEvz9qb4TdQjN6nrr8T9QB8reww7Hxx9FubNwekaFYwSsXwrSwtr7mjB2SjQBG/wjdB9/1AAUruuLCYpGUcHrQC2wol5iVJNKEETb8ya/jDmAvCoFr4qYesJa0E0thBXTygq/2Vwd7DnHHqfGJsCSdVCi99vOcqS710CO8Iih18APrk/6i22om2aiBCA7o6pBT5Y9q/5GQbe/QlhhKBglUbTL9AhDxb9D8/FHzRhYqcly/HXX/PXg1j6R0vBkySNu2Kn6xWkHVDIp/gJlEfNQaD7+KJqFi7OAQn+tw/+DU6/7lAXK0e4+g6H7xrRI9NZKmpSCJ7mDJOylX16PTYAZGULhm2xyIeIcuWRdNBgMRS1PKqhUZXUPH+1BfwnFxx9NSWg1Den6jPBbI2cgDMnHH1VpkBv1Cg7gVGaGZ043olcOwccffbn0O96oQ/d9sjMF66HUv47s448+gKo7DTx+qI0yxVWhNTj/zaEPDpAj3UGWlMzZTYCp6YrGYk2IjdIF+hBbfEY4MfZDANSZmx1fD8TVDO/YrLt0ppJGoVB3hCiBqlx1yM/hPX3A+dASONjl+FpoBuVXAOjM39qlY9HY1zR3QtsP1OBLsh+KqKP5+OkBKI1PSIhjScsdl/nD4OIIAENzzSm7AxC7plYBYXEW8vC3IigJ60FogbH0AMR0UqkOu9Ks43bau+xbg86fTe3WiTZChxojXMlVIK2iYcW5l7PCfBBSYCyNXTgtvnmb9QqT1Wh3dRb26IRiSWPwnqyRiDvCfwaKQh29p7vyisWSwB2Z19gjaIgoogshMDaaj8flKXpy9SoKQlj2G7G4IdId0MF9/NF9vjCnpEogvqxIJ6hsnMwOtSS3TMOP/AlBN81E/QHNPNWbnlzJo6piTUl2RkZGpUqxXtYjEOsbs+j5/U1BfPwxccJ1lqq4akUi2CniW5fvaNLZ9GlND55iMQ/QI4ypqUKM9t8qfBHQxx9LAHepBA6MZQAGLz/86ToDMKISaNMMAxClBNg0wwBEKvcoffwMQLRynSowlgGIWKgCYxmAqFYjhY+fAYispv9Cuo+fAYhcUh8f212AaduvHF8P5GxqYxMgh9THTydAmXNVTvrr8x2P/m6tyu1lIfPx0wMwLX9oKJ+rcy4qpb2Kn+ICMKKdTIk5gGwSHz89AFnP3r9/lsYqd91NJgOQ/zwGAZJtmqEz1CvnZR4rJzFnOGHnLJMpXQwC9A+MpREgt7CwM2me21nIjc1JxFXOf3eIUWMiKk0vUhmAkRT+g6d8BmBECvWLJgZgRAUXGMsADKPAgbEMwHAK5ONnAIZlkvh8/AzA8Ip30wwDMMziSX7JAAy3uANjGYDhlqQ//8JjAEZSXMkvGYDhl53AWAZgBMUZGMsAjKB8lv3pPR0DMJLyh09/jKcN4PxwvN3xTZaw8fEABH/7n5k2gImdQzUAXOkq3HKgw5ISpEkoBSDVwtCqAQ5aNYy2VwNna+gAmKKVybRcMLftEMAcYO4EYC7hZU0CQjE3o9RKKJ88g1DrzGQXUrVmpFdLQHo18yYtAGV5ebIDsmHnwVRxoGveKYFmJAmUmlGkAdvYRJEtznstUrVP7CgPTavhIskpbV144+WmVpfDMpvjd/aQvEJa1mS9QhpqOp8jVRvaQKo2N4hkamzTcOpSKABZ9s55LBGkXHH9U7hoT0CrxklCM6/QNulzOTS+Gn0AmUIzQNnUM4T/IWv7N5R+xxreDF4JyztTiPC7tOZ5hFq6zbiRvQU4Pz/ZGbxWSmHhJAJnrnYyeKWRmpEuhJHXvoX0L0N7sd0BWCiTyewpcc3SwAKT76gmBfmfBB65XDqStDz42+b9DsqTEf6qeLS5RhvH2SOA7JG8vLxOwP1tKDDAIUc16UhCkOQKLKeO9P8RFYDOU9gfyxETgETlTZ0E6QHNwtw/HgW2E1Y26RXzAyIiWnjKK8LK5JJTVIgwa/KVQCLaMTteMWpwDGgZOKmamHM7eNqr24hpoLS1EREbTG3EZLpJbW1ElJTSbdXt3AMagKNgNABHA3A0AEcDcDQARwNwNABHA3A0AEcDcDQARwNwNABHA3A0AEcDkIIABAC4hIOEe9qWzQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Contour Label Demo

![Contourf
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Demo

![Creating annotated
heatmaps](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating annotated heatmaps

![Image
antialiasing](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image antialiasing

![Image
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Demo

![Image
Masked](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Masked

![Image
Nonuniform](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Nonuniform

![Interpolations for
imshow](data:image/png;base64,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)

Interpolations for imshow

![Contour plot of irregularly spaced
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour plot of irregularly spaced data

![Pcolor
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pcolor Demo

![pcolormesh grids and
shading](data:image/png;base64,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)

pcolormesh grids and shading

![pcolormesh](data:image/png;base64,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)

pcolormesh

![Streamplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Streamplot

![Advanced quiver and quiverkey
functions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Advanced quiver and quiverkey functions

![Tricontour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tricontour Demo

![Tricontour Smooth
Delaunay](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tricontour Smooth Delaunay

![Tricontour Smooth
User](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEzGxcX//5mW7YVh33kBoepJ23X///8s1m/8/PwnS7HGv4Swr66Fa2LJ9I4Cr7/Qy4m8vLwBu5vm5ubAuIMeXsSmpqZg4XmAgICy8okBzHGLi4uQeGe3rH2biG3L944LgegP0Wknppm6sH/LxYnk4Y7o/ZR4w32HZ1rl+pQAvJx95H+CYFl+54CWzYSii2lmv3qzpnuqzYj+//4+xXLF1o1YxXjNxoPX04pH3nV8yn/S35C+4Iyp2Yex74mh0YYMtpdfwnlj2nmahH9XvnfZ25K62ovG7o1xaFOn1Id6eXlDwHPNzMy01IrXzoWu0YjAsHrf2Ypm1HqW2IWVeWGU5YO90YxNv3XW5pHN24+PjmRnxHoDk/pzxX2v6Yjr6ZLU09NI3XW+1ox9235dhFqcyoUcmtD4+fgy0XAasJOJcmdoynpM13YmflPg85MQqrUdpaxDuXOTgGvc29s0abYqdlBVynfR1ZCr3ojb7JKfjnHC6I0ok8wUbtUir4rKu3x/0oDr6uxSzncXpWBzcnJwyXonnrG/uXut5Igpr36toXleilxnz3rz8JSkkYwStWZTu3d/64Gyo58XyGkGw2/09fR8cldZUU44y3H49paIhmCmlHAkiFYitXZP0nY6u3Lv7+8PntwBlPyvm29bflgelVtprmqenp0jm7+ysXbj4eCHhoZhk2CM2H2Tk5OXlmeHfF1gYGCmpXBra2qGyXhxomiSfHcvvm9mVFBwvHK5qHUbcstkn2QUv3JmjF4QgtwvfsZ+u3J4rm6omZWfnmt0W1Yzdb4ekdwncsdrz3w+WKQmw2120niUhmMoW4Nsl2PFurYlYI8+ZKoQkOkAlv/2/Okac7h/ZWAdaqcxPaEhgc8IkfLM+Y6wy4kiZZkHrcMvlmCNtn3U9NPg+ejf19Dt9cI5qmq98L7f3LQ6Pzyy66Y4gFSS4KVKVW0no28dLm+Y5MOfwuhz3bNbj9V74ZdMa1hKYXNzoIJMz6k7mKVoe1ht4oMp0GpD2XFFsdkXbnFlwYRBAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrs2W1IG2keAPCOCZ0bEiVhgknwJR/My4WcuZrgmZoXqd2YOkTb6JoaQZMaJWBLPhiuvuTDNstIpdVyWUgHLSwDlQaTOjqOlXYphW3th4Ue7Rfpl+uH7VbaXPu1X25ZuP8zWlvvjlu57kEb80dmkmeezOiP//95iYcO7QZeiv3Gof8YJZcSYAmwBFgCLEUJsARYAiwBlqIEWAIsAZYAS1ECLAGWAN9HJofjOTZSKb7ZOf17Jy6GTnbWTnDsngtiOybf2z2W2fteKS9iwIiA45SSTYhASvpdM7GnE8uLJBmBtUdiH17QYHboSyb+Baxqz8ftuVwxA/Jshlb6s4RGoJUYQ9OIiqM0CYqX41mBivl53p/hU/lYqgor8P4qVmygNXwEYAuMPEtrlHKC4/NEJU+nIgIlZKhCntXwnJ2L4HmWo6vkcj8NN2ZpWvAXH2CBpguYMq8USD6LFUgKlZugYemsn/EzkVSGwTA+xZN8hhRSTC7G51ADWYjIKcgtQR6jKVbOKXmSTDA5TiPeQUlnsjTJY7Qfh4/m2SynZEhayeXJgrIIS5ggKKWyKpvFs5UYhWezynyExvACTQlkJV+VYHCcSYBujBRQJQsRniCYCI9HULlDR0qJyzkOBk+o/4gAd6jMKilcI8e5SiqCCynoAi0auDt4aooP0C+OgSgDWSGL0QCYw1j4owV5hsywJKPkIxEmxbN8RMlkGJKADIz4mRwvDp44LSdEQPg0m2BSWUq8AybEshqWx6oqycIHgBzHMsUHmNDAkIf5uRglMJX+KlyOSjjvxxOCkCcpgcpgPI/FKELOU5Sd4yMaFjWwFJ7Io+mCkXMYroQRlM/HsrxAindg+XyKgkExwVM8C/eSyzEODimBLkJA3L79QyQSvBJe2XfaYDEC82sMXSHEBnH2jRHvG8RORGynP7qCeosX7LHt/js9d56SSUSYRNEupIk8zxH/30ek0MRe2okcuJ1IjPwNIvXfg2Xh8Js8h/j0ADGh6mODq6L+jOLt69dvX79dKCz8A+LqCnP16tUTELdPFArMbSFf9fHB+z89wI/fiMZevvn2dxCnzx/9ekbd/OheT/u4r3EivOxQOGRNNV81fHd9BRwnX23aP/ZRlVixAdrZl2+O/fLLF385ffqLr4+eOyKduXDncU+72zUY9y4uOgBQBYKXvkNx/ZLqFUmUAD+YmTef/3ihv/XsscNnzn177vCZw0e61P2Wu/e73e5k44Q30GfQB+o6QfBUwyWIhlOnGurGXm1ulgDF3NvcSo5b71+OmtQzR86dOXrmzLljM+ofmi1DS9YBd3Iw7pxFgApVp6yh7isUp2pqmprqOmUG/f9sWDSA9s1Xem9j20l3970bF/rVXUeOnT//J8i/VlP9nXsSq+ekr20iNLe4GAYtVWenrK4GQtXUpJI5ZIGNjXDv1tbmwQUkcq/0TbJ5hXOwzd2ytPAIBNVdM2dnpGqpKVo/tNbTorVVtE30hsPzsw69QaGSdaJokqEX+sDyajg0EUx2/P355kEEjL14UjvZUKfSr656Qy7buHVtwQLjoBpFq+lC+sZjiXXcgwDj3rIN2ZxeYQjogU4lkylgTnE45heRn+/ZdHt3z48vMwcMkHgxOlq7crWhRqXXzzt6B13u9u77l+ujpqmu1tYZUzT9aGFJMuyZ7tANxgHQ0Tc7q9cHDAZDIBBw6PUOw+J8ZzgUD/o6psetkns36qNvMgcJkHjwtLy6tvbEtRqVTL+66HW6Tk4PS27dtNRfaDY1N1vS0YU1Sbdb63ZVBM1mb1nZ8sW5WYdMr9ej/AsD32rY24v83NNWyeO76Wh/688/HRzA3BWmvLx6dPLqX2ughmV93t7BZDtI3BqKpustlvp0dOi+pGfYo7X5fI1GyMCy8IphdnY2HA7DoWkZqjc8NjGB/AaGJZC5FlOrVCp9aT8YgPYXx8uZp+Ujo7XVYg0rlpsgBTum3VbJ9ws3LOl0/dTCfQmMgFqoYJdTBCyTzRvm5uZmAxeX5zcUc3NeZzwUrOho9wz3rC1ELaYuNQAefvPTQQBkn6yvr99+WD6CavgSqmHZsqE36LN5WrolS4+Hbt4curwmkXS3aD22pC4YN/YaALDs4vzG4nJf36pjrmzOG4rHgy7fSbfo96h+208qVf/8vPgBU98cP75eDYAwCE6emIQablL0BZxOl8utHe6WSJbWvl+SID+P1t3xt2Sj0Tw2hwDLZhUXO8PoPBaKm0NBn8s2PTDcs7QwlTbNbPtJpV1T+yzjTwGQRN8G50iWSOXY/QNiD67sAo5OrqzU1Mj0isVF70Sw4tmABwmKYQW/gWcVFZCAE96yDwLxGScg/aB8x63gdyfd/MM7P2l/1NLNfh6A9iylyeA5jhJInsP2C8g+uQJ+AMj8ofz31aO1o2gQBMG+cG/IBUXsabH2oPQbdoOfzadzhXYTUAxUvEZzY9CXhPRrsUrWIP+ap3b9YP8SXeh+/lkApgR7Hv0SlZUszyX2B2h/8c2OX/kO4OSJS3UqlcLRF/DGg7o2t1Y7Pmy1WlsGtJB/SZ0vaDY6Ddt06ABTrxGln67N5hkf7um5NfQoDduXd37q/qi4/n65+RkA5ig8q4QFnUASpF+I4ZH8r/4fIoMhPRHw4e2nqIS3AWWdisWL3nijr8I24NF6BtBBOw1+qIDjY7t84Gc2Gp1BH5p921H63bXUN/dLpXsScKm7fcC1+ekDZoQEhSVwTINnUgkhgxOxX8tA9sH6Nt969QhKwPIvR/94DZbSdTKFomkj3DvRpnOd1HrE0I4/84FfLxTw7PsCHoubzY2DOt+zcTRho/SzmM7u5p9UPQUJeAv2L7ZkcuvTn0QwSp6rxJV+PJXX+PdRwv4r4LcOfMjvIQCOfDlaiwBrZAo9bNVC5mCFrmN8229gx+9dAYtJGA4ZjaE2nc82DZNNzz2Ufu/WL6JfV7OYgO7pDl9jfIv4LJYxdvs+lzHslZGR6pH1atArfwh+T2EIFAGv19Q06RWBvrDTDDWM5hEINH/oBp1GY6/3/QBY5p2A8U9XYZuG5c7Swo101IS+t1FLW1vfj4BiAvqC8bFw3VYxrQMj6wzD3BYDzpB/KAFhIX0NVtI7gF6zM6nT/ZN7c3tpa8/iOK1BK3saUhrGkRp9SLappMYkNZfJxZDQRHdPc9lJo7lgorlgaSRwLORiHsyIkqAJHAfq1AiOoOTgOVodSR4UEfQ4D4LFJ+lL+zBQoX/GrLUTPbYw82zOUuOF/eKH73ddfr8VSw4FSGk72NgBVhPgVZhinfI0iLRV73RB94JHN4AvLzFIHDcyIAgw7UmR2RPy/4mwrgA+bb7z+OP9jx+f/BvjyRP4BTIgCLBnsmdRagcLI8BElwaxUVhALGymA6x2MIVdb5aRYaITKrWWatXh8QvwY7W0sKISxfjouITJgJmbAizShDVx8ccA+Lff7r++/008fny/KsCdHakdioiA9BZuAJSl2ex+eVd1hgsUN2iGYMHT6TZ32Px+ccPxJvKDrIf4GhsbESBLKBJdZUAQ4K7KSiiJL81/AIBjy20TbW1tr1+/ZtBhwBz8sm2ip31tYG3ODm2MgPaCvjxpdgfMc5AB2Ww8ROj0YAU+yS4t0V74gXTDE/2yVj2MH6IQ8sMrlEYMnxFLCPaAKMBgylMo0gKaq5Tav9Q/wDFe+2R7e/sEQmQwQjVpewn6A347i/uQArkq1cZGQdM5CMaFca7Pb6sCrDq4SBYKZHEJawjUaa2uT9xwXloQGluAX2OVHyoQehhR+EqAJuKE5giU/CxP+qXeATZ/HRgY2JlAiBM1iC/b2iYmenralz8M7M9lYRYGB5OmWCrYAbMIFmFb+gZAL10oMApMdMETNn/SiQKE8c14pb9GzIFG4cLe4bUAvSpGgFNz+9yxOge4Kp1bntxZHFhsa5+cRClC9LQDvsm1HTQwj+CqBMrtJWgDYfStdjE5S0dHGps+BJj1BpZ2N5gUyDg40lBhBMjyrdT4jU5HWS3RzMJ8GQRohh7QpNxGAXLt2Tl7z2/1DfCtgMfj86TS5Q+LA1WIy5MYyyC/xf05HpQQAWRAlSmm0X6q8cMqAm10rYjc3SgWtws1B5uTObFrPQQCbMkbavwaRw3QTgu7Z2sCjIEAIatyrbwpntTes/ilrgF+nSK4XD7e5oISGYiLizsQIMme/Tm7HTKglZM9CWigRUZ+rRCQBT+zO4Luq4OYAF1tYjRatqxP76ocLOAB/rWB0cFYQn4XIG4yWBGgdN8OrfpqHQO85HIJIMglkKEUIM4tt38o7hQ/tK9J56RZPh/4CVRFMhHDA1IY4ZIUlQSKSQtzEhP7/SgL5uBBtgUEuLUeyoAAo/FrAcZhHhaKZsM1AWoKu1ncpSH4CHB/4AP3bd0CvKCtHAwBIeBeCRE+MXj8LJ9HID+6qDSl5GnUHxVxOp3iSLIVZpFPWugEU4lAdZZLuGEKScv6IlCCuyEDGiWN1yExskCAm0dOCktwV6JQJNHBXDsCtK8NDPy9bgGaBCpaxRFw8EuAUuRz+Tx+9ZPHJ3BBAxLgBun2aLV4wlc9j3aJ9X19sjRDMKZJkIGAKZHq1ATZMj/lPAp3q/MtLMnKTQHCGAwCFPdRadxjUJ4EagAhB4IGe9Z+qVOAlySx6/Vub2/Dy+4G3uriagFaGl4JXNDAc5gNEi9EILuJGxrKR5VjvFCK+P1QSLQwznXG3BpNqgv5WXJYQc5CwzcNfJ0Bj1x6aCAHuxJ3t60qlYoBCFV4Hz+It3UJ8MtJcVdJkiaTKcFRbpwgRS4okREjQQjQ2qpskTBpNEGtzB9xuo7D8wel0nz4qMHFEPyUHvQAQoiU3AwJ0B9xHZZEYOC84dq/o4p8LQOK/Tpt2hMzFYogQCuBAKd4UKcg9gX1CPCCyIL5PG4MjUZjMnGyqMfdLMMOQ5X1ntAm8K+ZykVcR+sHZwsYZ/OHLiDYJzOz2dpBudwjlwf7+23Ir7LZ/S0/RoD5qgBbZexgzB2wbhcIkkNYlbwpJDiHK4XSr3UI8O4SmUil3PDfB83BoBxAaDwIEQ19sgux7d1VmTRuudZCJSNbh5tnoowQQi1aKK2XG6CU6D5r2R396XS6n22W5YBxZV6kdnzDrypAZhUul7MwDt7NAkBQoJVXXSbk27Pw7eGtAzg2soovLx42rVbfmfodwEvEJw9qtVqzxWazWSzmQYt8UO7xoKGzGxtZQkUCPk9Qa0tS+vL6Xkg97ID+zugYVnfPrh/hzaafklm06bTWIkv6KbHrfFOkPm2J3uCHJbgln8FVuAi031pNzHR3WxUQkCpcJqwSZChKBWO3DGDzo7/MrDaN/OPPb1ZnfmXetvstwIuEG/ClzTZKl9RBUJSMYjgyEDVoao0b8ZltSb2zEj7LDBuN+Wg0mje2OISh0Py5Cy83+3I6SqfL+XURZzl8IBKesnwwgYxCVAW44kMB4lVczm/rGAQHL3kDABCqsNXK5UEanMraeTz47evTW3atOdP06E7Tm3/9+ubO+6aZh99fKjXHUh7AJwN6er1TXIYQRyIUpQdNWSzBIOPpIOjTptOBfQ8yQofRJ4lPr6zEDT4ja1gtKq0fAUI9wMvp9GLn1nl4NiQ0GiXTwG4lrpiuORgcnRGtb0EGpNL9chifA95CgCBJQomrmNh58rlK/El5eRuvNZvHRp7/6eem5798e6359OllSg6tSRLEtXV0Pl+Lw8rxfyJ6irLJbGawtBm8rYMnjtb3mA3zFQATj4+PrhiirLwwdLYZPnK5nE690+naqqyXQupZVl4y/tfx+E9Dve+GFFcHWVcC/NxhTkEKDOAqIU3SfKX1OqDhpGnOxa0CODZzZ+bFyOrIg+dvZl4w7z6/qcBL92AaSoPeWT4PH+xBYYAQ7u2VgOX5sVgMQkRbM/Isb86fqU8dkulxBYLpHXo23TgtybNm1SJAWClvbZWPD8OlEGpUohiFp3pfMW8mGWfOYaAHrAkQVwlTJgagikPSKi5Xeb0RTENZJgNjt6qIjDy68/DBw/fvHzY9eDTyXRG5gNwmS1Li8vn8XkY9fJrH5BY9jQ4Pq/dKm2FQYlksRms7y5VwKTPsiBpAV+/uvYK49+qHZyuNCh/LIcwsnJU25+c3D2ZFIch+UQn8HZ6qxg/To8w5jFCEAoSmh6314PnNUpEED9MkSXOYlp3L5dCkilAVst7LW9bGPP1fbUzzV+jsYDCrhAHfqSPvMygUCoPBoDD4fNHhWeEeg6VSqYAgSxlGfivPeu+9+/GfED/23ns1pBidljhaZoWhhYXu7gVob6IshyQ+uvJT772r6IVhZFyCl8FhFKDO3BGEeQ9G5xNiCQhaa/vANHxXEZwA6d0OBC7qow9svuy36HR6qJoIJ2qIT8efDQ3FhxRDz5Cjzzc7qxYCxVJp77/UnOtPk3kWx+NwzxC628mI1BfaZpRI04YAFkHAtikQ7KihBJEplyn3pi2XOK0Qug222y6EkkJaMtW0RYg1nQzMi9VJY6RUjJlKaDAslxiZmIlmNWv2xZp5s682e855esHdf6AeQh/EJyZ+8j3X36VyotKq0BRrRS0D7pGgk4u2OeLOLpMBHHu+1IqFYWH7RrpUKdFmwlvZhwGqDPb8dj7VgDUl9ThBRICNt3Eb6x8+/+ry5XONjecufwX4On+4Xf5Z7fkze58EwD3oGhqankBqsCqUEp9ZhqGNMbm8ZVZEQrRubEBc1GxI7cUGkN/AyAKX6/B7PB4Hl7sAapRpMyGX4Kq5NB1XL80VKFLgNjIy4o67cHG6FOeAab24l3U8vo73l9uNt0CEjefOYbdzDjz6h9t/nZm5MTZ4NlHLpDDA0pzWEnDf55Aa7PZin3kWxCVfCG4Gg2/fBoMLcoQoQpdWQs2nUUoMEP1Afk6uX6+zOBwWnc7JEMxUGSCX4K5JTbEBChaUH8nUOUJJxIcppL072oO70RuqaBWFWYkvv/20vHFmBrcEz8ycKoeWvPMWyA8S2/jrT0CBe6OM+7YrlCKfrGWgDP7TFo9Op6Nv/1uACAxbRFCyYN0HWTVbvsC16D0uDplF74gT1IqKwaDmq9DG5EdevgAoB+CvJVJp4dzqE0oh9QTwdCutAtwqf/rNNzgHws+n5TO3am8MDp7tyqsqef8JKPDdBSHjvsVm86wbNePXeyyOUMgLZvF7dB4LCrEMIKK5QVabXI/eweHgGyEk6ORiHBQxDQd+Gij5AmeyEQBYJqowK/OtE3xIIb0F0IUQwDNnWmtjQ+yZTsgipzpnbn3WeaN1cLD1aj1uai3YS3mA/dXra8uV6L6YGuQLTove7wp5TSYxmNpkAogend+BDN1uKFtAoFyn3s/heKfwFZPXBQTBTQeyW2JDPxBiC0W9IMADCQZBjAOzWpxE01JSUwMCxL0MaNdu1NYCtxl0385TtbU3WscQ3zjOIwo6LrxOeYCvp5cfQmpVirSYGjYdOo8rhGjUPDK1Wj3lxUhncW4GsWzZ5IL7WjiuKTW7CIwtnnJx/H6iNGtWUb9L7ptdFmT0RyGwxVwh0uBaJnhwE52HyMurO38aNAiBcOzatfPQb0OvDewGB893dY2D91bXFFQLm96XpjrA99ZK64ZGYmZSA7LxmthiHm+IxWINDbGGh3lqsWkq5PDoPQ6MaE6HR+fghKbERWwgCN/iKY4LnTibCKqgdqbixT3C6A+1mS0XVfiU6dJCPngwhkBUYF5e19mxM6cTBiDHrrV2ne2qqq+vQ3yTtGSwl9oAS/snlJhaDSA/CFl+ncsFaNSAb2jYZgvYbMPAEBCqp0Iui04PaQVyLwf0xwZ2bDFRNIU4HgtliuwWmUEmj3UeTsQHVSIGQJlKWyyFFCyITqelCWtqoA9BG++6evY8DXBbu65e7aqrqxqvrx+vu1IyCvhw/zp8vU5xBb7GrkMElR9EPweEttAUm80bZrFsgcUMtMWADWDy1GxQIcflcDgw9yJkkB6PN8xDCXrjPgy6K4vXziPkvkEUZpzfhAA9GAFiI4IEIRJWoeEMNg9+rrtUcqV6sqamo7oXt/8Dv+b3OakN8J+QXDHFLmySa3pNRWyUnw3x9YHBs8+GKhQTQjLix8b3WMPqIgRo8XM3k10bAzDoBHxlcX6KfE2lQBC9C1iEuCmz4dJ43gmEeOLEr7+eyBuvAt1dGR2d7MBpWK+wifCR7aU0wHkz0FtYCFr8kCZcGNnExA/xGSM7OzsRY19GRsCGIiyCWOgNuVxeJv6pMUqyeEUxBf4vQCgC5UwLIsvMhDbPXigQCHrW8VRJdQFocPJKyaU68Fhw2UvIjnTXcEEobGqKkWtuTvpwygJ88xuYBwtmB4CBxIrhj0X8Im1LS0ttS20R42LGIopQjTnXZDKpKf4V8ZDfEK+IrU7EwIHs/zMcNKgk9nxFIR8c+Dm5ZS+zo6ZmcrShpKSkGmRXAPCQXfPKysqDB+vrT578/HxtumdtBd5+l9IA/+UHg6rZi4UfsMDwx0L/7YsstYEhwgMQIRHEgEelCzsBEKmaXJCFmX5toIzBmCDpxtJGomH43etBbTWnNfVO0pYa2lkD1jFKTruy/vNaz/T08vLq6uq9ew+jUf7q96jYnBQG2P9vk5q+xJBRMSmwYvwWjW3E7+QOcoyAG9tYRDBpYh79hkKgh8kh8mQSZhiWybTET1rYLZh7eHeFAhuoStjbMNrBbPCfrO7tBaddebLWs/wwyucLBLRWOgcOL+DffQBvv0lhgG94SRsepqAWyx87BPDF1tb+LjzJi0lvhwhCqa1mqhi9AwU4MGvIVGUaEiNUdF+8U8ZO/ARRhh+THZqbhMJeMiGe+AR6OIWdqKRxWOUEvM4HE+A52mY80JkKAJMXAObkxACWfgjYgNsQkSN6w7YAVS8kwN3w1snwVhg0uGOETAJv8cSHCGImiQtwwQ38mEYEGjlC6JbLfCoVjgnToQDkzy2vp31szWjweMDQqyy02ukEiVShaQfiwK8bfb65ISclAOb++aecrOvHLn595/7xP8YB/qePLBDAmhk+An0ZGUmAbW3bL8LbjAQzyImHPpIgm+lDHHrnphz4JXag+mSz8pZZmTlTRfVLvnUCafQ8YKDhit9KcyzTgvjAc/mCiUIrHmKSKhRSughEgQSxcQZ3r36TAgBL5+/fOfZ11vydby9+8f3RmxD9bh7Nzbr5+GUkEmGqvY8tBnDn1dYrioUReCNAVQthYzIJfKixj7OAAyf54TyGLoRSAUrkZ69EfxQ8vLu2Bpm1B7LE8nTP9NpzXCPomV6NzvEr2+00RpRIaAQOKPOx7cNzJGnC6pp3KXRaM+t4bs6R3Iv9WdeP38/N+vBie/vVfhirPaPxI4rGA4bgLvP8CCBUfsysBho8L8el83NHBpAfYzGGxFFUjFsXCvlkgqg1Go128zFJ8LujUVojiPLnQH0KOsBk1jL/gA/nstj34fAaZ19VpSkA8M79+WNH5vt/OpqVkzWP94+XHsnN+v3x45ePAOKL8MHSQeQww0XjwVLbITvkwuC1XmZYiMNAl96PARD5+QwSEUKI61Ar0dCJrm5BjOAhm0vk2u5CTewEToVKixeZYd6R4jEICoG4fFK1lyIx8PrRb//xY+4Xx+hObYiBN3959ujZ45fh8P721ovw7u7BjtG4mCAIhXQc3xLWMZiGIYkUqadio2hs6vx6C46jZ80VWonSLkU3jElRi1dq0an+GD8EyO9mMi3k2W78FfwJLz/SSIC71iADE+HysQETDx8P4jTRAvLfU+HIP16gm5PTP9+f1d8fK2M+fPndd8/+9OiXx+GT4f2t7fBu29JOgiC1clhJL2EzkkFZGPqOIpOXyLkcDmj/9H4n6c9cgcuawCs/XaGUmH0+s6RYw5wJnkjojw/s2jUbkCakig0NLeBZNVI8QCfJxCE2zSHKZJiFcBe1AIsYYcfklROXxkpTsw78/W9fJhGe3N/aB8kdGJOBcLHPaIQkQ+1wRgCKbCibkZ/L4sHJFrR/zKIm8DMUJw+iKzQapUaRjvLDCUKCXrsGPDOfMDMP+iH9v8ydfUzT+R3Hw3AoYgg+DCaJQZBeowTS46FCLVQaDoYVEQgCdsCgRSEUBgmUEh5khXIwMNSgG5BaZAGcD3gXlRACKnbGEyVc3HnmzgficZnuPKPLQpZLtuX2eX9+/RVcDv+1X59jguHF5/nJNVp5EXpQyw14YYDhhEXvmZWaEJmSvKfyS7cEeGn9+r/WEMLbTYTw0XYK+ShiYW1dwRDv5yK/vcxvxFlaRbVvUEP+wxwn1zINcZWav+M3s4IDJnxSC8IThqvVljv58tMaiZ8xx5X8Ue4s70bxmgLHkoR4ZUNMZd3f3BGgx7/url9/l4Vwqqnpzsz27dsRND8WAQ6tFEUuCjK/nlob6sy99yYmBqtJ6/qsdvALWKOe7VYv76M7+YUhAgxTYNUa2k2u1m4wCBrODAPUMnRSDNbl7A/FB3RP5vSeESaMUVfWFdaddUcJfPM1EVxPBH/BBEkGHy6IAI+00/szXiNF2e2o/KEieI3Erwdl0mpuMSFb4456QMAsOYYWaf4KhAGYNwp34VPDv3jFxZG4xSFYIYbdanW3DOlLkVnjKt+QCvMECKaAeZEkd0/hrXN/cUcJfPP1MsGmpqbb5ErmH//pC9HgIbPDd26OVIWU7UJZ32br7R0URg3WlfJoVpydkzUFRymISZz4KJkg/xFOUV63sGlt9orzsgue1i5E20YKnHl/qcgYLRYg0D8mDZZiAqSkIFWpxDb7J5KB/W4pgUzwrtMOQgTv32CAR6rE3BivKiSkbO+mvaS+rRT0TRC+0r6cHMx8GOnTl2Nol1hx+u+Z/erF0tK/oa75CiRjOtg+xHlGrziilxONga6+nCSB2/Lgao5Tgfsof8ZJYIWwjJ2OXdjYgVi/w/vdUwJdIghHQlbb+jSeAAAgAElEQVRw4cYDZ+kKQsdNzTKCtwk5x8meioqeXh7GIhky8Odvl6PWQuJ3ImxuLvzlYlQUxUtR375YAr7wMCHJID+RaIizg57LU5Div/XkGvydQFaWSRZwejy7pICvAUgG/EJj/+DGEujS4RlI4ANK2oaqBJPHbcu9ZWVcye+xUcw8QUlbDhdZzEZ5okympaRrVqo7oRvVX9+w4pad96InvK8if40gfnGGJC7RYGjJKWmuvFn41ZhktVrl9qI4lB/ydZN68Gsozs0r/ORjvwM+n+53Xxu4QoXJBv5aKFyhUrqL5K4TaRtFzSPcWSft1SSZi+yJMm15d6aaXa+05UTY9PD42NunAKO8XxI/vpJVLjPEcZGwT1M9ce8eRT7iwCrSPbPZINQd+I9xXkbwa9ENj0WY4skA5krOXY718/H71C0l8O5KfnAiDxcekAkkC/jbECHlpaCZEw5baw9abKXRVszzajMpxaVswkLZBBm/yeFxoWz8duLzcg781BQmG1CmjhbnCYMnNOLErxdFM+UU28i5eFPkZTBS/oL2Zxc2EdNx1PvAQEao35bQX7mlBDrjQGcofYOLp41sATnlOEmpLrEbIXi9E4OaPsJnJHyUT2Ra8qUKymfJyc6N6j8f8yR+/38HMMr7Fd/psLP49VU7Bz3EYSMANMi6ORdRI0DEo2yaLGoLmk+ucygHQmO37N7hhjYwyuMN4asR4mhO5qYoEyEXQgoshMwnbbUjPYiYBzVEr09jNRrMyHAp5CMPwQWp6S79OAr1iz+VfHsv4U6HF4lfKfD1to7YRsRxN4pWvAxcbQgQnponMwPYoo5ihpUUeE9u4blzOIey5Zh7OpGaGqJ3e6rpDuNbmCcP0ggFripDo6OVnAbprYYij74+ClrsUDC12oLwzjLNJVHHzbFsT8+siJc/fYZysTuxCIOCmsHeYMzWtLYiDGeAmJhG+SFAndldboFBVcMq0AcPQ/MuS0UeOAYeWAIB3HbMPVW4pqYG9ayZRzemvpq/P/X4i0YygO3Ej1KOk7YKCpkhedEEz2g3IHOg6E6qC5+b1l93jHFNPhv71qqCVS4ORb36r9laWlp9L7iXXDgXwVptUOF166wGNIsD6OOhsqVrUSjyYRV0FA9dxOpiQmqDMlfcZd9ycJtbApy/cwf0ph4uzKMs/VnjkaEhSkEwB3OtB3VSilk0Vjm5SbMxEcJHuhsWNtmld4xxW62kpESVikmWxbWrHEI91Z2zTpgGbhULiBXBwfc0JICYdqMAEmP9YTqd2Mwkkzo87kkpSIeQAw9IfPgaxYduqcLzMzMzDxfu3//qEZeshoaOtFdR+EzBy0lSNYpZEPIZzHLELORzyfLpLNP6z7FgTWJn6igQb058uWofcOk/0YPB9MXgiSR867FBg0utXmYtGkcndJPoj+jRTx8dHb3IJjU7wrQ1MkW5p16y+7LEz8/HZ8fBbe4A8AzExPuM8INVGPAePvrsSCN35toZXxmlbD0VNtJeLNBQxEfmKbPcQoo2N8mqC3qpHVtxuVJ8q98MWxqc4HFMVGBZAjFEo1mXY7fLAmal4Tr6epAZpTd29abDIZhU8ItP9j20M6//1u7YDJ/dOz7+8OD7Bxjl33bh6Nozv2zbcPRCmz974fmZxkbAQ7mlCi+Ekw6kHCR+0Ulme6I2kyIWRUsLwevqwucq0MMYUDrvcuJn5dFV/9V/9GLkMDDwWmcz3HpgIE9iRsu9ZOpZRfjosCObzShPFAlGNTuipGNrx9MgZd7Ouv7DfExhx7HfuwHAM1eOXvBYu/HSqbaNF7yv/G7tmd+cvS+wa68KqUK9oKyZ6PGU1sRgdHSO3Ej4ZvNbWiyjgOe4ik9UFV+QUNDBW8G+QeJ7x+XExd4KGynu6eZNGKEJFGZAKIRJzJxVkLcYI1y839lhSlWpVCX0J5WJ7wFjj05SePi4CPC79w5QaGv6b1i7z5+3Nc+fbfsR7HgOurmz+fTr1yPYa3j2HFsNWFEqn7UoFJPYlLs5RvDIXxQUdJjiI9OTG3yfBPn6pmA+Eq/yHQBrW13jhJ1EkmdArAZ5d6ZCpx/3JGkjXB0dZE4Fa4qZrQTcr2jI+yCvP/aWC+Af3zvAU1c27/PY7HHhfNv+fZuvwAp6/BjSHELoOl8/swFdhY3gDWpyNDlJ8sTE8vJ8xSSbqCwVwTN1mJgdweNJ0uJDeMUNQPiOY+QvsAwhjBPuPR0YaEMLWWM0a9VSnd6RXWLaCmlOS05LixQmU3lWC4ekiusJ4IFlgG7gRDa2+Z/3977Utj/qbJsw2lHR+ZrYVdQSuWfPn1dXYxHEapVjx5C8hnS067ojIguBiike7Hh+WakkdDF7cit5RaE+BifwglZ1IlE/EL9mHieEAPbUkgL3JRlkxK/LwZc+MKf6BCOqvg3JRDE1NT4V/PCfauT1ZxzuD83wIYDbtrlHGPO2pHh8V8HoBqs1GivQJSVROiqTlecTvUms/pLJM5nIWyQrlQ3K5OSYQ8V5uYROnKrfSb/LBcHVvfAPIj+kNqICJ2ZadCj3JZieNjwhcPSUKTCmRFEJ44qDojs/yDveP1DoF4urbgfdMw6sHSSpg9gxOa1Mps2nJ5U6xsnwOWD04tPTknGFIiYmJrceOxz19djo4JdbyQjzSKdX8yJR34rj/LvKTnMIQwpsNpZntkxeB7803yDlIXzk3DyyBmxPgwSz6rzJf/njwlD3DaQ9vgc62Dsto5NOOsanL/Km/82rKhUFKkSvuBh7CPX1fEhGWCnC6z9+XFKXizWZ+uSg1XX4n07/gRmulQo8NzxWUsAHy/hQD0kyWYPiFCc8X9dBzMKBwlBO5ba4Yyq38XstloG1FmLnmHYOTDm++SZCpUpNjSR6ycUxebjB85FEUljIm2wZsRkZxFA8c0wEGWDK31cRQMF/CAYwsGJZgS/ezIoviPRNOVSPr4HLGqT4Lj/6q/q6n527VeiTsYNE0D0lcNYiJblDTQrnJRCEqVLTyR+mPU1PLi7Og9RJPsr4H3PnFtN0nsXxoAQ0VaZCMy462DBtYRFBLr0tV0GgFEIpZQoU0qJQFpSLIrEtNlEGZMrNQcNloCDOBsWpAUGCIARNYOsDAYIvG140m53Zzczu+kDMPM7DnnN+fwoz6/v0V00gvsiHc/tdzvcoHS43tVGWTk+7uYZKxzAncYcAhVm2j5vgh/uMHwZA9gpTChlYl9DejReWdiHxiygp4aJBc8U+gAi3JPNAqaNArPHO80D/Yw/DJ5YnzVAjg9GpER2Qe5eHLUMGgwzhKRUu0iFzwI4KrRA7eoexJVAx61Si0iL4GVpgvuk/H9mMxO/032T8MACyDIIObIycnCu04fQgA1qwFQzc2kxJvYjzXwyF4N6JYYmZd5wOJZ8v4Hvlacy/J7dWV8Du1KnILq+igsgZINjBD6XkAbxpl4JfAD+AmFs8MV8poRionJGQSmVYSZJQFRf8MYI7J+7vBUDagwwNWcbK0hM2zGSAWKpEMMnGYSvyayCAQlUW7BGTAGOFLKIks9zpUor5XnmpdOwVqpmoMVeA2ckM1sRMq1XJ5zlc5LJulwJlBPl8VDIo4OQgUF2Qp8TmVEUpA2iwo5Z08tRvCcbvQAWz58AQAWETXFwn1/W0LD7Xp6bkB9jRALnhDzj3AX8XABBlo0wdyVAhCu1Fzc3W8mm3t15rbtnULFXIEsHsrHziBnFu1sVTgKmJkZ1CzGmRoIagWEnSGnwe5uJSMEEAKFMJ800pVQfn/vGrY/0fPlDXHQPYjx7c15d76K5fGXjw8kqhzZT3lhqurXuDMyIgiQhV75JxOgmsjvx8u6pC1pwocTkdVm98mfBmy05VChYoBQ43Cd15lO408EHJRYWCr9Fo+HxSxFGQpgt8gODwLI/U8isCwIOTC/Xm9sr33zMrjK8O+sAOEAI9FthfH9qXW1PsF3PcGIUh0AOQspEEu/+bKyCfv+sIphYmm82UYlLnJ9mL4L+nKJ31Shd2GrBKgRjumC6ddXDkFKS2iLKVAE/BE4hEolic0CoS0aRRgQAJ8pV3hl0uBNhc8TbLBga4uhwV7ltW9/PO+533Hx78tx+7Fk/vPuS/TwDXpTXyXwFEFy6xQk2ZSSGwCOpA4BdsUldFF9LRj60jGXbf8Cu2ul54I8BpKI8l5RrUraRoh94K6BRADgmiBq3I4VGkc4TECkjWCggWiAkgZOHEJOG7FBQrr0zQ6dL87v7yC+pRUNfnaU9b2M1+5sI1GR6AEAMpiYQ146YGv0iEeijPhkOaqFNzampKX5iaagOEUI5mTnslwPLyAlfpNK8A6Gn4aHJkcCJSndWiEp1WqxWRiK8Iv7slCkFdNQGYoLh82OXAcQMylV0djFK9lUbfGD+59FAj8Os/0YmNiexdDevFwTIaY2CMrzFqeUWvDo5TCbNKqPyLoMZ/2FQLs/KDg9XYZr2yZTZDYb+1MoeHGfl5FQavfB/onoU6BaxJrNRgtOOJQrQOh5YIalGIG6U4Y2NpSjp8EwvG6IgFggKlpAAAuhUHMhsaioR5HaSWH55e1tpafKixr/c6Nb1j3+KVK3jKzaIglDGYhdPS2ytpighTnvYsA/Czx6UEo7LtinlyEV+mszuEOdwX2b0S4F+VfKZ5LBAoFEhPiwqmsUvsz75FwrCxXSIc9g0mKEaAmIVRrFwVl1Klf7XYsoYOfCh3vfd6bz91He++kLuK7WGd2NC5MCRtbe3RJeDT044UbgodrrAGWZaHn/5V98Y9fFFtxLsEvMVaiU790Tsfmf8EKRaFjhUCCHZACKiNb84M7q5szxp0jmu1S10ht26F8DQKHgC8I3FiCCxSZdlshXPmyHDfmLqMoaEHfRD/SHThE8/Cp8HgxKNtGATxKCGqe46pjwXgGKawMBQ5EQI/E/jvQRy+FJlgXEunxq8eIx6Kd6/+4J0A/8X0ocH4wPaA3tkZYDWzeZZbIyPj9Bk5C/8wCHbYpb3lEIEPg9sP89wHMpth98oMMEFXa2ktrmkMHX2E/Djz221ixJc2/b31oXSWkG6MmlgFH8YpJLDZMCTKipJg/2F/Z8LZQTj6EB8VpveU0VFHj27NmLC4Wu0FAINQF7e6Kcj/cFMTN1vzbyzTakUQ6sY3B7MHNxHXDbZG8DMyvrtmssfBBsEEEaCSjyHQCikEDXClu9KYnlZ3FwJgWz3u34jfFXpj/dUV1tZ+6SX48IOa3DE5BMF2fPsCaSRg7wRVBfZng3L84QaNjkSJLr+LfnV1lrSy2p7a917QaONz+zZUAj4nc3yavnm8OxqSR6MvYrtGnERvBAeInD2Lf9miaSLAEgluZi9pIQxCIhZI+AXlzmFJCWxe0QDNGwnpMXXyIekCJBCoXy5R1ztT/fgLvbb+PDCw88Ro7/qQdAz3cpXdbBq2cO8EFQvoKr0eR7+uHaeX561yek7dOtaaJv/eCwDmNF34g7//Yf8jj588exqEj6cA4E9gaRD0srNnTgE9nLzCxthcw7WfIyIcdGqXYhlAsUThPmCNkNmzbMmFq8uV7T1ycuD6tv7O09jJTl3vbH135ZO/f34OAD5qW5eCBep0CZFmPQRBW5Zw7/xUHQzbmYPPl+8x3eSLloxc9pJVWpxh0Q38vgAv5OTkfJrz5ZMcut0MOvztMfiKRGifgOENzly7McJm1yC7L9gUIFwEklE8dWN8fCR7CXxYBPUO5BA3/05iQxE4XhXU0OFggHdrGvsejUIADCR+e906f8YWCQQ4CgDBAtN1LZUEkIIgt2A7DdsZvbmy0nhcl3YRn8QdqpFKc6XYTDH08+/c7np4YGCg+umRTx8HPXnyzKf6yyAESBYY3+WZ+8PmJ3GjvI4e5UZRAUUcp4QDlcbHs0e0BFAMVYxz2Nogs+fZ1IVbEy26stZdB750mlQ/9nU7UaM7unB978IQKwQ3XqF+1j6AsJ1O6Yg+uDJ5L0F3HJ8USulF6zquhcaFH72hX/jbk0+rL/j43D7p03TyaRAXA/3fXDtF7srgEbrdSXI4DO0yxxAJQh7ZRIAKhViTyXMPG5gBzpkrjbq0MXBgqGBesgB4dR8/7PGEJHLuPiSRxpq7dbgVgUo62rTfhe3Mg1cn7oX76uR/suSibg8pH8EKrRnwFhHa+P2jNQngPz9DS+MMDxeNMzxzZpuDCAy/oJFoaIIEMETB0/Albo0EDbAjtdDcjhkkA/hhBcOkPPZ3231FSgsYAh+BB1sstbsyyClxnisQqAFZCJyICj9e23oxo4ZJv6FY1/Xr12PivVj2ZN4zvXB7+zUN0vTM0zzDGKIVfgYmeIMDyBcUiCXOO9aGCnt+R+HqZMtarUUula5DBdN5jvh9t48f9Sjig9deNECqoyOXYStnCo6DJCwMUKnoGhg2ITYPwLpiprw1Wt/bj321O/5eLLxzhOZnMmYvXm+DPc7Pg0Ue3X6BDLdpKiQQvIYAB08hQCgDabywAfilTj3cCE9HB4YtCATAwF3ZKE8GuUpaKTfBgTECtqbp2lsmXumjbSlxWW9JvA3LaCFmYUgiEAPDfT0A4TfC1oA3A2wCds9ev97ePnp5fp4GCuMfmioMDGks7h8vcwCzx5dCHCIIgQVufmZzkV1tK3yOGWQMHbi+DQLgb/mxABgIG7n6tvVcqdxSu9ay+FAfnZwSl/TWXiTDc6yGRNjIBeR34AxYc2SCTidHFwaAo/is8GVn5wdvVi7yr/56nsD9/5rHyeovkCCYIPjwDShjurQiHk7WdJYbSpLyOqqmzC3GHrlFKl1ABw6EBML4cT3GVMKwADgaCg6MV5qLD6eik01xdtjFNXAXwig3i9PGcYRfJJ6KWaSwqQmtZw+TAtGDvVj+7s3581+fP3/yf9SdXUyTaRbH04tJQ4qZIoSQkZI6LYM7Fy2F0jYtbCVSBNpa0A0fBdY3DSOLRBG70iroCgW7FvxIBxgGcPioFYtGmKqDfKnQ6mjYMm1okEhishmT3Yu92qu53HOep0Xc0WvLG4RwZfj1/z8f73nf8xy4Si7fVZ8Pf0aOVj+ORwujBFPxYMh+kkOSFFy7N/1sTqvBCiWM8nDmD9epgTEARte+Rd9yb8I1FRgA9zaDgTMPZ3ThK0jALxcH5yqVxWKpqvzDV6pyPOrZKoKIgF01dIXSFaLAG/t3f90X2wATffQi7Hw+Z/SXq0SEx79DCRKArn6xhFeaJOdwy4xllrOmQqv6Qd3FrsaOggHtt8MRA1/CbRV0axS+tEheOdl/+QsIgFJtS35Pxj9uPhBZ/551ECeWFs0VMtJMt6i+Olt+sDXrj2psq/G+jmzgLyN7bcME4G8xvoCxPp5gcyY74SveGbkiMvwp9dkjero6Ho07RwUolE8drcxpzQIBziqxBBwAA/cSA0MDt7UvZbyNvLX4JQjQNvxt80BBR2PXxboltdVqOFiuOmk5+n2Z3Ts15benf3/UcvZkeWtr1p/VRx4uXOw6jDcmtCugagRIHBzLS2iDnSXRKyVlj88ZjAecTieIEDW467sIwHPi/jkJpBAOVzMl10QF+LK6o4CU0MTAWMDgxp5wOEzXV1CA0IOMDFT8kNmjXHh4JM+qby0/q9JcsePYXqGQe4xGzhWN6mRObmsW1JWPF7Auwnvbe93uL3ovfP1rrANMjE8m2otH+fn2dJb4gkFESCV4nAJMEw9NBySlVIDG9Mqc3Ky8I3gbMB8yyIrbDX8oBEDkt1YzXjP/ZgM3lkUBYg8yIJP11M52H1Fb9RD+LEcVg/6ydA05Kixd4R/kgAghG2dZgeAtJXwsMunAyF4cTv1WH+sA43QscgXhX0IwyIpP6XQiQd87gKnkeHqXA2sYrsJ4yFJp0lvVS90gQMwg0ANHDdy2Nj6+Fgqtr6/Oh3Fd1CVogy9cO7Ei1XZU9yi7H6ithlwT8PMOHkoXQj0EFx72p5gy4nlh5bkGq1rUTQgW0Oa697/sWAfIbtfpgKGOgU5Z95aVwNI57wNBNPF2gOIiCU/AwRTsT4e/tLhYVNdV29MiG8AS8EYDGvgYrr0cX1td5+MKlTVcHrAF8HpHY+3s4yPWrFbUn9GbLuRGD2DBgapCbvSWaSpNufo8ILigfJnZUSDVztjO9Mb+JvPsekanY8xmhnk7ybCYt8EgE98JgZB4mMTAXakQAgPT6GCSglWqQoNV9HABDNxRIZ1xD4MAiYFx7eUm4cfnb6yHIQje/vzUfgpQ1qO8u6TOI/obtJcJy+RJHPkhOZ3eC7lCrgfPTKwy6YvVosdAsLqFEGyuj30FZveNjiaaGXPipM6cyNKZWUFmz9UgycQHfnr1aNcuzCFD/WI8np4r5IAATYV56qU6arRmYmBawUAADK+/Ifz450OQh6GSJgBnpBWylxndojxDbpXq6JRdIVTgKAvnzwIeD4/vBIRyox8JFhqKRb/cVXZVy2Ra7UrEwTF/smF2dlw7Y+5jmHawMcTBkqDPSWLgs0eQQ0gIdEjAwYcUU1wUIBg4o7ZRJpM2r2AGjgRAYuAnFOCTEO7M2wIoq+6afSzKKzRVaux+8swkR4JTaB6ZpkJ/kwT5xDso16gIwYfdGYRgx687BCDNx0w9EnyrC7I6g04K8NEzcHAqOLifOphrTFeZ9Hki6EF68ltAIsNuEgCBH+79Db/ZoPz486Hxmp/Hxk41NQDAEW1Lddeth+q8whxV+mCZUCE4JBCQczTn5iQSh6RUAB8OyDtp0I4Es4q/WcYPKL9la5HAzjget52p1yWaWSDBEhIDMYe8whCYRhwsAH4ej6aq0AAZWNmT2XJdOuIeXryA/I4R/Y1vhKj8+Pw365iGtwNcWC42FKo0HL8C3+EvtQM3nEJPB4bw2RHMUEKhEG2cYzJAiLg5q2z8FzuGADJ4FlofizXKNuviPgyQbZ5sZxIBYBAARkNgxMEuSWlSEtQwChAgGHi2q5rwO7GNX5gfehPBx18PkV6EALQNj0hbqpV3l/MQoJ8DBubw7A48y3o6EAhMww8XIsQnEIV++B9IKlm6ees/2bEDMDuhpCQBvv8Y3850pkx8BGAc06d7BzDqYMzB/XM8HofD5UxpqvQGNWTgRlmBdMR2ZvEy9W/bz+HxdUzANATOr27SSropAlAGAJeKDSaVxqjgcuS8vzlKA0UBl2toCMf300X9LgePitAzKFdV6YHgg+Vtj65/+qFSSaI5hc1m3b+TOJGQfb+eXT8a/4FD6plRZlLHBOMpQOpgkoOhDRFwhFy/XZWDAsxozIQcee3MtSi/tfCTUCiSP+AKvQ7X1OAGFUwiEYDdD4r1OSrIQiBAAU8iLhpy0UkqCBwQTjuICIVCPAMaNGhQb3/k9dOONVNSUiJjzbg41p2JBPb9PrZ5z48fADjZbjbrdMGJPTQEkiJmm4OFRkuVCQVYW91SoZ05YwN+TZfGxto2Nzci9V8kg9TQ7d2XoA684XaPaClAyCEcP5fLEZQ65orErq3Bszjt3FB/0RCIEG3MIalE/94jw58+Bk5M3EueBHlN3GOlxKd8xMLs9knzJAC8d5WGwGgOxjYEHCz0eDURAeaDgd1uKGCamm5D/fxkdSNavpA2BFrh8TXaCwNA24g2vxHKQARo90ItySuVBPoJv9N0ho9Dq7SiAERCqGiEwkFIVZUxdjxuX3JyHFTL95L72AkTox8DmAgAWUzwjo+EwG0OhhwMxa6RqwIBLoMAiYEhgZz6/PZnbTXzq/OA7fXTp69pF7IRprtEcQNIw+KJa9oKGQVoUnm8uASBBwI8B/alE/w/QZ5HERb1OyhBLvR677+7EyNlTHZ0vPkxgJPtkER0wRSnz0f6uHc5GFOIZ4oKcLYLBThsowHw2Boojv/6+fP5+XmyBxOX6BED4/3U3ZcXoZOrkPVgIwIKJAB5EleR6x2/KEKwcTQQev/vBcadUQdiEtFNsljBEhoCoQ3ZqqIhhQiNnKpyQ/HyXSrAE4sNDafQwJur5/lPcfvWebqEkA8pGFexjmEE3H/D5h4ZoArM0+doPB4uJ0kgEaODTyO547voAP/0aSA4DR+VgMdJku/EQ+pRm0wiw+igk6MAaREDAhRLBJBC3hPgTESAn7Vtbmzwn744H7kiezCpgZu+/Ppy75lrWigDSScHAL0etLAkMD0kFuPEmTwDsQ/6bXwAIm0oUORylPLslridCbDPPGmGKmbiTqQKfAU5GLxV5CAphAhQ/ctCbWaBtNlGBXhsrI2/yn8N/F48xy1SZJnt6hreC8QdPrsbFm3D4OAO0skVF1ZpvHaiQASIDqb89tHpcyolCHL/3cuLOwRgO+RpCIHbcgiEQLyTBQIUeqYsOXr1P29mVOdXaFciJSAKcJ0P/n3+V1wD94KscQSAbcTADfSRGLwdrYx0cn75lgIBYOq+dxcZPyNBh+Pfv1uFtDMAZte3o4ODnSSHHIjkkHP9aRIelGdGe44+65u6W7X5BdqZYTcVIJTQq/yn85QfWQcMUTDEx1uBTU2QQXpP2PCJhMyXyjoR6eSmuNsVuB0gPkSSSuKgsJ69QxXIHv0feecbE0V6x/Hsi8uTkSFxs7iZZIUYlkZfEA/Yogl64UyxWYe9erk2eKIkG6M7AUNERqTZcCQbR4yacIRkIAGse3fi4q5ZFvakIlehKsLRKKtegdBAsEdJr7Yk10t90RdNf79nZmcGXQ6xzR2LkwBhZnd29jPf39/nmRnRhHWInkaDBXudn6VDDnOttLYkr/DGdTDg4mI6DIcC9DyZmAIBjir88E6EA0MQhZVm9Lv1v+vEAbkdp4+X9V8HF3jkw72lWRvT0t5fCjA+H4yO4Gd4M/wkaQE6LCaTKaSm0TQIV3szwAUCwNJr+TN5aMBFB06eoaMgkEODBT8cBA+o8qMSRIDYCTxR/u55OqWo6Tc5HyjtaFrJgQLfz21TAFZQfpPZ2XQOiWLF3iBJXoBEno/FJJZacN8wDcLeSAQt2L5Dh1AAAAo1SURBVN6WXwIGfKdsTxPUcDiMWUUFOP1IFeCpx48fUwkqALtOgADBgC/TKUVlZy/+8p39u7GZhZXcuThAqsDUbLooBDdXxxLdCy5pABJf7G5Ib8WgC3R6setemps/UzhODfhyjTaKVPfp7MAgFeCpx+p95SGReTRY91YDALwEEVidUnTx94W/xnZ077msrJ1QyUV+5Y0DpALUNdgokGRWIGFEqVnpRtMgXJ2hWHB6W1bcgC93dF7CJiAYMBYhEEJQgMCP3lCZAnxS90lVFXjAGjoj4dAHBVdvowCxHU2bWfZbkQcawG0qQEowtXqeJDdAwjSzd1WABgsu7S2ZOXb7BhrwnNJEpaNwX81iDnMfuOENgfGOwKcGRgGgx4MC7IQaBB0gTikqVMZDepVm1q2Wt19SIDXi7GWuykwigMTPLokhYMEowBIqQDDghZqPNX6HB2kSHRfghg0U4DQABBdY/3HNH4pxSlFZwRU6on4QBZiFLvDCLWe7Nx5EdICTqdnNTPIDJH5tPAlcYDVaMAgwnwoQDJg2AXEaDHYBHw4oIUQRIAU4OjT9aMTTVVV+HgVYdPr42QKcUpS3O//Dn0Ad94s0dIHxUrhCjyF0aV7uPmZJBZD4Y8BvUrHgljawYHtbVgkVYNPJjk6dH47BgQDRghV+4AQB4MDsiKehqvxS5W+LoYb7suDine3Ar+TDvSnYzscYfKvlQXsCgKmxZe8Dl1wACeMGDxgXYK49pVsT4ELNpfLMEw2etzzAb+rRlkHInHULpj5waGJqxFOVWX+m8vJPd+yBGm58+zuU3862jZBFYze1XW1mYStBt+DG4PIHm2QACRH7VA+IAkyLaAKsPFNffgLzl5HDyE+tguMWjArUAHbOFR84faig/+L2fYr+KD8cT7rlfPtlAW5bzv2tFYD0gZqMLDBEkJkVARKhMRtymM3UA3bfAwGOj5cVNc1Vni+vQn5PvvrTLPCDKnhUF6ASRIamJqgLrFwoLtpzfOvRz/ft/3nJrr3ngN9O4AcRJBJBD7hUgNvmv/fof3yAosSDhbhC0XCwx+ZeGSBhXNXVGU5vrj3NrgiwHwRYswgG3EUH4R5ObcE2IBqwDpD6QAqw/lLl5QM7DhV8caOQ8rtWujErC+0X+MW70QYBNvrIGgfIuUw2/Gszu1utMtRsQSu7wlv8zU4lB8QqGAV4YK6jHkfh6p58OoWjINhGvW/kZwS42FF8YM/Z/qPb9713ZNfe3u4svClIuv1CbovzMy9tpmr8braaGLKGAbptNhvL+yx4taYclWVXIASKDEdXAkiEGEaQXmzDUAEugADBgD0jh+kUBMrv1CbdAxoAZpaDCyw6tPX6nX37jxyk/NLw8m6IH5EX9DfcyrtX/A4/KkBZFEVLyGS2yX7ChonMuCVcbVoRoMMRTAEDTsEiBD3gs04QYNcnUACD+Q7G+RkEqACcnaiDGNKxcKDoEBVg/q5zpdR803MvRJwZ7Rq/1FQqv8TV71oz4SDP+1wsCYvEzfGv4gMVgsJf420sFOD5zCow4MMTED6msX//Ir8NYxpAiCFNe8q+GC/cf2RXVlsK5XfB64y0e/X4kYryS32lW+qsjas11T/MK6Qx+vKXgyV5x67cySlqqpmrz6yio5iK+aptfMWA6dNxVAUO1TVknq9ZaMrZevFp3nv5taXnwH6B3wNnhjcjA/FR+U0CvtafySRpAK4mDzQsf9wNBgwChBQms6rLM7IFRzE1fqoAx+LPt9IBnizK6T96LK/k4LVuiB9gvi1Or1fBR69LRnyTMYGse4BE/tt1JYJQA94C8dfAT23DaA8Igzzw0bSnIXOxEgBevV24P7+2LS0L9dfSQuUXx4eXgzZaXvVgkxogIX8uaGp6Bgbc4KkbXMpPF6DyhDAKsM7TUL/47GRR2fUbeTO1IMA0ey7lF8c3OXwTK8VmP3lDAJKvv5yDCKLwG4Ty46MBld+msQ0vKxAAZs49U1xgSW1pOhpwmxP50Qvjgd7NyYrNfbFVHGyyAySOv6MDRH56+N1kCCEGgNMawP6jADCtDfl5nRkqv2Gk19fXd9dH3iSAhPn6n/+pm0Z+H0H5q43CvaBA7AcCwK6qzI65ppw7/z42k997LwUM2Fmt8Ju82Yr47jbPO8ibBZAa8rffTY8a5LdEgepD/u6Pjs6OQCVXiQBvA8A2Oxpwi5fyy24drui7Gwsyq/3o9QEQEmvft9/d32Rc1CAyNqZlMRNTUMnVQx6dMz6OFpxmT28HA0Z+w62TjWxQeI2DXScA6QIMDQDjvegxrR04NVHXhXl0Uc7tG3klvaUgwAgIsAIS58nmoPx6H7qeADKOJQwNlRxaMMSQaaUQUQB230tLBw9YXVFR3Twvv/bBrieASjkIDEeNXjBeyI3SIFy+CIXI1qNPZ0oi6fZcLOFi88L/crDrDSAKEXU4ZJSgMiIygDEkcxGzmCtPZ+wRe679QmyeIQ6y7gBaHczShTAJl+VWOwgjQEwxDIhQF0hjSEfHyaKrAPBad+28n8FGxur2/cL/jrV4E1pXlFu68D1cwqWHT7waf4VC/D8My/Pnz7+Bn+f/wqWnJxptkbjQ9+z7lT8y6l57AF86+RYusRw4S8LVvKyqZcltzRgen7Mez3pgUV7kS7xvMeRIvG//ixIkaxDgS2Mg1sQBw5q45g8ICaNLIOF3lQMJ92FJ/JEkIP8fv9cPBtDBLJu3JI4iq1jtYFb3kSQZAa7X5YcBKIascNpZG+9ycWG9UeLmWNAfGwoIlpDBZk2cGWRiDZmJVV+t7oJzETNnCJouDvIlS9gWlEM2M1m6C5GzuRkrJ+qSNMPbicvGsUHO5k4mgJILv7Tsj7oDkj7MI0TdEnwNKSwSzmzTEkd4VdRCGHcw6sdNqtnRXYiSW4KfqHYOZNiFSHyiibe0mnVv6qO7MPeYGBPnkrRTg2/1w2GEWFOPSUgSgG4za3ZJhEU/H5QIEKT6ccFqE08CgM0ckERecOHIvMMEq80hYjPRVwuwSZ0TJMMurMQcJpw1TELaSVCeigqpcECw2myac3OH8DWWAMdaWSJpYOHtvIgnzg+brMkCkGVZl+Sw4vEG8BcbpgDpaqKYXZjl/eYwBQirgSvndhALzhYhcbsUogzANoWIZOYoBVVqsAuTA5wDhqKeOCmHyBM6uhrk4cRF40HX4YK3W4BjSDmZSWTCVl7yWd2C5CNmm8GGwzwvB4JWm+Qz85LuqiA5FsK+Hsnqh03xkaEAz7sDMs+FBUiwNak5wjzntrq/CZstNi6srRZCXMjFum0865N4PcfBt5vMBByhCzYlVRQW/cQv4NPD/aIh72NEGVb74LcjaOjBC6JAfIJFFOkmfRcOH5FFhm427oLxy6JoYUTjBMD/DqgmfQHobH+ghcgNxmLOqVNB15lPLRZmH1IBiNw6I0KEGqYOq2bMaDtwFIwG4GgAjgbgaACOgtEAHA3A0QAcDcBRMBqAowE4GoDDMQABoN79neB9XKEAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Tricontour Smooth User

![Trigradient
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Trigradient Demo

![Tripcolor
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tripcolor Demo

![Triplot
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Triplot Demo

![Axes
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Demo

![Controlling view limits using margins and
sticky_edges](data:image/png;base64,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)

Controlling view limits using margins and sticky_edges

![Resizing axes with constrained
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with constrained layout

![Resizing axes with tight
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with tight layout

![Figure labels: suptitle, supxlabel,
supylabel](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure labels: suptitle, supxlabel, supylabel

![Invert
Axes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Invert Axes

![Secondary
Axis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Secondary Axis

![Figure
subfigures](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure subfigures

![Creating multiple subplots using
``plt.subplots``](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating multiple subplots using plt.subplots

![Box plots with custom fill
colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Box plots with custom fill colors

![Plot a confidence ellipse of a two-dimensional
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot a confidence ellipse of a two-dimensional dataset

![Violin plot
customization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Violin plot customization

![Different ways of specifying error
bars](data:image/png;base64,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)

Different ways of specifying error bars

![Including upper and lower limits in error
bars](data:image/png;base64,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)

Including upper and lower limits in error bars

![Hexagonal binned
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hexagonal binned plot

![Using histograms to plot a cumulative
distribution](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using histograms to plot a cumulative distribution

![Some features of the histogram \(hist\)
function](data:image/png;base64,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)

Some features of the histogram (hist) function

![The histogram \(hist\) function with multiple data
sets](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEwA/wDc3NySkpL9/f0soCz/AAD///8fd7T/fw2AgICrq6uhoaGTk5PLy8v+///Q0NDBwcHb29uwsLCcnJz3+PnTtY0WcrH19fXQtIq7u7wceLj/fQr7+/u0s7MD/wPo6Oj/fwgknSTaspIWd7rYoHzGxsbl7/fi4eL/zc3t7e1xcXHY2Njr6+vz8/O+2OrV1dV0dHTf3+Dl5eX6//skerbWt5Lo5OB5eXlBjL8onyj/8/KJiYn//PeNjo0fTGwb9hL/FhaMy40g/yC0v3iXl5e+vr5O/07v7+/4fxL4IRoooSz4+/3Ozs6F/4X/m5v/ewWam5r/9u5dt12lpaU5eKEjoSye1Z+2traPzF98fHz27eCGh4b4GxXS69C5ubltvm//48r/w47d5udeeYWMu9v4/fjp9ultbW1VVVUveKhencpaWlqCs9ViYmIVdLbzgBU8nSo4hrza/9qoqKhJSUhDqkM/Pz9mZmbv+O9zdW3sghJA6SpqpM1eXl7/2bf/nUX8zqKen57/Pj5RUVDu7u7/iSD+CAaDg4L/tnX/6dXc6vTSvJTx8fGjx+DtrmVqamrYgSAyg7rV5fGp2Kno3eiBxoDLfjVTmiV8bVZB/0E6pztqlyS/48A4pDl+fn7+qFqv26+EhITG5sZ5enEPkQ6BgoHg8eCwsrXFhhKSXjC64Lhm/2b/YmLk/+Ty+vK9WAJQeI7t4tOawt7xPC9h3UH/iIjx3Lz+jCcuLi49TFfQqliSEBAXchfuu3tdg1dvYRafjhus/6wbTXGXpEoMba+krbMjgpLKuYPuxZCDqbywz+VUmMbghmn/c3P/egELU4ab/ph2q9BZkVrcxaeHRjoIT4CRLSy337c0pDJ+lZr/LS1gjaL/NTU3fSWyfEiSXl7/lJTj48vB/8ErPUv5rqeWt8GQeWxslWwYRWWRBgaQHhtonbf/dgD/VVXpY0yQvG/loUryexKWXy5JzED/nHisoUGAnbAzZoPhbjmgWwz/jy5m6FD/kCqPsl2toa0KD9vqAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAG1lJREFUeNrs3F9M2/gBB/AjMfyAOLHzxyxAnbq0Z6VnO0ochiII0XG95NJ2aUvJuiwwhYeKJSzKtdcE6G6LThxd0UQkuoe7iU5jiiakarRVT9ut1Z7Wl97LXVWJl9vEQ1f1tfvzsJdt0n52/jJCCCF/nM7fRii13cZ8/Pv59/v5Z+eNN/IBcirNGyUju8iAMqAMKAPKaSQgZtlrDSmsQSyY+BcjWXojgmjor41ld0fcP+NhPr9mgNwCsscaVkn4ALWakVvWlN4ooK47Gln00UQslX+vsMEfLlOzAamoggXA7rsBLBRroXwULHV2wN3AKIsdT/gUMZ1O2MxBAwqHR5s1UxjQsYCkzHB5yup31VeP81F8grZwONwvI242RiwWM+CtCCCt9Cpcn0atFmCx6gBGmfnmlMB5WxQlncEYF5hf1sfWDfAwL6RiQd6Gr4cepfF5R0Q4yA6Nb9XBEO5oOEEamLAhBZcHjEkmUV9ARTK4qH0U5N3rSdYbY5xckg/3mcKMk3AsJJNwg6kEk7T0BWNxMrEQbw5ggqMihCIUCQUWgCfqE84xadWqTaW2OqgkoBJGjU0EDKcD831RL5XgEyp/QpEgNI6ADbicdQXULGmQVBQB5r6w2z8Fj20i6iGXDPp5bRTQUbjBugswAULrjhoTiiZV4QhJRukkGtUHlgHwMDZ4ztMn1c6oxuqwRwEVQ6wM3CxIJ11xPRsljVHrfDzugatwh2oKxOsLCGgbQ8G9iBrCSjUKz4fz8yyRWIwH6AXAxuD6bj883OtpdySV5JrUiDxCXQ46SSdUpiBg+wIR2LaZH4X8j1I+5q0lWhclceFcY9MsOjSh1MK4Yd6yitK0PQJ8Yd1SaGm5rn7mgGfJHPH4InQ0bY2EtDfgG2tQqfG8FdE7loQDC3eBjenViVS0SYBGFHVymN/lt7J9gHc5caGtc1P8OLAHQGCZVSGUcA4Mmcn4MkpwyvEIySnTHksc2E2gb8pP1xWQck1pgGeDDzjhB3k2/EY/hquM42k9Zl326+EGWv+UB1jTfhURt7RCR9oXD3Zjcke6+vCLKuP/40gEIWsUYTBQ+dZI2UEF2ZxUA4ivbnQ3IRtMmWECv9CcfbKhVQB6/E053Ai9WOZs6m7OPrHKKgC1quacZzTo3utwQ3P2SaduGCA5Su61hqsgxhoDYvev38/k+v2WACS3erb26p15CcK43x87UVvA63O3s/l6uiUAkZXeLzY3n5VaQ1U0xDHWGPCXw9kMTLRGFV7pebetba0kIIacLM7ojtVoql6A7ZkMtEYJxCDg0bb3SgOOjHUU5aSwNIXTuj4OsNowJwOCk9vb228OVQh4UwSkl1DGYMPD6JJXBgQnoUvFgB0/FQGV2ogyPR4Hq3IJrADw5q4qTLt0jM+nsWkTN2TAYsDRz796vgtw9PnnRRkRlto1QOMOYSHURMiAxYCwsP15F2BzujEtCjgmNcDhuel8PhmUAQ8M2D48kM/tmVYBxDDs0IDCyRHL3uNwGMBChudaBRBZO7U2WDQS+aw4IgnH7gNIjjOLAPDOoLYVAGk3D4DZ4E/VBHB0dOZU26kiQHKotygXxRHcUiiwaLfoUXoPQJ3NyJgBycXFuXirtAH5cB9jBJRVPV4LwDMrQytv7wRc6e0pAIpHKeSgPGqHYole3aMfqHGCNA53ZkEP+zxKZlzSgCE3cJgBMMVgddE5Y4cF7Onp3Q1YyMVMmecc6ii7Ln5wKUDe5mVYr5HEGVidqT5pl0CPEtgoeNY2wepCpky1B9xRhcUSaA2jYTRiDQLbHoAIyuh9AWt3kG6BcyDHuJxa2udPozWpwrsAscniZC5naXw+mrUogGLPkYg4S0cevhvTiEaEogmO42grqA8g7NUgGJIN1uh+YMt1Y0oANqojPTiTy/elDzg6MjICwLVz515IB3D69lwu7e1SBzw/NrYNwOO2tnPVABIpDqk94MRAbiZkuAUAOzrOXLxYCSAY3CzOPbENceFkPQDby0VygN/rPf7dSgBnjrYV5ZrYD3SqKOeU36AkrU6DUQbcB/DUbsAphy7CR/B1zep4TF8HwEv5nH1NAYMs7EUb1aGoPmSuA+AvCnkdAI8W5VpmqNstjOMsbto/JVzJqDHg2aunu450HRFeR+5canVADLtXnMFMK5wivcCLWQjA82QdAK905fIaADasH/iaAgIZ8DCAGMWl9o23Nndn7QGYT0sCAjLl3T8EqBvgraIGebAVASvN/wCaVXZYs00e8rCAhRx5OFonQByFO8v7Q6R0AL2Mn7EAXO9CDzAn0ixAc1hvI4DP4xTpaEkA+tJgXbg+qRIeCOVN45IGDLkzV9bVJuGhXoNkAFl4NNPw7Ei5HdIGzM6J6N1CaVy0SaUKOzS0JhHgW6AKU4x7mfbpsztbwyqM/H5ra7LKRoRXUZRCp1LhtWxEQJ0aEXPIYqfYUAawho2IMB1XLWB13ZizmVwqCdj14cTExLT4mninJboxyErv8X+vrd1rFODfb925lX0dKwk4PDA8kHlNtwDg6OjIUO/xH2UvYDUC8KMLXcey6SoJmL+y1RKAr8bOvNkDAY82ErBsWgzwY7hUBjwU4E0ZUAaUAWVAGVAGlAFlwCzgpexYTwasDvDnuVz9mwxYFvD0p/ncyozrdg7wnv5KBiwL+OHsif7+TuF14kHB8tM84IUaA4o3KpOYlADFSSVLwFcd4JXZ/s5s+k/kM3u6PoCEi4FoigW3hAAzk0qciwEHuCJdXALzgIX0f7tOgJp1Y5gDhHYKvjfyfkkAZieVzOvgAHMizQIMjIvPu/iE75fk1WHJALIQsBscYFbuo6e5y4FXGgroC3rD5hSgN5D95kTO3717HoDHm5vnGlCFHRotiUbwfarwzDuf5LPx61xsnZ0NBCTdTJ9Wy4Wjpv3OgXc7bn48ObkpfENMvRsRYVJJR+hV+z2pdP/rwvPATwrtRUMBARDaXwzJPBxUHrDjtyvHf9cIwEq7MfdvFx6tftLfWS51BKy0HyhtwHYZUAZsBmDuAsHZszJgNYBzV/PZFzA/6/lUBszl4sPT+Tw4UR5w1pbr5vwQlQFzgD85kquXx/YBLBoWv/8DGbAKwEK+8ePWAny+vf1y8rP31tZeSASw/8lEPtOI9AG/6uj4sueLt9vaHksEsPNJYfwy1yKAK/UBHHn4jyu5HKQEFj380ADAmREjIlFA4oPZfCouf539D/6Yzz8bAPiX3p5JiQIiP3u/P5fKAU9cPpLLhX/VGRA5+erVlz29kgJEvlP4TrtvdlaR/su5LvWxC/+pASBWrgRCqr+u9PzmxYtrDQXEypXAP9zJZ7a/GsDZy/n86dCApJsJAGAPOkrfI/1SABTuND3XQEAEZeIAeDds1pKARROYVQEW96k/+NZgLlj1V6RvAGWATotXpPXiLzAygoDRZ8+e3dsbcGxoB2Cb8B2qY3DpUA8EBOINlkPCv7uXAewVASefP3+5tQX/4xfCZxQ9d4Dv/O4sxvtf9s4lxHHkDMAgCWppPWxZFiMcJEQOGmFJHj0YVgsaLQzI+LA6eHFY4Zh4d+cwdmIMCTZ2Lg4xHugNMZgkM9CHxIl3pyckh5x7acghWQjs3sIwc1r2Ntnd4x5yTEru9qNnRp5uP7p7ZvzTj3JJVSp//FX1/1Vl/xUZEAXdHq9IH127MZX//mAq17+3ovz4n1P51+wJR1uDp4vmcLQnMkyIdrgnorQ9FPW+evRo75O9+/fv/8f76vDw4d7el/fv/9t7eHj4aJz8aZj77d7e38PcJ4eHh3t7e2Gu+22YC5PfR8lH41x4cwmW++bh3nFt3xwn/xA+4+Ene7skijooStrzAGNH397mSpwy3lTqwDaRT/4yke8+/cdU3v767QXy9SmufTqV3nfTRzyBzSKHpwNI7XAVmXOz1D4AHIKYCBTz1i3TNO/evWuGyVvjpIwoepiUYTpxlCvPbpD/591FkFuTck8lC3n5qdruHj8DPkxth488EScq/P5ANUPgCTvcVDpu00zkN2dixN+MlMCJvjYtKM9kUv+tP4/Gj8yddl9YyGYt21CfO4bPDQxuZpr37OfQpQUhaWJ0+emc2Kxm7Nl4c3xeKVBCuqhQ80WmMn8r2o9+rl5Y4Ok+p+C0+pMFT3EyIYYBnn+hc60tCnyU6S97Mfa8KG/jNmEvbhPQFtzD5tZScBtfeEVZH8C0kIqK0Ytls9FfL2Ey1KJqfXWVtxfHI4vT5Ugti0mMvGgli9oIQJ1Bow4J4KURE1mOFmw6ula5iq7Ajw+CSkSw29TQjfRvWFyoRMc37LeVdQPkLVkWARC8iOu2jAwXFHey0eOjhy8bdCoHZ044uhoRAB0/bSwYl6MB8l3BWTdA0XUcL+bvZ5YCiHvR11L1SrW/HMCs4zhSDI2a/xcCzOxHDytqrdiUN9GF/aYQFZkXdxZ0YaJKR39/DCcTRX6FPjwcSNwSXbi+70fGXGflcpvdBEAEZ/yoSSS1YBKhcHxRTG7NXIEfVmbw3NknEZ5hhAWhPzl1a8ZcRjNmC3ALcAtwC3ALcAtwC/DCAWLxaNMXmTOvuJSq8zqvTvwXVuXVNQWuF62MDsRyX82exQrPnXAE4pnzBMjOLTKyvfTMBzlpj4rK3GvHprtcJzPQj19bdb6orwdggbQI0Cb1WuMZgJlG9LLGCd8ub50bQCkvxQ9Ii0pmoaeYLHM1Tg0P0PvJlHxQUlm8kGGz5Ubo/hQ8QGd4mqfprmi2SjLF1TMVNSZ0RSB2GwMguOvA5xOlfM6nDwpOkwZB1wJ0KoCt6LOpVIGlD5Ia9G+IQk5rEGlA04SWwvl0FhcAbQMzOV4e15MBRuWYZNIHqaQJzC7DbRBgvMqU9VZDE5h61qwm8Tsduh4PF6Jwxmrm5SGJ2uIBaoQfdjIk0DHZGtc03IrYJP12CBDxdol2uu0aPWDWsdX5qb1uM69X4i2B7Pn5HaKeayr0Pkoa2gFpkPEWA527AYpbKo4afM8uNbt1XD+Af6ii1m6EHybSejjDtnVaaOG4XejIHQJPbxAgUvUsrsYD2q2heQ+Oga1W6L9qHTcB2qLWGu03kSqfqcIxZeCDtszWuZoKOmwFsQYQoKI3baeZrYFEB2g1dnWAhAM8TzfYDkbZoGk4Lb1j9lujXdgKoFdy9fCeHSMLRG/UvNNBtCYoD/UOiLepfaHpDmA/znQcFQxU0BiCquI2JWXB4sw6unAOr8o1qHF+ySHC0EG92nic4YKeWRfTTR+xrB6rVWEvMGjQNtkqV0+wdTj4yUcAqylETsA3VwNmew0aWNgHLgTI1VjJiFUDRM7ULa3pJyyrBuJKunO0hFHH7aTf0+oyzA2G8NnUAAJsI0i4CcOWe0gF8Qc8qOGIyWJ0T9ogQHUfrWsdx6+hvZFW3fXSVasN+4FcImuaYSCOghJia6ce7uTjJEjWd1psR2VrmbYut8NJBCm0UZRTjHYPMOgahkC5N2p5usJVWVoBjTrq5jomcCooYVVBfMD2UIgIRespVxm1tI4Mc4Ni4sCppiS7Xy85NJzrRmRNHugtw4sLHdIRHbLmbxAgR5c1YAlpOaXKQAx8Ph7LQZVnpcACWiADqWxaNYoOLRRNgVOIr/I6h4X2CzRc4D8O+IEOjRo9wdvqOiYROaVbmQSmY7kEHKEDHdPhwABbwesgowIkgGOgGsQBm43rrM6yOtCgskkUgLfnyll4ladgs9UMXQ4QoAdxPh4kLtiQtjqT97ZwjOPlF1iY4VHEsIbJ79qEqlxuTyQmrqUaaVQ0C4oHGMXlU8oos74G8tq5AGTHZxqWkaULHskxKlZ0PZsrSgo3oo2cW54d7VhVzLPXklsCoBQeLjp/mR0uwtvdEvCIISh0bYAXpoeLLqBNpzxcdFKyzMU47JPjbf0YYxs5m1JyO5IhOqmx00BcTJvkZQCePa7cmob4Y0jCcF9mlC4IFJKnFXfsXsWTF9Om8wnM97fHf5rKj1YHOA4HGZraMTA9v3V2gO9cu/bblwXgx/f+OpH37q0B4PO695kBXn3jsy/OCSArNHKAbmSAVEgvBfD3v5smb9+8JABjV69f+ck5AcTdguvbhKsajWHYY6Qza+B70+SDm5dGA+cAshy7SYBURSnns5idZ0DlDkDc9qsAcF4DsS+uv/XOBgESDdpJpni7i4NKDpqx+AoAb19GDYy9deVnmwRYKOVd3XDzskI6y00il1wDNw0Qk7Is0LM8SBwdPqVftTFw0wBXN2OmAGO3X0cNXCNA8ODeg6lgWw08O0D2vZsTef/xVgPPDjA2i0E/Z15vNfDUAJ/vn2w18OUDuNXArQZuNXCrgVsN3ALcauDroIF8o6Sz5BDBusX4GQB+/Hiyjn/zNddAxhD6gesP6ZFeCfdzTrci/fP3ZztJt9cKUC7r8IUEgE9j41Wiy66B9oDsehJmkwJQNGA1iqcCOL/uElsrwHLD8LPFnYCySw3VcMdvQb3MGugyObuA9228yw44cIciTwnwBUfFV+jCLr1ryvsulbHzZb6CAZEY5i+xBiKGXRYNo9y3jfGRSemiATJorChbO47P2l4KgwA5Hc9fYg0EfQ2AjAgAJ55hFt4cwEaN6uOOi2d383m/SIy3GfRXzw6cA/jDj2byy9UBpgjCjAkMD8o4C+hG/xW1A+cA/uLDdyfywUdbT2QZgADDsBvwByrj1hNZCuCsN18owKuff34Ne/k08IMZwHcvFuC1z65cZ19uDfzjryby64sAeOWN37AvnQZicxp448P/t3d+IW1dcRwHTTkz/65pvBhSE6JIlKb566BZuclDmMGigWa1VaLYaqvGtjEtVKgU1xraorXGFYfbGFusA3XsoSk+rEyydQxLax8Uu8kq0oIPsocWtj1spQ9judfcGxtzbu7VaxLt/V2Vyzk5f/Lxe/7k5Jz762+J2dDjTALcqQokgBIGeh/zCmSvwHXDYC+vwE0qMCsA7ngFIrwCd7wC/cu9vb22tADUKhF5YBCccOu3Og9cr8BHTVGbwH+Y7TPiWoGlp+de5X2UDoAVnePOsVqJNCQXsljO+rOZtJakCrwy7agjLkfdyYlMKLD0dHHRjUSAT3y+Mq4BGiTKXLsLtUpOAK+B8YJqw18tlN1MCpBamBHUNWVGgesARmf2xKO1z84UDnMNMP9jb5cZX/1VAy/KeEm/YSjFemAcIMgAwLcV6D92OK+oGQ/uKXxvgGuAAoPM4zILRRbdmJt5E24YUjEFmHkFbi9AANAKsNeFAItUxXwQYQFwtytwU9MYhFfgFueBvAJ5BfIK5BWYFKDKHVIZ7H0aVBKyCAo8Jl6BLBWosnSiYrHSrpZIhTLMpEOAAJW+0wpE2DZhnWLswHWPXQuslfVANwjKGz9xv4MKHKU+6k2vsASoypVZxgPqKqtIjBI7xnZ3H1jWGjcj9QoBtdjQPPQ9G4ACcZck36zT4vt1qqxm0e7vA42+YdKMZ30xa/UN44+OIK4fWQEEGo1mbb+Ontqvs7sVaAzGww0DA2XENRCkQhGWALc2janZGQDfUuDU+oXUjVjTCvDM0GhLmgFqlK5oDWUqYHKiWwYYJ5kZgPvO/P3qapoBams9TpcZq91rtuemWs5qaydtZaiMtCdTSd9MhgCeP3I17U04EJ2zKqzueuBVgPKAmQagY4Q8DjyyTA4XvgVjNikwJcBTNhvHAJ2NKiy2pK8Ag6YCOEBkpB0/Ehy9gH7WBpI4ydsBCvzsxlUbpwCV17R6Z6ig0mWtbUzRhBFHO3mHA6QdprMDoG0jwNtzN7gFqA2ITUApUgBZ7WCKQSQOEKQCmD4FGhcWpqAAVybaSYA3SYBH7ts47gMZT2ME2ahA3wz1mLFEgHmXL5QcjQHM++/kyN1MA0QcB8nd0AeZKxBsL8DWwkJGAD8vedadcQVOj5Lb8YdmU3ytaewJkla5khUAj3+ZcYBtQw2CmAPoMl8KgDVGyl7mZyPA4WBwIAMAqSUYH3OvILNZCXBqZubJTgG42tTU9M3ab1s2ACQ2O00VFu4QgIJVRx1pNM8z4g7gRHTuQgOw6P7ExERbhgAerInZAAsFrsb383x1ZxsA+pdHR3spgEXfVpeM0AEsvnxhz6EmHKCyudmWVoC2pR7qA/AUY37I6q1e0h59tw0AS+/NvepnA3BPdQkOsPTFkaKb6Z3GvDxVg65ZDcJcga2/XiGN5vDDVgAWz7EDuKbA0hfFeWkAiNyherC6ZQ25gsDGM1frcOzsA+3hh10L8O4/05QtlRFIATtrDVJfmtzaNoDd3e9nHGB50j3SDaPN1Pmt2TLA3gTD8W/tXirZAVTloEkBBn0+43qAeT9//ez3zQD80OFowjf+GjkAqDTr8H0U2gRnBN1L8fe/sCmfevGHCoLgbBNliSpLAlCFeYQ4wQ3OCM7O+Jf6+wn5tPoJgMdLogD9+84czrtdXeKIATx84dBRAD4oPZZHAGwDPf59t4vPP6uOAgz6cYCfl5R8Gs1tZja2BzhBUqwAmiu0dqB3YlanUqm0/0TZ64eUTeJRMHPSRq79Xep6QJm9wL1mAREeJUmy+8BiBkIXqHJW6mRvZ3dvcf5aOPzF06d22fLi/A/h8INIxC77d3H+l3D4TSTyVPZwHg8NRyLPZcrXi9HQ8PNIRO2MpnuDvyASwNP9RoT+IaNyEyW8oQDGCmBVfiPQyGMmom7Ucrk6dsk7qOANph43q6GRVEJ13Ki4WMIkbsIPhIBdC/ar1WO6hLyj6Scn5SI81/oxa/3kJJEfEZpw20HdquXrb/F7+TkylMotbhc75HITG4BYvTvu+xEBINloO07TUrV0jkiSJSQLgCe87jV5CRdMUpivRyRVwbRVRugiVWPULTOAeqwy5TPnXTQ7YjQW7hNqhWujjiYHbLJggQuhi6QD6GIJkDeocQhQvxeqUjQHqjKkIoduM5ehiknJ6KZqpaApWVBuoZtWCDQI5wBRNxaCOCpThDwYrK5VdgyDH5hDL2GpSy7vckLjFJWYEOKZ1eDx2KEEK7CxShqCF68ZtqMJeyEuefNDwJwD7erRS1CNICKJhMF/rtFJWyuIzzhpHzBDPQEiQO+F69Pktg5yClDk8XikQOyGSCk6iRyHul5WYWr4+HJJ0jlIN0b0eTySyj5zbtL3ejFaq3xQIIYoSZYLPHCXj6hQRtMuxB1STgGiCoVC5fboIQDLo1MOPbSikkFoW9GoG8/R+S8URMtFTerO5B0EUSvJ+H5I9hadyQvtYQ1mMbxglVPUpeW+Dww12mFqUQqh7mWv67ACmjGgwsmgaC3cp6nC05gL805dT+M2uNxrr6U7yyxH+WlM1k1jeIA8QB4gD5AHyAPkAfIAMwTwfxiFDScX8hTpAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

The histogram (hist) function with multiple data sets

![Bar of
pie](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar of pie

![Labeling a pie and a
donut](data:image/png;base64,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)

Labeling a pie and a donut

![Polar
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Polar plot

![Using accented text in
matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using accented text in matplotlib

![Scale invariant angle
label](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scale invariant angle label

![Date tick
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Date tick labels

![Custom tick formatter for time
series](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom tick formatter for time series

![Labeling ticks using engineering
notation](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAzFBMVEVHcEzR0dHw8PDGxsbAwMDT09Pt7e3////6+vrk5OT8/Py/v7/m5ubIyMj9/v7+/v+Zwd23t7ejo6Po6OioqKiexN+rzOP2+vy0tLSmyeHC2uvI3u3b29u8vLzX19f6/P6wsLDf6/SsrKz29vaUvtvo8vifn5+61eiixuDt9fnZ6PLLy8uwz+Xy9/uNutnT5fHDw8NppM3g4OC10ufO4u/q6urk7/aDtNaamprNzc2VlZWPj493rNFZmsj09PSFhYX4+Ph8fHzy8vJnZ2edCqD/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAD8lJREFUeNrsnYt2okgQhgcQSo0iYIOggIAKclEBb6BG1H3/d1pM4uzObjIT4mTipf/keERLPPnS3fV3dSvfvv1WweXr20ULA8QALxfgzo8BdKL3dDCv7YDcVoClQd8Bkz8DteZLYHWex7FQfigfX0Uf/jlFHhazzydLtz95K5K9RYCVjFJpyyYrMSHLemLDWk41yvYRbfgZRVsPskFCmdAIgirLGW3JWV3TK/VkT84Fnw+NNAz9BypNkY7qkCY9NjZ0gSC02IgtHTSftgiBTh98jQpXvExp1M0BTHweIWHrh7bNC7YPiF5Zu780ns8Sy96vkLGKgU32a74ZW3a2QpqxF3xBQCyB7JWRJXYPWZa1CtcGAsO2d3piGba1XzetzABkZauEt9E+odFeCA1hzdwawKa/s4VQ69USRNFaaLAhH1oUr5XkFb/iNSOl7IcUNAPx7FawQ0T4KKESmUKMvufDik0YpTAUSppdokPw7XW5ZqOMR0mYtzwdSoJm8JmGEq0m2A8aMh52d5hEyk8DW++/D9f0txq1+sOhGt9OEmmWqI+o/v3m/w+/Fl7/2eH/5bNXAzClyQsUv7sagETlEj1gCQPEAL9GXgsDPEuciwGeB3CEAZ4HEHfhs9TlWAzwHLU4nIXP0kjEAM9Rw8UAz9NiiAGe1QJNCQM8S5MAAzxLM+eKAPZoku4BfVEA2+0rAqhmyKB6/EUBdDpXBFBPLJRu5YsCOJ1dEcBqs9ysXlIX7gJIHk4iH1d/BIqJAX5oCuwCC93HBQwHGGARSYuX3KFA4LUePRBdDLCAOtFLzuiPYekMos6pHIgBvq/00u+8+OZlHzaKN54C18UAC3iWzkKCdo6sNeZgOWwHSuOlnooBvsu19FuuCJF7rMGIo74YzMRTPRUDfFfhQIIW5+apFzrOcCEOuYE4wACLTdsa4iSaQJ6BlZkkLbuK5GCABTxMbpqHwbhz7MvB1AkiUKIWBvh+HT1fMJ5Owcl/uU57870WgwG+R+zRsjiRp3THXegsJyaH98YUc4FHYO1oJB7L+JPIZFsYYLH1I+WYiccN8VgDNB8HPzx5FQC3Wo2ff005y20AzKbHKsICRC43MoPH0fUBDNdIC0nhKwBGg3+Kz9wyHwtHUff6AFZQiNQy9QUA3cf2s4t5KiQsj7OSgL0+gFDNf/7wGCgFsyELM1H5vpENFOWVOJxEXi2btoCTlCCAYMJ1RyfXMnAxwPeW7B04UuubYksyPelnoRjgaw0wCtgjQHc5Bk9yZhhg0fozFzzvXmsfR8CliwEWnft6w8H3hDHZAAZYaObbYLmWeNo7BNAYYYDF/IvX4kBsO+8MxwD/q43jirnl62CAH528SQsJpLGHAX7QwiyVmQPOZoABFpWS5w1z4nKK04H24wgDLNz0xmx10zcDRfFg8shigMWqzlOpPe0M20Ono4wHYEaAARYzL4rYdTftPHuYwaYFp0+B3ApA2ufnnwpw0H/y0Pks7nE0Pba+7k0BZNb7h5C0PxGgNDmRfGx0NkVeeRUAd3UDxZ/ZArv9U4tj22AqNwfwuXd9GsDR4Admje4tAvzMJNKOxMmHX3zXALvPbllyNl0M8CPyntMF1/o4v3sGaOaeZXDauYEBFpYTsYEyzZPTzxeNMMC32p8omcPBcul833iAARZrgLPZVGwMFv0Gt8AAiy57mANQFu74+Kl9SRoCBljQu7THY5ZrNaLj4GdGLgZYSJMNiCPFy1Pv8rhwxJ7H7w4BTiOXg/Ywb32m+xtOd38ARUmSwI3av2k8vSOAeWd1RWckLqLct0STewLI7qB8PkAzgqkzXQYQ5b5lMrongIxBIbUcnglwujG5EXAeDFj4fbqOTeYyz1MkOg8gy81EEX67rgJgbNQ05sO79BeTpzUOc8g+OncK8KwkMhovXWgvQZnksw8MsLg4zxy3OSng4FN02wDHLnj5uOcFbivyMMDCAL3Igf7LLqERYICFAYoeFwSfuyPphgGak0AEacligB8DOBtLnS50u4ABFgPoKv0Z250E4xb8Ed0awNl4MlD6fakzAgywEMDRrOOI/f7TV1p1WfhjuhGAg8k4cNqLlgt/WtcPcBE4DscpA/gaXTXAluctnHFn1vkqetcLcDCbeZOgL0mi04Iv1bUAnG9P5SwvULi+OHWCoNOFr9eVACQRXy49AzRnC7cFF6MrAchY/LkV6TvvwipzYd9kfoVJJCWYV0Uyv9JnRsjXA3Ae1l8V4uu/0GdGpOzVX911u/tVxKH8y4jqryJu8wrXOhOrsQrN7Xz7xt9XiRmCVXvNXvOtiHJa7em1POSNfwRL9OiaHufvpZPMoXdbAP26jJDREwTNfv3i042KpllNw0JItmuvn6NqHebZOkECX3odoJbKgmFUs9XKtkN0WwBLMm8ZVllLkfBGP46FEiJ5xBPI7r2x4G7HjCVbhJy8cS1mq2QYFl81eCPU7PptASSZXm+3hTJ7aL4xiG3nOxKqux4cmm8MhGzeuVnYsbv54fWA+eFQPhx35+yqZYa8LYBFVT18ihe8H4DHa9andBhX9Lrvq2kcsxhgIT0ga50ICUKZbVurisDjFlhMNaap0rRNhDoRV2jdiDHAj2h7usPgMfAyhAHeI8C4djilUJU+WbzecbZRLue3MVR6z4fkU0dljneZODfTlX9Z7iYLzIu/jg/AVmPo/bxb724GoLpWEUvKOpWWiL1G6xWo13WZRjWVtQ069QXdoh/0LK1olKblUOgVQLrWVN73s7jMp0SdItRSSlC0ysdaHZprJo9JDJXgU4hDVa6kREWraXM2VPVQNSopTfi+vk41NdRvAeDWEASaR/baymyBr//FkIK1zuesAgLLTwRybzxoWSKg/RpZqzzZli2SEixhpSUo2c1XaM3vVyvGyGfAa21lCzt/Zc1VA8kCEoRqaOdTZ2ufNO1Mqyb8fp3INspWupDZmmyvyVsASPK2UaMy6+/2zr07UR6Iw0e766BiROUiN7mICiigoGgVXdbv/6HeYO1ud1v7irbbYvPzeIPIH88hk5lJzLSU1b3aaA17aZtt9fT7YR2meottsF2V3bBrVmcb02GrBL2f1ZBdd1vDtcqG5Z9st7qa6qraWLe6K/3uW//78Gel0m71zFZDpZT1aqOvNt1WfRgizK5r4q/rLr1Z6epQ796GDcx8kTAL7VMq29MDPzKTSOn9zFChNDuG41eE26F+vwPU7vB3k/7wDhC1V3HbGv6G7SU2nA/WDT08DxFfeq8AVcO/7aPsdH+sZJfKnjWquDYwrT4V/ezDQSH9+whdffhC08eD9MP5p9f41Zx+4Zr0Hy3+anNUpTgAS2rpE8qkigOQ/ow+4JRsvEOWt32MHI0AvEq2QwBepWORDALwYoACAXiN0LE6KQF4oR6rkxKAF8ojAK/0YjgC8CrFNgF4lQyeALxKjxVbCMALdagXWRiA/Syt+bnWSMtSgQCG6zrbS+ufCuDjvpeFAPh9s2pN9+anAhjNCwSwPK1Oy5+sC09cMohcQU8A0SAAL8ohZGlUNBuAHROAudy+4xYCcgRyLGxd4BwCME/csT2OGYwFvuTM5F9FhwnAs3JXVnR0+5Y+JLyxHAGjEYA5vOYIh75GtpzBZyCxZZGHYz6VADxHTcsZ2JDgTjvgOMHnIpnTGDKtmcMC2uBx3jbOImA7ZmwuZhwCMIckCRDj4qEXokAMeHEp2BJPAJ4vHqOzR0s5m8vkR6NJAmLiEIDnixtgiBY/grkNkS1JM/xKlnbkGEOyKeAomfPIynZjnQf+k82lCMAzZzClrWPHIg5JZq5gPDlJAP6/Bll/nSeIw4MJjkn+3CapGACr/ZD6mHQWepz+cObA2UZWO9IrHsDSpm6OPyah6jsHL+ZhLFliW+jNtOIBvF+x5jhVPwCglyUR+GPu1FoeDCIqHkAUpv+8C0tzB/t9ro8d5sfMFXeIPgQooA38gEHE8i1fhkhmkGAd77ngpb28CcAXU/Zylq7SfM927EH8arlcAvCloXc2gay7upYFciRJBGBOuf5EOCy+4nHMYVkxAZhTomwfnGdoCln1YUQA5o19Pe53xVLh9TIQBOAz/yXWmCYnj85sTgD+raXkcWBPZALwQs34mAfeCgjAC12YhA8iiJKYAMxt/HCv9RzHEvEHaeYRgHlvvaUP4DOxKPIBzLcaAZhLNVeOREMSOUkSsedszIAAzKXRcukZiYhExp0kHjj+bQEMe++8wNLzs2miQRZ3ONEsT9nmQgDcb36od++akR5Jv5ZhIWmW55fFKE7aGr7vIvOm9Tjoaja41s0BBHjXvzkgbfC07Gu+sjhkEAGQl9HlBcMJQIAJM/MIwEsUP1g7xruibO4XBiiAfJgkF64qnPt1AQYJjKzM9hkiAXjJghcLh72uzwQgSQTgRbkXWeKQLDFgGwRgXmka8EbMZN4fJzOIAMxr/pYMHnprSWb8gu1VN+AXBGjgThtzMdOEJPvTuTYHAjBf3mArWM3RBN99kvEGl/t6AEVGsiFORm9kDr4SQASC5CLGTSRA2zkBmNvzW4LEMSKPsmEjcr4SwEq3ZFavBijNHM7REhnmb1nUtBAAU1VXp+XhlQCZ0YRrvnn58GJse9IOdRrdXwjwmCAdcMJs8va5sNu3gchaahBwEMmwdAnAC9KlI9mOLX9uaaA1CcB8ijwYWNh39l1nK8O76KYBDjA17thtA40AzA2Ql7iAe98VSTcMUPMCH7jEIwAvAxj7ljiAQQwEYD6ASM6iNM/1DfgnujWAjjWRLJuzRBcIwHwAHccY8RM/wNbPiOGf6UYANj3O4kTJlTX4xyo+QC1w3QmONOBjVGyAgocMS+RFWQAgAPMAbDqO5wWMhR8GfKiKB9AJpEi0GI5hRDxWaAAE4BkAU71RazwAlHlpbgjwWVQQgB29W26Tql6XA6TU0ifbBvnLLy56K9WLA7Cn11/SN71Vf13v2kKvFae6a416JoSlLPAbdUqohlBvgV9PtsCnagp9ukUNKKhBjwZ8pedtskm+ogB8QZ0Kveh0oHO6d4d9egGdzn5xskW5CqmC6P6pa/RDpKRKCkpa2VdfnBQtMMBet8uael83+ydt1L2up6aurE6WNi2zMGaV1XB9CqBZMtv6uMo29NUP6sYAKkPdNPXwFYCqqutVDPDHyZt0v1pMWaXb1k+cT4d3JmtOS2zjrt1ObwzgIuyUK5V95XQHDensfKW2359qsVPKuxDt4FQDqrevUtXdrkrtYHdrXfjK1Vq/X6/SlwDYDFW6XEnpXZpWdh0Kv9fU74teNWwRgGeGDOywvWHb7bvVZthuj1Wzr9ZXbbNBAJ6p79XxWJ+u9bauT0vdu3Eb9LGirhSdADxfFISVzC/ORoYFKDv8XlYIwA8XAUgA3hTA/wCxPD3bXd/BdQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Labeling ticks using engineering notation

![Using a ttf font file in
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using a ttf font file in Matplotlib

![Labelling
subplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Labelling subplots

![Legend
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legend Demo

![Mathtext](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mathtext

![Math
fontfamily](data:image/png;base64,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)

Math fontfamily

![Multiline](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiline

![Rendering math equations using
TeX](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rendering math equations using TeX

![Title
positioning](data:image/png;base64,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)

Title positioning

![Boxplot
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Boxplot Demo

![Simple axes
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple axes labels

![Text
Commands](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Commands

![Color
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Color Demo

![Creating a colormap from a list of
colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating a colormap from a list of colors

![Line, Poly and RegularPoly Collection with
autoscaling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Line, Poly and RegularPoly Collection with autoscaling

![Compound
path](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAxlBMVEVHcEzr6+vz8/ODg4OLi4uAgICIiIj////9/f3m5ub1+vX5/Pm12rVqtWr+//7c7tx1unWTyZP5+fl7e3txcXHv9+/x8fHJycnQ0NDy+fKWy5Zttm329vadnZ2mpqZjY2NsbGyQkJCurq5aWlq1tbV2dnbW1ta8vLyXl5fh4eHk5OTCwsLa2tqGhobp6end3d1arVpRUVHv7+/t7e2n06djsWPl8uW+3r7K5co7OztERESBwYGKxYrU6dSPx483mzcqKiolJSWXkIn6AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACPtJREFUeNrt3WtDm0gUBuCGSw6UihYQqOV+D4FgwOpqt93d//+nFtLW1hKqoLE1ec+HRBxueTIHJhPCvHp1G4R4aLzaGnABIAABCEAEAAEIQAAiAAhAAAIQAUAAAvDeYJIRM4vZj1OyLgh+feCAsvNv/vC5C/eOvTYT1qsDBxS00u6eI1fLE9c1FI11o9izlpoXWzMtdKgUFZbh+TCiwNU6QMdzfUo9NzH/c81QDZcHDWiqjScQ5etE1MPUDMVrw7nO4yi4EVWH8/N14VZKWK8D083XlR22i6heHhp14Xh6WCk3qeEeNCC3Lq/bo+BSI6pDhcIkJNOjzA7mlMZeQnHqLSS3cReKl2pUdVhsWyuDwNPWultT2DSucMCAVhgtS45osV7UTGgU6zwUjA4wWje8XWazMPGW5k3tVpabrFfOul2G15rQCM10zYSVEM5WBw1oqm36aq1AEGoLww1TSxNMlpwgWnseI3phRstQ9Rg1t1TFCbV2dpqHbik4bqxRFppx06iHDLh57XL3ICntlLSZ6KYdTun+2z1I8rf/bv7VprDytYQU4dviaEj/FKkzWOQsf/O+4ZPI7wPUxcMIZleAaskdQvDsrgBZ5SBytC53BqgfBOBsDkAA7gmglAZG+2RECgAnATbrqGo/6qv+ps+JSgCOBGR43pHJN3St67PzQ2t/1S4vhJ0cA2Vv9g1QrGJmb/2uzv95twNAPQpiw7hN4b09Bkqfj47fn+4A0IqCWiz2/SQiXx59luSdAB5GM+bN+VVbCQE4NX3/ProkAE6O46O3m9MvAB+RvgCcnr7vLwmA09P3w9lt6xmAU9L3rx8qIwBHxuuPt+kLwEemLwDHx8WP6QvAsfHu48kpAXByfPpw1rugAYCPSF8Ajkrfk1767hKw8BoS2NLZG8BP5xfbP5TsBtDyw5yU0Fm0fzO1yuxn+u4QMIvihIRl0NZDcsoX/53I6cnJO3pOQMFnr22rbXBqyT6k8F8D6bvTkwi3yFY+7yt7AHjx4RM9P6AkKzLT7MFZ+PTk4zv6DYD70oz5VfoC8P44+1X6AvC+uDz5+JoA+Ij0fXPvPAAcDPnsw/H9P4YA4GD6vr83fQH4i7h6QPoCcDCEt236AnB6+h79LREAd56+ANyevp+PjgmAkxsvI9IXgFvT92rU/LsCFKr2bVRM/YUBfr3o7w8AjG5EEko23tC9mJ85XL4/G73MbgALWxUp16g0iIzAfRld+vLxP+dnb0fG5/PXOwCUtWwd0SImf0lkpt4L+U7k9Orqzej4/mXTUwKa6To1Gs3QFi8qhR93H4WnPQundaAk3PJFd2f9VsCX350FQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAAB+GIAFcc3iCouqwA4DbBIXIsi18C9syam8CJmBSqyOGr/dth9vvXTro6BjSa2j0XcVUeLRw0cCVhnGZ+m5pcaiBQeDygkpsI0ulnhLIxmDAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAAfA7AL7ebUBgATgO0bNYXKI81YzOJ0RzGAsqMqVmURVXXI12ZGgPAkSkssrxCnMF0ozmktovvREYCKo3lmTPHMXik8CTAes5HRsrMVXwvjGYMAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAE4J8PqKTBrH1aBrhrxzRA3QliqRvNwdxMokN1fArnmkQCx2fSvo9wvSPA1de+6G40h70e4XpHgPXaN5WgiSJvhmPgFEDGCVLFsNIgx0kEzRgAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQjAPx5Q59S0fUpjRwDgFEAlX7kKNZ4YJ3dHuJaOJ8TpIaZw4MtUqeSnd0e4vjg/GR/n0sEBytFcIEvUJN68m8Jv34zfL+Ho3cEBrm54x/ItW+N+GuH6bAKgdICAAtPUcmtXywTAJ23GABCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAG4NJqnbx9xMADgN0HRtItnN0s1UCcDRKZxmLaCqBsLdEa4BOAaQlLr7mcOPI1wD8IGAlq3Whp4kXoEUngRYlawR1Y6/xEkEzRgAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQjAPx+wmhvtY8GlAJwGKHIZkaUZWnIX8O3F69Fx+uFQu/TzmLLo7gjXb87fH40P6RABbaKVtvmdyJ0RrqXxNfC1QIcHuPBC09Z9Nm7upvBex1MC1qYpioJkNgTAJ23GABCAAHyBgHwtfAsShmJKyZ+1OpHdFeBc5b+G6vJD8YsSdahEddmnXF08uDr1IatT/V0Bfn+TVvzQG6nEylARnw+V5Kw8UGLF0tBC6myopCqHVseogzVQ1b9Xxp0B3gZjD5XI9tD2ZacZWqhxBj9A2/JQkT14R9fV4OqUwf0m+6F32H0SQHn4U9lwiSI/6eqkJ14dPSfgIcejARd81HVxsU4vVxuuy5209HvNnZnPdRfIpfyytzqj7JIn4f2qtyHfX7SPpdOrHHU2N4mWrL/loCCWdbvSzT7+HFG7eznvm70CZ94eeOSIN58FsHHKNh1jgzd6R8a0G4Nzzvb3o04MTabcS77cT/nHKBZ+QBR4Ru/90POgJFldlunPJdbC0ATy1S0vWPLXOeleolX9zk0vbmnDZf9g52Xt3ElsesyzpLDZNjR1jYL+oXrVjQJr2NqWFxZkbcmc+KR/au8cKlvt15k0jEjy5M1Vsj/tQnfttmlrRr8yRfxic5+RXl3XuSUvk2jz9pY+J23V9dzF+fMAciRbnmwH/Ta8St2R3em/4nTe5oipUtyrGBaXbhZK4i1biknwLGfLSTXfXG4c9VpsAq9e23KuUdmzLTzvumq3tPK2nH3mKS05ahmfAVDU1kt75qhxb2vM/CZyksjXetWsuPajOrNYft47nvlruzJSw497iWr6fODkQawtesnoz7PATP1tVV1Ri4zxVbWfqHJSJkHiq0G/6cWpia2rqi88B6BVVKtGoqr/wVipqrxWmqLuL1MVuTBrZ1D6aV8lusVYRe/tkK0ip0ahRbNtQ6RbdbG1YalLM1motrXqBF2plWJLmoqF1e6dVQnPchJBMwaAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAJwGuD/o63FDFXUOJUAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Compound path

![Mmh
Donuts!!!](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mmh Donuts!!!

![Line
Collection](data:image/png;base64,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)

Line Collection

![Bezier
Curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bezier Curve

![Bayesian Methods for Hackers style
sheet](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bayesian Methods for Hackers style sheet

![Dark background style
sheet](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dark background style sheet

![FiveThirtyEight style
sheet](data:image/png;base64,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)

FiveThirtyEight style sheet

![Make Room For Ylabel Using
Axesgrid](data:image/png;base64,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)

Make Room For Ylabel Using Axesgrid

![Axis
Direction](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axis Direction

![Anatomy of a
figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Anatomy of a figure

![XKCD](data:image/png;base64,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)

XKCD

![pyplot
animation](data:image/png;base64,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)

pyplot animation

![Data
Browser](data:image/png;base64,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)

Data Browser

![Image Slices
Viewer](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Slices Viewer

![Keypress
event](data:image/png;base64,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)

Keypress event

![Lasso
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Lasso Demo

![Legend
Picking](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAB41BMVEVHcEyIiIjr6+uDg4OLi4uAgID09PT////9/f3m5ub+////ghT/hBj/6NTj4+MgeLX//fz29vb//v77+/v//Pjl5eV7fHz/hhv/iB//7+Hy8vL6+vrw8fH/iiP/ljqlpaX/7Nv/4snR0dFeXl7///5YWFjNzc1zc3P/+fT/9Or/8uf/38Mofbjz+Pz/9/DCwsL/jyz/pVX/jCf/kzVkZGTIyMh3d3f/ypv/uHqoqKj4+Pj/1bD/nUYvgbr/5c//p1r/mkHd3d2tzeT4+vv/wov/9u1wcHC9vb3/olDV1dVsbGyYmJiTk5P/xZH/voX/sm7/3b//n0r/ql9oaGj/u3//2LX/fw/v7+/Y2Nj/x5b/sGr/kTD/27r/rWX/zaH/tXR/f3+srKzG3e2BgYH/0qqvr6+bm5u5ubk8iL2GhoZVmMbe6/Rencm10ubP4u+Ojo5KksSCs9X7/f7g4OA1hbz/0Kf/z6Tq6uq+2Omjo6NDjcBsps7w9vqysrFlocyKuNi0tLTm8PfX5/JTU1Ofn5/r8/mcw96Uvtvi7vamyeJ7r9Pg5+yXwNxxqdChxuB2rNFLS0tAQEChoaGgoKCioqI3NzfhfSMjIyNojaLAiVTssHrEeDHopmvx28fnuI3IqIiffVgttrCHAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAF9pJREFUeNrsm/lb2lgXxysiF14UJdCAgKLJxFg3XEIUxAVroSx1wwrV1rWAtM5oyyjSVocWp9vzdGq36fP+9v6pb4K0LiQk1kRNy/kBb25I8H4495zvPTdcufLdQMn42hVGK3EpASwBLAEsASxZCWAJYAlgCWDJSgBLAEsASwBLVgJYAvjLAvTZNCAgs/roNpIuOK2JMV+mC4QBcKdNQd3RXsv3I4XzxAXmoDbfiiL2DMs/Y1Hl/iyRyfUysyQA6hZDCY+GSEZkAEAgg9Ovx/kSR48OTypRaqx2jxk59n5P8tvhelx5/EZOzJJvJaKqZMH9DuyjlX41ZX12VANJAmAcUwKnk9Ds+WQ4EfXCJphyRW05Kld+JEPrlD9FQmAn5E+aK0J4xiwnEk4HHpKDCErupyiApEluwcvRJhANeTSUR35FbU0E0UQ54If9zyo/ugPiKAyDKEomlKjC7g9Rp4A8Y8sgftJj0iYIOeWouiAKa+O4B9YCXBNHQ0nrVzj05ZM0pvC6nH4lNLAdDqRSXgKOUocO/1XCm/CoMMpRIv4khgQ8Gb8KjS3hPiKzTrXcRAb5IqMBhgnZB3vc48aQoIdCgSEmrMmLUVRIq9OTdmd9mG9nX5NN7mUBehWz7WSpiSmPLwVsH1Rw5hPsoxADG3YV/mjFVIQ9jMv2I0uhFBbOeLTSABhYOQBYYSMoWravntwcc4BATB4FOOUvEY/tSwUZKHOAT59WsEWPLegApBcNg9wUJsPUaKGkP/5hkQxSV6KqFAYARjnnYgZgVwGeRoEsZPcDN6EkkC8wuailAUZjNhLsWXGUuh8AsSCIw44gKPd6A0kUpDAVqvTCEkkivv2IApHRHkh+NFninsUYFXqseDgUL4sCDwXQ549gqrBlyRMO7aUXTSqnPA1wO+F1f6GnMB4mUlmzO+Sj3iOjASIKKn7RHrj4WeePqrJINhnPJrMpB+WBmmwklyQSGcoDcRBLB8pMKgX1taHh8lh6HSx65U2WfU2GCGM6LymVLBwnQrCsQhVEroaIJfu6E6dcwgSjK+aAF5RFqLC2AhxEKKMl/dietoLwaz5ngNyHYDhBZWFEbqmQ4brkIkgToTg9+TGbDUXtVMuOfUwSqBXsoDgGWVE/AZFOGxEKUKdiNu9SkxwsRRUwQUdOcxmKm6JpEIh7LFS4JCImUmdfl4yMUWrpZAhRjufMZcWcEDloQvlEqXMCnTtCeKl+Xb5fqcxnUSjfYT5QHdQbdAdShroIUH0q9yccaNzBldxVzqP5nP7Ig9scfBxI0erGDB1+9k8kpLVlxHHFx9vDQ54kWCJwWWkl8outREyqX8NMYgGEE/JfwVZWxAK44vwl5qglIRbAcpPE0UDcRr1LVlYCyEgvldRwWlKjKwFkU01Js47bUjaFCADNXpP0ASpUjJr/hBJVpJGw8ACjHyK5ggAPgJC0AEJWTEMXkFJgXRMOUwsok6NJeIBN1oQbgEwQ5S4HTdRPtZ4Hw5raifm+O9ApAV5vP2qPc70kXTfH7Ro/EvN4RAJILu4H6BUoqeAa1qi6y6We7NeLza95qNJY1zMzfUqAb9sGjth2rruCnlweOJhV6eAmkQDK3CEbnxhY26W+BUETXTOzYjthX+X9qo6azZmx0wFcfjNyxJ7nYiCJ0B6oAqQ7QdcdRAEIQETBA2BD51xrrtE/0y8uv/6Zzdzf+ZnRsyaRKEamAAimQMCOlTtEA8hLxkzNteRbs503xOTXYFjIt3pn7pw1CwPl9+lCF80uEGDjod+1GPvEDIDDw83f2rdmGs8GsKBgcmEAoS7XYe6YVzeKxu+3BUPV4acOT/0sACdm7h4e6CddomXiwXwAzIdDddXPAVDvunk09Q6qe8UCOF5fc3Q+94yfCWDKTe8bWJTAAl0swP4TwWi6TqQ80mI8njd6DbVnAKgNylfMQAlbAKxBkOTFAdTXn4hFtZWb4gC8Y2w5dtzRPc0bYO1g1aENdhysPENhoPTv2Ihk1A9fHMDNglA0dFMUNa2vnz3RM2q8xhfg7Iz60PIxO0CJP8gfcGCKFCy7MICQqyAZ9qsbxAA4UZDfW4y3ftwDdeuJMCUF8TDA3YRNcWEAGyoL1h4d3aNiAJxy1RSs6zo7fjwGkmUBE4CWTCCK4PKdCwN4q65wDAs9IiiZWsMWw7e3JXUZAw3PMqxM1K3CAxztZvC2rq7fJA6wqvIuQ22rflb4Vdwc0xpxy9DCB6Dm8gJk9AtwR3gpeJtx3VFruM/jWl1SZrJwWmRPBIBIeXmyGMCa+nHmeCW4FLznYtRGk7wWxGZ72sppsVhK+E0lhSywR71aYBaAg+oJxv6umwLz6+hkzuy9Rl6+blZx72tqLGJsazqwJuolgbHsiYx1NjMv7yoFloKN6kEWFXVbwE8RHqAZeBNFprC+Z4HFYeoErihMsygjRhVwiQDGy0l7EYCNrMW/oS5hl3HDC2w6tLvjMgPUybTFsnAfq2LuFTYPN6jvnkZHXR6AxWVMc08f+4gnhATI/n3U1C9IF2AV+4pDXy/k3gjUNcR6bqxTL1mAxebpQn2NcACvGbeK5OdWyQIcKqL27gopZPoN7DfT90xLFWBH951iTjMvHMDZ4SI1AwF9/ZwBsonbA7s5JFwhobNYgfG2oUGiANmWIfmCgnACrbGy2F5zi6FfmgChyXvFLqkSLriPzRVLtDWucWkCvGYsWnIRLrhDHIT66vWSBHiXI/aMDwsU3Dm+KQET/vkC7OPIfrcra4UZFtc31WLclCLAmmGONVSLcUuYYY1x7FFBrntSBFhr4KrECTUu1ywn4ebLCtCCaNgAbhpbzug5vEMglySfEGonX4R6YBDP1QMZfuYw6+LaURQouE9w3uZa3fzlncJ7DgDsO6GCp/T1c5yPebcY7//n4fY/j54+WNt9+v7V9sPrIqjAnE3eu7QA7TCFrsnrLwBYZeAs+D3v+e9GW9vqxtq7d7trD55Qzd2D5+NPZzzojM41X1KANhRRME/heY7tsMfL7wb+9++j7efPHh90tL/efrXWNrA70n7KEMhje6WV98Oq5w1wJxFEmJPI7GSxZ9ja/9lo23izVZBnnr9Za1t9+ew0g+ID50Z376WNgSwypqbYQu36yGrb++XHzErnxdu2P1+dAiGv6XlzSmoAG4zsKnB7o/r9wyKUX/81sDqi5B0C+bC51dksMYDs67TXu9W7L74th10s6eV99doLfmPiNztbK6skBnCarQIyMrC6/f1gq47tGdzljbZXvFRNI6/8cEMYJXiOAFmWV8+fVr89Et+qKlm1zvWXbQ8eChUCqf9nXFoAr9UxFgqW/zzifoB+qK9ILf6PJwO/80gP/HYGpgXZGDk/gMza4mX17t/He6aKPaX17G31I65pzFeg9BtqJQWQKes9e1f96mRu5dgYGWlb41iaDBbduDpNbehyAWR4UuD1xsA2w/iL//Twj9UnxbNxbze/Z2xqesakBLCjs+AHGi9WnzDkhKJbx7ms84AB+xG7N8lz7LzfeCkAVhU41vLAg7+ZLuziygHt76rfsJ/V1/PdmeoVYhf13ADOn9R3v1c/bf9BFaL8q/rl/9k7868mki0AH9kqQKRDh5ewC5EhLIEITljCGjYFgiwzsskeJBDWICo7IwqCB3W2M8eZecu/+pIQSDq9VN2kOq/bZ/3g8Wgp3V9X3bpb3Ssu2ogTUFu1xSoCOD3MdaZeMt7t6E2EK+a92F89zSb1yVLJiY0XwMiN9Yk5EfuHRGkDnxiviGn840NS9Y59PK1EgBlJVgGAOdys0HPxFYSP3V2rM8wHTaxUaERg6AN83b8iAJCrtV4xVxL/w2Qzyd3XdcabFuO+nKKQYyTDFi711yZvdHGvOXBC6lcSZ4CkP4GAIOBkYCu0TYoE6K/AbM9MDl+B7PBkuPyS5Ceg8Yjt4hM+wfoCct2ERlIxfYCpdW/51xzCfUeXEvIvqHMTFsjpEDiJJiHaMZmwiDPAXNN1ZJ0DMGxjrYufv7fuFFJv+yVPluoKIQlehMJCAWpMSOnfZbwEpyOpt/080ibJAaVO3o295E+cAN5urAXL52386ZhO7Gg6YbgOQljyroCBrkyAt2r0acsxgVc+J5vc0eRldmNQ7WIPzcUH4I1xcbHsIYmR6wCZqtsfLRvhRGDGReyqdHwABjXWs639MzJHE6CMTOfaTsgpVlY7AXp9gLD4nwLsCtytqgp/VWlHE0CZQ4dhn6XVCDsVYvdKxwdgzQh/s0mNYm0r4B3CBMNMNuzGZ+xp7XEBmFU7EDgwd4lPR5ij6bTlIHi0Dw4DNeORxyUqABjIa/vEdJA/1jDoUrlmIahcsuCLrDF7peMCcNFY7jNA3gMeCxqz7bg2rysKFoHvXxxrlltcADa0l2xYPmgAj9VEVB2H4yDzK9SV4MznmFN94wKwffZiZw2UrFtkBN7KT/vgP6GiyLhqH1Q+wPKC+q2tM9BjZT2AVnPzqYMX0dStaIjxcpQMAFMii04Ua7+QKoCh0xGM4mxrKz+KULlfPisLYK/ZHNHNof6PlgXocw3Ayxqs7nwxwstW3DVGU+oiTUaAiaW2FYRemMw3WfppbX+vg59wyAg/HRcMUVy1K6uNwiHT/VeRfADrMl4YEHIv3bbD2P7nv9PAj1huXIQvi7/+PofDqAE7ZNK250f/JR/ATbd7k7uFt+H8kK4dHq4oefwnA1/rXc/AwuKkJ1RHVIaYSPLc60hbOIox2A7fWLX1XmJz+3bA6yd0MH8+jrMzIYoxAy8E1Zreur0GPu9zoPUTfHZj4RPlA4wi82emthwdbm0dwv4V1CFz2nIQ7gRTLMBq+E2iyeaAMnMMvKAISxM82/dUTYXlLykWIDzzJ3ju+KxuGR0yVZ7lN+jJM53yAQKyrILjJvAC8/v4DCUjufd2+6DllKv5KBfgU2gS/a3uDfI8+oQFoOKUl1mICLwoFyC4nGDXrSsG4PtGEXk70uM88GnuGivVALAM6hkIuWIA0ZeAQ6aQMA6wfp1J8iq8I4SCm5MCfVPh5cY6QepgUzaZsLgJHMy2s6oAOPAAFK4oCr9kRxyBBgiLDct16IrlZNAqGCDwUv4i5677xbLnkFxYkHhvV3fWroOn3NqYCgZYkQ1yyMwWlnANBvIgwghBEfU3+zcmTiXH06ZggGw7JEbJNs8K7zgiYYENpfhkws0VvYnaMnUA9AlrgCrdzSu7tcAQBgJL8LHNQ8/y7ak0wmlIQh2g3vqIFsBFSGyzku/CXhe9SwIVFlVrO7cXHCPKB1EHaN/77vqpV2IGKHF5XWAb1pYJ6G1eIl+uDhPb7DxuCemVRdlTcgHU+BtI6PPM/kbkRB2ucY6mZ4DYpmAYrwOfjx0Y0oUfOw8sYUGxiNoZNAGm9N+5szmWZ/b/nqDDNVVVWiSQTEhwUaqsXNVxOL/I2hnUtzDr/tmqpyMD0QR5ooFYKsOl0F0SvrCQqH4bwS+ydgb9Q8Q976YFkLy0CyuaTNPBfMBrM2XiyeZVay0cuzoymUbJagwk80c8Q2Od+YjXqEULfZx5uPx46VyKBggo7SJxju5ajrGZ7WKXvFf3l0+lLXRlA2wgTROUXKsLLR5cDUKRiqAbO1sXEX9UE3GwKRsgcZqgtOPhdH8Z4x+sEKwKtGtZi/RI8K7mKBtgEWkS/YS06+vNmmUdLALSrpjPnfzzulhNAAmqrpJpjJ0fmCvJw5hfGe3wgLniW4K82hnKBoimybr1leFBnzPHUoKQV5vvdEuwOg2vELHCARLeuCFpA7GwvCMRasrJ5iR4pHUIF4rjF6VROMBisptHr0gaf58dMCei+gzLubx+ccx4Bafyi9IoHCDhjZvIojTCI+3Ssr8r7k9gQ8uvZV8kpZYfrFY4QLIEjyzSCOjqMXMgEq57ebuIF9YY7yGxYqpwgCQ1yUEx+N19y8kbKW/E6QHjEc3o1vFj8EoHSJQrjW9yENrGh+93WryrIhqTZuOzZX9d3I0t0OdF6QDLSTqMwIpvnJ0vWw7WeWHjyeGzSw+z/0nK8yAQN6AOMHXFYKMIkEQIgu+sHl56LDsH66dhB23nxn/+8HHdlXbcdPEvX1AHmJk63oekOlyDhWAZXgTCu7WunnsslmWP9/35ZcflyYFn2fIl/egCa/DwvV40AWbOv3u3l4t+/Q1JdbgGDoL8BIAIDB8XC+cfPfvLOy07W2uf32+M4asFVBdMyAowr9Rms2U2OmnKQNSN1wSjSOi/GdudVVWHweYR+AhMpcBFespbmEXjv6zcowkQXxU6q5BONzp8foKQTkU/JpKbkE8VYBcuSSuHUtN5fKEGoVrsSldjcP1MkT8mSacZHbZ8sGAzOuUDxL7XbHsJnZ/UhvGdCWZtKx8griyyjlpn8RlMLTfBrsQqAIipDZ9DrdUtRp8U/lIqAIipDb9orKD0g7Kki6YIB2hUAFC6WTWhL5BoSDfNfSlYHEAFAH0abonUGTNA6+dg+kVOC1ZFUgNAycDIEJ3WSHirRyRwpQaAd7USwv3Hh1nUAEoe+CKiWA0AdRLCXQeuliW91ruhyoAaAKIn4lYqKA2YYK0PQVenKgC2akXDvhMF1RQBZj1sgMpHVQCUeK/hEURziN+saBJpWUwdoGbcZKcNEDWInRT0ms0HzV3Rzs4jIqUdqQNM+dWZGPjNCkWAlWKepiZtDlWAor3Fy7NFNByqAPW+gV7vuZBwh+tYjBGRyPl07MXwI46KGjGDMUd+gCmbBoMrIeGdyy7c4TqGMSicqloNrpKHG4vCS7pE1NVFdwXm6fVj473fp9DewmhK2N4oTm+lDLC7QNAyrDC+igfAwH/Y7+ylfoiIWbyzNM0QqbU+Ixr4U4UaExB2JULLhfYO9odRBSw2VjyypRaAgmrYjDGHOsCshwK2YY54MT61AOzO5u9hXfsIoj+6BGzeevEETrUARA386GYxQWIvfBQJdKqSsHdUA7BIyzsHJ6l0WObLuxoSpqoDiKYj/e0Vxnokx+Crgg0SYS31AGxNj4jpDMTeUYpMFSzSSkSm1QMQ1TTrsMclHVUwIqNu8Fn1VwFwiHtmTFG3Qm6EYJGWo17eTZdKklURQF1zG0fWD7MyrUDUxVE6RySDnSoCiJrCcy0nRofk4ofKCmtCH6d4VDLzQU0AswprskI6YBeSbwyNLoZWerPuawGIKrWTQYLlD2p0MgJEg7U3J/wUZqWrCqDv4BgMcNO11VbIyQ9VFASP+JfaETbeABttsgFkn476XkxX3SWjAAyCG20b0qHqwdEGTN4vfYCl3/XLBtBnJoy2jbQXjA4guUdTc3rzRDu+Ah/VLH2b1Wp1OI+WEL/DNT2ChTUNM8UlsgNEbGVbejO+zD5NgPbne3vz8z/cfzvG63CtzlFEUDiJ/ha2Hzll3MKKG3L0VMr/BlCpasw3gN8AfgMYN4BzY/rg0CA96VDdTE1qolwA7xiSg8Nw35VMNgz3CScmzwFmzpFOBcwMvZxTLoChj/R6TkP4YfMNpDNT6kgXi73OTjq1LpNwosaQH1qMsgG8Hbm/kc7MfEc6M2+JdKZmibit7JKeeCapmUUFIEv8XOirm0kF4P/ziBlgrnPTZ5j0uubxAQyr6xFCjs3NVOxMm8vtX9jOUuzMUtdP/vlJbuxMk+s5i/IaVx5hH9RqcPh+dSfb4gKw/16jE9l7THXYl03o6+37B0p1/LSCm5nf19vjewf32yPczJQ+k3kcOX6Yf4Gb6X9EExrvGccn1mbU+T70i57evvx4ADS8yDCgBDPae46b2etCSf6P2j+Pm+kwIKcVmfp/f45/V7TkRkc/L7lwQut14BHze/pW8OKt3wfQuokCC1F2gImm8TmU24ec2E3kqENzJpZtxB+vGWaUWIrmzW+/t+NWdQ9KsiK3AfWNYVe1/xFtd3L7EvAArYgtTUTmjHgAtJnNtqWxJUMd7g2QfsWwUnpk/cX3eDjFJMngMt1DevwKZJ2GOdPvuYbETdy6YvsNht53GeakOayCYnvbU7qUOWdI0sQDIEpNRQl61kFgGOc57Pb8XMc4/hDRO+x5vg+SmUkwM1M/hlIc+H3JOlL0CSh/3P7fduvQCAAQBoLgTAwan2a+/6YoARwi60+tumtZSdfaeVoZG/N7YwACBAgQIECAAAECBAgQIECAYwEPU+za14g55MwAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Legend Picking

![Looking
Glass](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEzV5fHZ6PL+///b6fP+///c6fP////S4/D8/Pzn8Pbp8fjZ5/Lf7PTU5PD1+fzp8ff4+/3/fQ3g7PXa6PL9/v/j7fXl7/aLi4v6/P3R4vDd6vPm5ub6/f/s8/jq8vj/fw7a6POAgIDe6/Td6vTh7PXU5PHv9fv/fg3Q4u/u9Pn0+Pvy8vLR4/Dr6+uIiIj7///y9/vx9vrX5vHk7vbe6vTX5vLn8PeDg4P+hRDw9frp8vj+fw74+//2+vzs9Pr1+v7c6vP//zXz+f3W5fL/gw7//zT/gQ//ewzV5fDy9/rh7fX+ihHb6PPj7/jY5/H+/zTP4e/7lhf/eQv9jxP//zP8oBn8ihPv9fn8mxfT4/H9/v7+iBH9oxnr8vj+lhX7sh/9khT7mBjQ4vD7kxb+ghD5+/3T5PP8jRTR4+/7/f3+/DP9lBX85S398TD7kBX7/f/8nhj8qhz70ij9phr9hxL7viP6mxn9hRH82yr86S7++TL8vCH+jBLg6/VfX1/7yyb7wSP6rR78tR/84SzY5vL8yCT81Sn7uCH+mRb8xCT8rx382Cn83iv6+vr4+v399THf7PZvb2/b6fb6oBv97i/4+Pj8zydmZmb6qR77oxv9uSD6nRvd3d1qamrW5vPJycn/dgpzc3PY5/T7phzZ6PXu7u79rRu9vb19fX3U1NT6xibk5OSSkpKysrJ5eXmcnJx2dnb/fAfOzs7ExMT96y6CgoLo6Oi4uLiXl5fW6fn8/PuhoaHh4eFYWFhQUFDx8fHc7PvR0dHR5fimpqbt8/n/fwjX19eurq719fXS5fX0n0L//y2GhobyqVOOjo7i7PXt9//h2MDa29upqan+zCPq6ur3my/w8Obpu33h0LPg7vrm4s33jiY8PDziyqeFhYX9/JXl8v3kwpX+/dhFRUXt1p7+/3fluIXmwInqsGv3szj99zL1xFDZ5ujY18zW3+H1vHHi7O376W7u5bLz1l7s0Yz5++nw6tz/+1L6/KzT4Of3+8b6zzIdHR344kF7UE3oAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmM9PItkWxwdS1kUtKAg/CoRAsAoTKVojIGUwYcIWYibuSCpxaTL8EdZqtprUgtQGQlwQMPwMpNHIrxgJujBOguml6Y3/RuedC7Ztj3b6vXmvX3C6vpricqvuvXU+de45p/jllychVf+ufnlVKhcVoApQBagCVKUCVAGqAFWAqlSAKkAVoApQlQpQBfhTAnStPTYKpfpAfGx36/O3Gdy4vHgxoFuffp61/3Iic/29tQ4rXy5pVRESX8yBUPH0jQG0Xz42Lhvl3PWEoIguFLE5j5uNl+ac5KafUhZf+UxXZ+J31sr0Bk/tyxsYfvGSeb3yBgFeryu3hf7D+0/KCXhiTeqM5Pmb85aSyy63mstgZCun5MVaSSqiS0mWYdRIqvXL9tpN81g5RS2p1gB2yr19UJMwxaxSk6vKOsrmpGLWjlzL82fKcgAAStdFSRmjM6l0fXf7odG9LVRgNTxB7RxWlo9z48v6WkO5RKeK3M3nchdvA2C9diIV6/ZC3wVmrK+32yfyuVTuN13Xy1tyFm/v8ZWUeajmc91+tyKB6yjVk3uXZB8MxsVeodcs3gO2zvJ1ZbncyyN0cV9uKOVeNnc37nelwZ29qJzIdQyw3B9VlXyvXOpUZbmFlLZiL/fKeAJY2b5evs/fnR1mm/1yr9rOKJ329dsAeNwryfnO2XwPxz3shQBQaQIoVPo02cNXuUY/IH0I5E4baKSAy/aukdQF/ygqpYdRDwV6sOEvbxEwue0AQAV1btFxUWrDVfbq8ajSL8lVDBAmLUidG1QsVT99RGKufQwUmz00kGBpOY8a+bv6SCndj1rKcTevyOM3ALAeCFS2Aq7DemW+XwZH2qoMCie5c6nbHxcypYrUhIt6+fxDQHIVlJP+Wr2H0LxSzN6Xc02Uq44fuv1RC3vgZenQbi9ILQAoYYByPlct9wsXfUm8kgcfBhggeHBRaUmFrfpVTb5Digu74ag3aj0cInRTKTw0Lzu3lfbDRaHQgPuw12YfYKcv5brLity+ukQVCbyvLUud7NZ87fBUymUrzZFcAA+UGvJ1bS1Qmq9L8haMuug1lA9bI1SUSkqgKB33AWBXWi/I0i3sxVEJXXXQzclYkq7Qef8MZdYVHM4ytUxVki6QXToenHYG8snHtfUmKq3hCcCF27nGQ/P0aizVpOytImfryluIgegwA7snM02gmUnqhS/4D80fTo741OEkOeP/w+kocfoNncNhbXw3ycwinmh69vEgHj4l4PPHLjwAX4UnOH+ctJ29U3Dv+KSXxUvPTy/5fFf/+EIa0vV/F6uKuckEkH6v1DeRf9KbSMD1cyjwowDWPtp/Bi2//1EA32d+ij06uPlRALcCPwXAtXUV4MwALBTLOHmcdlWAfw/gKHcG5enymexSAf69LVwEgO1jVCmCN7pqKsD/HGAdIdcxOjuF91d7721nYYdR+L8DHNjl8umgdjX5EQ99nDkPnJuzWsUnpZ/keK59kMkUFSKUJkrzWA78Gp120MGU+IMBduv1i1am3Wl+L4lgSx5teWnG/tQEk+kohkWDJnbwG4lEIgiKplIpP9ZwOHTveTzb24tGkCAICwwoHA7bkiAfyGzW6/Us/D/TptPJcU5QPB4nQQRJTGTxei0Wi5cgQgadbmXpD85i4DiCCum8i2H9ZpwwLPmss1DG8CSHjeCmRmAznHEyPjGEJC0U+WgOQezsWAgvHHegTZJxjmOdm2A/EDGbkxMBqjAzFdATMMVtj8ezt+cGtEMgnIpiYejBxAaI5/16nqcnws8mdmQy7e9Pn9vkIYpWRzAZeRdZ4J0HG0YDuxkniVCI2QvStI3yz81EHZgWIpoFMOKLHbEjsAMMAUsE7rMp6Yl/Wufm/re7mGW/tD3TICfGnnrEBKPV7a6+s4DrhXQ2lkrQDlEwwpkNwrc/M4V0ekhuRl//rU3Pfm/WmNZLkE7WDO7HCEbP3tAfDYJnwYPYB/LW74ze3vU8td1LnjRCtECGaGR1xPioQFK61V2NmXFH+aO0w8ykvZitzY0cYW1qpt5ExOimZdHxst9Kcfis2x37JokoF6P5RDDlH7q3jQuMLenTH0BI4JzxaRgjcZgjvUAX8LphEwcTGK/JgfdnggolnvhREWHHw62EkhFCT1IrqzoyzFC/7T05WppbWPRhpw0GtWHHzL3Kbfi0TOyvnUc6ALhBsj6CDKf2X4Xotr3SaZ0kIxzJaL9PY4gb9EOPUWBwMsH5w+kkCa9W6/UaNCscjpyMsMgYNjXvVnd3f484LRTDaiiB30gSe+nnj5m1WWiEnASZmMl3YVOYSvJfd/lDepPNC7slzRsPvBwTfPngt5lvzyjyxs2dpN+RIJ5zmHtM+GkTaTZqbPHQ0pJBs7oLRzNFmVlCozNQmohWq1nRET4fzk0QGxb3/Kmge8XgM7l1B7FJSLbOGMAoj/YXLexXwZAx/0EJn6GlEwLrZQX+OcSYexLSXy18o0mCZBKATiS/BCxxWsSZ+Og2w+qISMgHKTWR0us4wbAN7swzO6SgjTncv1ncPL0RhNjg3jNOvVev34zoDBqdFwqEODepAMw2ZkFwzAZARgM3kvaTxPCLuxArho2vqQQZktB76MdL5pxexvOa69HbrJdYjE1TtudzJhJNKYoSkptOcofUCz5N9GgzCnO6WUMoOOej0rxeRwqwSX02jnw1q1mZXS9NQGl6BIEX16FRxqAzzwjAvaXk5DPBUsZp4HaEDYzzpR1HURtBJIc4r0RDpM//9dlw0JFgCMIWNJGPm3uf2jDxwT0myVGGEKlhfg3S+9gv435kJfgU6w0nIzHErIZIMkzByqI/FAq+WhTQTjYV+dP5rIZN7ghHs7KF/QfOIeZnhdvShiGfpLwU6yDTrwa32K8+ggj7KT9LRL+uakI6jWWRBvujBGE08X4jQxmIOMcyHkZD+dNz8c+ZKmwDVAbtAYRI7wad1OmSMIrjxeEOu6B/dVEj5bEiYZf7HFL8zh2PY3ZiYNBHUyaELDimmRYsf7IEbRQc5DfrhTTt+RezVtPiOI6GkVEkUZFlhzgRtsHGyDbYJofYjgVpcJPjRIQht4ChLgWB8Y/oW123/8lc9rTsXuu8+5NWclLVsz3Ve+ypOph8VBz50fu+z0fM2AmAbwCOlTxAQTPPUNEqrK+/Mqi43VXXcYZ9nsSmrL7c//+SbCUESNfPMYeCgcgz37TeQXHEvvfOtlXQ1tiPfkOmM1xd733x+rMB9F/XWgn8abfCqjEvrNasQ7U4DvDHggs7Xr8FQSfkVn/ELxUE4XGYpcej1Y7aKgy4Yrrd0stkdyi/YjMa+I10tjmA3FGlFs7Ekm7j1MIELg24gV/9abs4NbPCaZyWeUfstCdefQwWtml50wM9Gma7OZ4bb1DD/yyGfbqRi/8D4ID0JaWkqlwIRArQ5+ulySpcLrGv4FGY660JNwwyRJYynat0lZXKgG2TL9sVXiVC5Ozzyvf2WKsdSdVndGvvx+/bI1ETfYeHbA1cmnrK/fwxdOCIYoFqA6GvsVrQfk/RViX1VGE0o3n1Y9bR9YoFqzRnUM5PUEV9CYh4pLotLw2bkI82rJ9doLid5QrQ2MNaJctuqU/vJrmuvVqvYY5HKqBy8AAX0zxW/9sla29aEJb2SuQEkAKGRH0MABdwmO3hTouVIdENVqbH0CPy1tZRq1vm17Xz/umutMerHgU0nVdmA/pSnUKqL40p/fGsSSfQLBKJtH4jqiLlxIuvR6t20Ym3WZ/s8cpu8VUxPkEn6tuqZmakRrd17F+dW5X4C/FEnhIF+A9b4ycDeDSiYHhJbAcjg1QLGaT3sag0K59qNxH1e6JftZXWhA1w/ij/IgXoc0DnNfRL6uopCIKCR69a8uqSgDQOdjoQco26O3G4TCve/dZeFyZntLO6/BxJ0D4s4aEzGvO6PN2d25AsRQ6IFs/4UrgfxMrF7a2TP9F1oq/TV2fmt/dY6aBrCDp4jCAqv6fFa0xoKKvBff6OCa+7vCGEJA5eCFEnjUsB4doZa1csQAGYlispCQ5cPvB1VwARJgHIWcPoweSqu1P+JdPeTZd12c8qb4UjKoe7hk9J1277xtomFT9b9T7mBxr/1QCq6HXOcGJfS0uWzFlYRujia6KPBkQ81Dvvk/+HQnu0LXJT2zG9OdvRvy6MOzgeIw3G8ukcdKrNg8BCICAdokD/JTloCsKCJ/Qg5TyOVGACg3Pn9n7tTenMDH9Fk3uJbyLclirVFb5aObEAwRlyl2c5036OQCFIom1y9RcDONt9CzZkwYzEQkvMd8LYDCNnd9tXzW/x3kBUz1saFIeQPfBWqYyCXXiAnmd5HkRpKsRSrQUpxDxeB2ddicGp2gKhGhj5vpYunqIteXq5D9EUO4o9mM1y3yIJVGoOmm2R7/da2hSN5JmgHTmzhuy4dEsJPKIH64Dr9zX+TwZwhG9xmy+AVF40xEXtg43edy7fhvrk4KSXM8ZAI1Qrv+TuLd1T9DXdmwKS1VQ/bVFrWSk4KALQKdkUu36lHS+xjyOOOkYnllqg7qDuqhinta5hv6+OLyCga1tAQpMQkBPw8gIguqGxv1ZT9uuBluZsjnugPsIM7OErP+xPXWvUNLLpyZdnF88m7GxzqMxh3IonsLEnrsTL19kTJe8N1qLbMU9QME8BeCoI6biwuJh89dCAPiugnhMhBdwLt2Us2yVDKYInpIci3bTlfuvA/SjZbg3AQ8ShiYi23jhsFcwsXYqE02XOyo8A4GV5B1LAqp4e117jZT1Bs3HyVpnxETWryywJJa32AhltUR5ecX+hf/6R5Pr8RIpfrCDIOMxaSggDRQ7580VTyWK+2biSbQAI2Ibmz6lQXEZCVM5iXDxQ6R/J9ab4DkVjRzVdQ7WdWiWOUdiuw0YPwE2ukT5+CBaWE+GO7iQ5xIRKD2jhInKtUvNUXfBQ8eApLLWVCLd4dhSJWyVvszvuhu9ihlI1QFDOGGFh7PQl1WhSRmkR5LQDeS46IGUedGANs/Q+xsw2jXNrbZwx8bF/5N0T3fp68hI4pS1D+xvMZAbbyi5Y5wqvKD+GjJnCqHqy6dg53G4G975GeV68RJPA0USXHDgNs2+Urd1o8xb+u8y91FVv4gI8W+xb2ARBII9JrgmkCaHFgHfKlzQINqhyanl6arRUjNMcyAtgr0mFrzn40VpOirLeaJzIRgBQ7g/wxVhq3LtW5z6k6aNTw6DpFnhdgPhDADgcHG0CvNsgv55u9aCd/MsmSNLLzJkLRuN+wG285N+40nnmnn1n54dzbttihzrqdQ0rikALPcI2RAteEoB1fR0H54SHsjsrsz2tOtoBCc5Zj8rs7C3u8zcsT5Pb82veFTBGpwon3RmYVDCL6yUSGxqqS81psUTkMqjfSHb6EE5Eb/1j8/oL1+DdHiiTEXR5EELU7tWnyYJlo6dfradoeXV4weMjDKcbK9pCW5FrqRtrJ6WkBO00erpRmQbzTGun98faBHgZyp/nfokWEdqB4jkNQ0YuEZ1KevhChN6P/tH2hGsJiKTvrEn6aKqs1++5sUXnF5kK+xd3oLYvvOcSav/8E+6N+ce//obx3//9+z9/AGC162mzs5WMascf4a0x5Xy2EITkAjwM9yH59bRyqHNv8ig0w3G4hDAesR5SVpYIt9XY9mskOSRMSUt3MI+lCGjoJV1uK5s90HPQ5GEiqq9AIP+/xFtRrNtWGdaxTuyje09s58aJZxs5s05s1bY8Edux1burdPdl2411oblsLMjTFSJrEOYBDVHWShBtoAs8FN1p5QEmqLpOFNTBBhUS4ko8lCpXWstG200adJXKAAFjk4YQQtoTnOPcrldreWybt0RKcvKd//+/7/v/P700GHmCxFc1oWOIntZRl5XMGws5x6HFsGtRahZCZGcwxhMCHHUCVT/k6DtWPF411oUUKsWtB/B3r//0deHlY6eeOcWe3WS5yMzYCDv05HjCW7zIx62hv5liwhvUXm326oo3A7BBHZ1HCxVTjRq+5n59I8kSHQIWwg1jGosJb/CODmA2bLo6I9Np0m9oarcviymFNggog/J1zrWBHS7rSeI18hR3uTawl4nss8upzIv1CHapc5QMiQY09uyNKAUgC6mCxH0hNxA2W5TtNAvfe+sBPHHy1B+F/K5njp2kcfjjYzf+1zHedYii1o3NKnKRoyNi48RtUmKuOllJzTHNJpVUIC1UmbpDt9OMxyIAi2E7ZzJ8pGO1ZTsIeJogOYAv3X6Ih4KcChm9hnGsI2DIeKAYfEpFDEgwskhXHyQOyIa1HTUVOBCwdxYmwmk4oWV0goKMXUbKZsItF4U91i8TzEi59U7k5x85fpdw8sQ9r/xCEI6/+N0bAbzuM1iYZe0qX51KfTz0VIeSgWJUY/y5dqhVZnqRyFTUdKy8bF1BmHm9RtNZNgXiaTLQQXefDfghXGet1kCWrPL3+Xgam0O+UostDBwjJjwhgBTxICV9TXWpzci6ASBtTEta3hJdRGqpLEiqUrfiGBKoI5lE7A9gmUHjvCe63QpfOsEciq1bDuCLL504/rN7XvrVbD/wlRtSOLc2r88rYwhgOTjPeTmTMFbdrrTYIgmVHBzpgvVQ8hUqF/lWX+VX66ZUap5+VJWFlrOBqWdAaLUj9FhcyCucJnSHO14HydCMudS3On2kKkFaeAg7garQLySAskgvUeaKHq750IUmDTMTE5iG64lIrYm6aGUWLgTNYCReYEWN5epMuocIF7echV/7tfCT/OXf/PL/sHBvtjFQ6ZmM/6QdlZJ3vSgSyabosNHcBYESNYg32lSsRC7XHjmifX1BoQAQEupZ6wYIXCbEM5p/UsImTV5352oS5FipJlRpGs8PjN4FEka0GlI7odZoivtCK9ayZSkGoN2v5HCoYtGjggUAsU6LgTBGSdvsKSlFLa8mY1NRdtx7hQzW77SMYeat6KS8csFjpxru2HM7XBeRLXRdqp6HTEFrMhTNgk3RdECNK+WYelwSt+ZRtaevJGLaAg7ANaFHQ69BEgZloczIxk8C1nSdp5WyQeO0U2QUvCRhypp9J/ZZHWkikZKyoKWIl/sRpJWUqLMAG0K4Eilm2e0Qe0LqfrDlIN08BG8ngK06W7+Y6++co7OzQaDKOXSc1rzl9IVwNqId1xFAtFYhrlySNKnKqELA0pbK5syvc4ZpTNy47OCs4xlPy8zK9CcgWEzh2Kfo5k3SF5EFRVEXYwvZPGt1DxNlHNLPnaDMb9Kk9tNER9yc3xDKmcAYS0UyKEetcEBhNHaNjJsD844CWMxj1DV3rSlKfH5t4WrqyoTjY9zoU1Ar9OVaZIvKOtEBaNZJ22hDjEWku3qgU8UoInc5AzSKTM6v9Cw462hrVq1DoElAIbQsHApFHFDmAZERARClhlrNPZ738thRdFoYx6sDMZVoORhEiZ1fY36W+HPLPLWOElyhcd1Bu+b445WbheDtA7DWRRttEstDvzY7h7ZzHmo4pIGcNwNvY94nFWHMm7nAS72snYApZMRda60CC4zEWFZUESOYKSIEDmb+l08ckajz+y5evHhma+tP913c2vpoRWgHcpzozJuFegDcbMwDiQ0++1ECdNcK/UxR5/QuDsSup/VnmeBlxeYc1ij9FkkyXVW5Hi0L4u4Rl+yadzSFaZXq9aepzUPI11Uz7OBZONYUYejylYq9MQEyvfaKh5SwSSv2BKDUVzqhnThRgpAtCf3M19nIkXrCRVLYg9h/c+vs0aMbr7136fLlq39mj6uXL1268s9z586e/Wx7sROSEQIWn5sJtLmxny2XFbFtmFKfKslROVfXqAKq1PoZoKo8LunXdAf3TmhAxnVr92KvBnB+JwGUjMY1De0P5SbhRVwGpMQVqhGEgiRGusOGv0If0PonSMp4Xp+UcUZ1TZu1E4YAo1Ixp/EYVvadPdP7waW/vvW39/97cGlp+7nnth/Z3t67feDQI2+cf/UPV6/863mGImUipAAcBXqCojmii3ogei2FCkkuRWx+volVKjMpi0BEBQ0TLelo2SFsvC6tFh/skZgZh27S1bqNAHof2uEpDLNvqvXuKs1Ha4R7Y97jR7M7ljBAEyj3Mt11XUceEn7YKGUy9jFXjuV/eN+Z4ZV//+P8O2vf/u3T31j75JcOPPH1x5cOLCwt3L1nYWHP6dPb29975/zbV39fnHk+QB6UKSQOh93Rakyc0cDVRaWR4Qttx+7ygPekQqhRNon2lc1AwyYrwNdwp7dM8WxsLqZEIc1VpwVvDMHbCODM5+7uDpYVulEQkmS00isiT1w01VivTyOsPSXqiJ+2gMKZJWhNuJoK/GyF8OSl/5z/2ucfP732rXefeuw7R/bvP/LEF488duiFpx5aWFh6YM/CA5859InTj25/9Y1X377inn0TJLFU2AgZUWhyTjdzPg7AlIw2SBPjnskEqadwblQ2oyekkJA8n8A5odP212l0Vuf62ri5TEvIjSF4GwGsLn7YGu/U5JS3NWORq5mRWXcDsEya8lClmVu6DVmNREemcs/k4oLaLtL+mCD85a33v/+j04efXtt78NNrzx7ef//DD9//7pfXDn3qm88+urR2eG3vFx5cWnrw7qWHnnzy4FdeOP/3985tHSVR8D/irS6mjeyM6qJh5gqGsT04WOORjK2xZ8e2LNX24JGJ6zaumpkyUIFx/VM7YMBDHQKxgDUMAVbLTwiBsEEqEYLQh0hIkcrbSnmJ1Ico4mU32odKVbVNoqjbqvuQdLW7/dlq25V6x9Bmu7SvtR/84ivLOp7vfOd837mQQt8VtgUtoTCgAORhE8JLxKQLxJiKdWG1pf0ojkz5Meq+rX2i2cW7xeNavDPoso3Voj35RsbfVRcA81j8fzySSMTkMUY153sYBoT59qwn4PVCOEKyhnTxIt4jSYkzRqBIajz96Gdffpx48uTtWGF7c2eof3bVgA+9LiZm7tGZ6U1t7q48XCqubq3pi7HY9+X98ehQ9YPf/P2x2oYMd8DranFByOEjDkQQNchCJMjiItNKGbbQZOTtbkdYUgWREavadkLb+SayZuMZh53jMIqtj4w5s1g9XWcTQXuQcFmQq/D48sB6nXdRFMvxpMir5AiAdhhA0s8LjTJW3yB+8deXG08QXq8WY8tyLJee7D2Br3frvlZMa3vlvcN72vJE78XEQnr+7RiduTkeE+h3Y7/+w+cPfwIh+lM4h41rAIGIB9EE1eZH7Bfus41xvIkLEn5XuyUkRQAb7pPy36HCJ+OjuNvD5OM+mxu7QFKhuDVYFwD97JmQ6qmXuw1uE6jJilK2JY7Unh0C/zn3MWdSIeaxdeE/UF12Yy5Pqm88+ttvXy7NHaBnLjGH2sVOdeKqvlar393JZGwlMVdK0rIwNWEcWBu+Mzcla+vT6fE9TUBt5fnvPn0Y4JpI0NHRwZKUncTdbaimI26ccrtIr5mw2XyQv4C1RLBRQuLzRjjJcO+NDoBJHIa1NndZkJQJmT314cCzNzz+5eVMYcZoKAxSyTwkIyLuaRU9hCfM2jDVQzSKl6GZa2nHfvz40w+fd0cry/rG1oOJQV1e3FtPXFzTrybuzCR3po9m5y/2DsaEama390fz29P6ci5W1jM0TacGnU5BkG9Ovnxhf2/EiwE4MGoWEVhBwqzGuT5vQ4S3B8gmzA7aUD8etcbzPjJiEE4WukPmHki2SCHLaf81g4bb9QFQ/OY8LZ/tObl84YBxZIj9IvRCjjS5O98asHnbbbw1jwShi5FcA+2YG/gbv/vnl+/2K7SWRLBUdbqCsLq1fWX+5qViZW/u1bXyzNattQJNl8qxxfHxcixarjhpWnY6aadTuXtD15d6nxz+5dmjHyJdDrCIRJz3qp02ysrzDYgmIMmD03Qi5zFjXFASLaFmFaDfJMa/rl3GgKdOXdjddSayS7ncLap4Iex1dHEUJJusnIgzoY44ho948S5jI2KigGoxokjg4RcfJ7aTUymnXK5q8k5uvzspO6Pd4wfVe0pmeDwVTR1UaYVWohvTc+taRsgcljJyar+kKVpldnglcaRnbmyXtq99+A7BmCRqhGrtoSCPQ2T1AOAhEB3ozWJky6FLdfjMeMDFiVkTO2L9T+kXpLB8XQAcwyzfTBqNuoL+kM9hQ10CiQrAtoVBGDj8Vh/X19bFST0mwqLyoKl29nsvnq9N3CrPrFfpmCAIUTnqjGqxSozObUwqqcVqxnl/H32QSi/Ob+9eitGKkFpY6q4WFH3hzrI2s9/bu5IpFXeuTXe//+xRT4c7TOIijmoWBtgwy7jZuEoFALTFpQYvheO4R8qyzYidWTU7ctqJkWCNZ8+LSD521QXAOH5GxI+xcSPL1gqR2+K428FOH2mHGGZMP3EbF4A2iSdJN9/R5nn6+WfJAq1p0cOKEt0rKIjTtAqty9rhRG/igTZ1ZUujC5rgpBcH5VyUzsQKy6WbmwVNV9ITicSqXk5NzM1oGt19c6cYPfryW+faSTVAUTASCKtQzCPdzLBtIs8HYMDODYQsNT+JHDTpII7dpJgfi6Ny7sCsak8f+zon//8FsPO/3GTlQkE1Ym14K2S1QVDzupepZpaNYMGIF1yHXtBD8nbY1/fw2R8Xpm9Uhkty7mBh9sqdoqxVy7qCyG14c/dB7xJ99GamiFqtXEWEh4ycLKSmyoriTFaOrl5d3d2PanQ1vTyTUkpXE4mZ3NFnn7znMgfJPms7ACQINbLGtAxHAoAKQOu/47FuKxcnGJek9llZZJWPg6NEMAL99XIiryN5r0mQDLtEf15qtuCo39mNrAU5EsmaAE4MwGxLhCK78g7WFPzoly/vX8rtoOZA9w8WM7/amsjRWrlQTOv0wczh8KWipiilVMGpHZYqZUHeOzRQHKoISn/hUklXMtrm6qR2I5FYEyrpmXRSq6z96ZNvE83Ah3lbAMQwjJLqAAAgAElEQVQjbgoELgciki8cFiFUTwcwIQCaRSR3OmwD4Y6T6gk1kGLdrJznjIsc5cLmvLFsCDIYM0baeCjargccBHee83lGeIm5IDU4HEiJ/f6r8YnEq6NyUk5Nb1bp0mTG6ZSV6PL6MB1Lrq/rqKKdyt66oFdKyUyyPIjwpPXSYvT+Si62s/LmrDw+VapqS7s5OlbVpx/cSr669sEXT8OubNjuNViQb7Hb2U4jqm4nzSYWSEH/sQ3jSZ5z+A0mJOKghlsn6bCO1gvAc+6T0WTj15hwzNM0hqxlQ57A44SVCcI+rwdIPpzwA6oDeSfVF++xw4cvDjaT1YXh5PT8euFK4s5id1KT9Vx6afGe4JTpflqOaQjBRc1Z1auHFQ0R4dTCUVFXZlZvLFS1u9urpd1lXTBO6pWd2Y1EoriyEX3/5z+lYIB0tOA9ARiRatdzCD+MhI5FEPBCKuCJ5yUbquDaQiseFs8Z+xS1uW7jLOb0noCPVE9XlEgRQGDFOJy3Och2C96GiQ7URPjrcUb0eoggyfg8BNP6+B9fbWb6++/1d+f29umpuY1CMk2nDpWdw6HhIecQnZ64lkZkiMhPFoQYLTiF6ObGP4m72tg0zjuus8jdNT4f+OHlBlQGeoAOGJtssOk5J0egJUeN3TiAwAScYMx5N+IXYUPArt2CTRxiO0s+kGW4nrQs1rIGpVuyWWsnTWoVZVr7oR9aRVG3aR/aSd2LV22apn2YJu05TLpk2cclQQIJBAj97vk/v9/v//KwtiEA4+x2/fXGjj8cYWP1ufHL8G3i4lY9vLS2w/OJub9//j5Ca+E2Ak13AOsKaLuhw3NaaY2heyBgw88OSgUSrWJf/cep4x47IXfIMs8MQHmrN5VubxXJpcIHrswMOJSox01ARtS5LG5ls/xoIqz6uGQSIHGrP7xfKc3m1s+Ifl6Aq0vgQLrgZwTu+pWZvYYAQLa8kWAggEahWCwycPfzMyDEhUVenC3UV3eifs7Plmdmgnu+cihcjnAsl6pz3KZv4YN/vqztUeqHdU4d6UZxqEEVx4at0mXWKtFjiIwejVOUVMqLD2pUHR7SNaCWjT67lH7L9zYXolreZTF5Nf1yl8TMgX4Mo0g9elDe36WgXFBJkEifNXDyLqIwOQ78409XQbgy4vPNRAp1KO9AnmG5uQjHJ1K5GFxv8CV/Ez+4Bv3+Yp0dq0YZkFxMRreLQ4XVpWQ9IoRZNijkciwIhZLVcFJMneFKlfztvx68Rno1iJVQkcc7iAGp7U0rTcj1mF5yOwKoh/YGcDoup2Ro+wB2GOm7eJhWPzsAqf28Rrf3ixT5IdqEu3om47LOAQuCHjjYTNVniBM40ka+hJIBi5nUXVN9cIQXi+Xp3enKCseD8TPrR6A5GxvnBQb4t1dmGfjMyDTvILe5FpnlGvPLUGgb/Vx94RWfzzcys5mvRYvAz6dAbOc8KxaNIBxhEgnA/OL3PzPLbBZocgetCCJXdxIOLCDTUm09KC3rapd1dUNS0aMeaTDKQFwcJQj5Uyprxv8HgK22mEey0loNDkU/Yuk76dDvj+D0E8cpwun8GoU6D0mTb3f+kKxG6zAMIQIhjgtdryyucJByBUECjRUl9gACxMQYNYJTZ+bXYZBDHRidDyar27HV+dJKtiCK5YXdhSAQmNLpkZIgcIm8H+KbT4TTH77rsgUM9h65ZkJH956Fl7D/G0QgI0cPOHppQxuqt+JWi5Q6UEgJBD05+YQB/OjWG1/BsB+/+KP3HgMw0xp8fqS9CBtF4I8lZX1KipgcDWADHS6EVridhEFFUTg1SN351b/mV9jtAjS59enKfHncD4S8hBnwczy/v/SMolhkZqPlqpgPQfli5IuCUYgM3SttCWIwD7bOJZd8R4/6rhRZTtxeW+WM0XCRB1Oz0dLe5T//5esKAxWgzRApnQ7XKOxuGzGQcXuaUxhIH6732hVtSodC6rMbUFFm7ZMF8IXv/vJt7L1v3/xJ/LHmoklTvNWi+vAHLloplFQc0Pa7EcJk8hDtrxoMih4dcrEzYHZN2Jyf3w/PwRWYKjRWZu+tJXeWBWYfs2T1fDNu4QOTN/JCY44TufQQI6TTF8oFjgFHwFV/YenKfHkuJexsXoJ+j83X0ykIezYPOYeplvzQwYx//Enr+tITOI7TARuB4ARKEr0EopMRCIlYNVjGQNoOwSjuMGhVevWT7Q9858aL2E9/+9atGxj25s3XHj7+rrv3QQ394dthm96B7qeQTtI2krAg8naPHAlYMDu0cOgnn96e2nydDxULsVQQRBvnUtFwQhIrpcpGQspU5ROccRkwgE1wMHDD4yC9I4yn6uUaqOyuR9gQly5k0+BqKLG1tlDMjmxwy7kiRI8RSrGk0KgWzmz/bh8/jdmEw3C1UurAcIdCR3o9Co874MLJCbIfU3jttN5uR+hhyxNm4TduvHXzne+/9tyXfoBhz3/n1sP9ga0hQ0rxSD5V7+rO7Fde3YTMpXUgtNeFos4uWa/V5Zy49vz92wyYDeeuLOzunZ7Orq7yycWYn+d5lgtxqUiRE2AYs8GisLRbznJGP9z+AC8W6tXlq8nK5ZlKuZbeKVfH15O1MFtkTuW4IA/E6CxvBNnNIYGPTAfPfdYMD29AbbBBJ4TqHR4C11lax394Rx1m3QkUzWCd9IQT92ifdHfWje/98Odvf+vNW1/98mN7oKbZGhZH/2PF5R2qu3Glops+0Gx1NGdkmUMwXiidTkc6bUibvuPOH6HV8KcKVR/cxI5e3uLy0eQUkEADoNYonQ+x56HfHTuTL+RrqUgaBKM7PFOU8ItscKlTwUJtK8gBPrx5+dLepSwEtwgYiXXEPBfKRQAobcyN+OASdLR5MO0wglgQmRfXHdOQreKXQwZl6F18QuXpGHbrve7hx49a+n+z8Dfj2HMP/hHgEQDV+0OEnW0PlPykm1BI5pOWcgwOfaCdnpQdJHs7aELn7EM8Z3HU8/JH95eixm1BSMw1KtPV9FIlBfIS+zJ8qpge4nKRjempEOTgbDVYnxmpXm2slNcAEGpTIFbNN/Yu7VY275WT0fA4L8bGWIarlasFiYKM/Kmw5F1EsDLzymeQ+aEQ1Vj7kJOIDifNsn5rS61oFJIFsTl1x9smpea5To9K+aymNTP7JvxBFUmrIKhmPChkkJbleJ9GhpvICbpr9KDLas+Y5VIT0LufHik3EsGCWBQhuYKdUjbaEn28EarAWnVKEECuweVGfNPpvc30WjCZXjwP0VxeXajGhNTcWmUP6sDC4shmDIpt/9DKWATyOdwsjXNlaJyNUO4UsvXfvO+WT9px3IW3eaAb0ipVJNWayeiUGwiEGnQocX1HM62rNZh6//sYy6cDYMvItQK5S2VpBcMo7prEHErP4dG2gQ6ZGu6KJKQZhblXOh/ob2PFWhRubFAIRmPXOSn9B/Fjayxn5AQuuHRu1l8dSXLshaMjG1vpTQijkFwRFteFYOn06fR66XohmK2ujy9UUwKIilPsyrnpLeP6hSvLQPoqSQUJheryx7/uNSE4Trpwwq2DmkWD9zRz52rPCbNqgtbu964fp1oFYrv34aOWnhqAzcbT5vSCNOnV+0UgDNoeFBhkDtdJjO6zW1+9qDh7wt6Dqv/NzNX8ppGfYY2FYRTBmIyxLY9VDMKx+JAPBgJyMrKUkRaIId3ZAc9AwGuYzGSp+ZgCGRgwWBhjM7GN4kpYlie+ILHKIbeVfIm0hypyD7vRHnqp2h4qbat2I6G9VFtV7aEd7GQ/klV7c/YfgJln3vf3Ps/7e973LzIih+UaaTbDW1VWfmWWG4hh1GumZLZy3MOybASv0495IouVu7vYsqfCoZwUoQttkiiIccyTypbjKMqjlMA3cllGjAhd8gDHV31MfNDQToZqEfg3v/v6YxcCKoxqcA4B1dvILGAzOaM2rRKaWDL5Xz3d6JRD+eqbD8+b1PpLB9B95SIOoyrbdWX4u4HLEcvoa6UyBGlVUa2sqYwTNsWiyvTlv1549sRsrUZTMoQGM2xmOIMXlmupVxA6SZZvk6uRMpfJlBq9LJkUB7fDp4yvmeNwT6pVSvJZDM/ImIlPhRWCjdXq6R3au3XMNGQuTedCA04usKFOUvjtZ5AirL8CgNBgZmxggYXkfEaMLtu1jVf4hRVjk+OOi8UnY0sax81LB9B/3k3VOxdHdWff56JXwdcAjm+7nXJy352FbOez14vqv71I7VOhwf2R2ezz1RIs7JOTroJL3SeHR2LuPdYs0sIOlqKbUnLvlMsMEMws5Amq7Vn2pApcrtgjxGZJIo5wqVjKN3i0y+0fZnpdA2ookFQ8D8sfJhkvvfy1ZWNyzWmaNrmn1GdnMogOAASAORD5AFBem9DbF++fuzxt1nNvh1Kpv/wUHgwZDprSDp32h1xqEXk1CRxVT9hmtArk5hKkmJfL8vDYp42tklw6WYPPtyDEpfQDzksY4IXqHsfEWhjWp4OJYy9Kii1yRwy2sGp+YPHoh7ondbrv8eAVMsgKZazClirYPl0h+kcsKhY7xEnNDPc43lDL7KIypw5IK3//ud/tmFWurd15pHDNGF13LNdGhq4uQZB/ekKjcAEAAFmUfrfVNjk54h7SLL2LInK+nGpNCznfVOMjctm70CSgchR0ao1jj6bCOq3dZXr2p6Bv0B01G/Y2pWKaTMcEqQXXQl2YoVh080COH05ikkWRDAhskqv0ibbMFtu8zxDvidk6yYj0zi6xEoikPKnS0ZFUFII07sH2UZ8hccLJv2yAvQJqgNnT/3z6y5tq93WTVTfjuvf+lHNcDTn9+g8tE8MXd5lXw45prXN0Rg3OWq4vvhsaY7uuip7p1Lq3Ljbtc+B5bF4FIMhpVF2zDtsdE9sfWEDk+csYK3MOlqArZT4Ec+0CSufhOB1hTiKrpFCDqVLH0DvexfBNtBgPCSscmdlv8PAKR8gskTw6wOrSek/wklmsRaeeCBzVKB1gzRjaI07rHByrDfoOcgzCkZN//so0OXl2GwTVYVnQOUZHlsA7Mn359qSeGNCaNb1OcTb/rkzmZ367YsY2/daNlsqNuOST5f5Nl9KquK/Tzl6XhdScemMDAp/9fgE2PDzKEEyI9bE0L/C1Bmqg6vhBlV+pSJQvycFpjifwCkdlsH7u5NgnZzsslxaeh5MH8oHYZ0L5bCfNbNKtwxjNFVPEaXmB298V6E4CDjBiITZobxt8/B/+aL1m3AhPahGHAzm3xNghy3f2A5vM/hcnhkaXfnwH6KUA6ISUN8ZUpjcNlqphE6B0jjiV29s2O6AGLZB6Y9yxuLZkAu9+9sUnoYf9ymPUxz4IPe23UKIo6za0nsKwHZSlegQRQUnaC1dXd+O72HoRJUjiWPCiFIqKdHAL9+A77EO8nz7MMHA1LTBVHOtJQixOolIzw6DBRmoXjWXaOdgc/POz29r7qujSDDjkmDs/UiYdFmP022ecntcM/aiKuzwArfrBgKXxrX7k2oxmG3Ldcm6DwG1Qua1ejKqiOrsJRMC7v/g8v0+leS6+kEjJCB2ieTziIyU2sZttoSsPu0XRh+6sV/JdtEOsPiakOCGnJ49GMuU8S7BwtfCALtD9dimV6jCwGRZxrE92YS7eIpq4JASKNClJgfXDLZ/w5OVzyKXUbMv/OuW/jcwPTKoaB3Ll9bODCqX+fyzluzxz0dLMWzlgB4B7iBx6Ov38pF+vHNi37LIodUHgR+9/8YnXSzXXcRE93N3D8o1SnDjZwU9FgefY/VxRMpS41RS+5eNLLMzyW+UHhgVDrCNinj7TquwF2QV6i9+sxrECyjwNBHrlo0QwVDjAD4l+PYiSBTTXF70lwUdRW/94Dsr02WKZm/NrFbpx1VXFtNttvXBDL7qhweI81U8BQPeVN0uwZg4AhtRh2/lA7k0FGFbNa3SA3yWT2Y/+/flenGL3seWscFSWjoj1cre+2/B4sEqsa/B6NyWpx8D5Ki+8x5J0q5CAUR/D9+JPZUFSl7FBk83ypoSaE9UaXyDTBQqGfUwHX/YUHjS9DZHlerWS1+yDAytE96tnEGIM2/2OudnBBdMV18Rg0luJhKPzGgWg+T+veXkA3vrBgt7oDZPCfcdq1zit/otZadAxPm70XwMRCEDAma+/eYG3qFDW49kjK1xyH6uj+QqTXcZFctNr2EywkfixTK1rUq5N86slVqi3YmZekNoHHjzC9dqh1azMsb1FIcbwwRwjK0H+hDvAsK1OKFQMBdFAjGK8XLIuEoGvfnYDRABtdE0rF2KnA7kzZXSEH4XnIMWtM5tu8acC4P3vb+CbnFbcsq6NKR+NmKYdF5t7rZARVBsBBFEPqf3zwx9+82LZc5hIN7EmW67tYVlmP/e0V8dFOnsQyNHJdrOEsmY4Vqcrp7lYh2lieESgYTJC5OMLgqyO4fQptsOSbKHUSAwos1CNwPliPgbLsWiOl0/bFL9ACXS8mf3rl6ppBNApbZOzirDy3qx+Xu30A/9l7lpCG8fvMAqOpGUU21EerpOSKDhxHYcUEjl2PaOGjpaxxXpCPbJjxcRpHI00qIodETuyFScu8YM469iMae2aOL7M4nbapsemD5YehjI9dGFvpey2UAqllJKFli5sCz1UcpKZhZljt9mLfdBB4vs/fq/v9/3wWU1lwWGEPi8Afiqbb3AgU3O9WplmaHHBPtLdmQaNB62HYQDuuaMZm69+sKWGZrsEk6ttcGpIEc2Tca7Q2acb5BFfpJlwqH2iKJyiGl3ynAg1PJ5mOsoQGX+VEWgifBCPUnTmtxSabhXiqsOsURa8XopSocTWDmKb5FaHQtFwUvV3yP98ZwUyTSMO0AEY+wd91hFAf8eHuEzAEjxhvWMQPycAXq/l6nzfoOmSZWyfgh5NDuhXIfH2gPWhHtHrH1oHnJepmt4PKqovt9nJt1o0RSTj0tayp8zxKn5VTqJRaVuOhg6PU43yBrGWVkM51XZU9sKBVJE9ru3t8uF2jGcYhvcqfF2rmmRz1fNiC9UYMtlkrrWZFFD2XqSmBi/L5J/fRAxmnRV36GcRwAoC8Cw8odrdVd2M8YFueHTC4rokDN4sgEOX2XzzN3Qvg3HHODTUAwCuAXx6GrbgVhgxPoau9E+hvxS07ECR2yqrJ/WodabByT1JkRcxNnIvlfHHCWK3su0ha8EAim6UM6mEh6yiXqnpJ0l/NFGKyqjGldmQGXdQFuIXpXxYQtPB7A5P8PIGKpUqfKTRqCYPz774e1zfA+oB1XiNIIaZpWnrpd7xuG9FD8wM9a+4LEugb3xGvNGBLIuaKIToUq+3l4u58JZ5RQvVH4xYfDA+i2i60tA1gfZf6T2t/SORiisYqrQ2l5f9ZZpZ3w0pdKBMevyFzgHXETJkU+G9XlQW0ES8uIYSyUwydVynCS4v84pis7kVmm+y+WO6dZikCQHdVS20jZJlLOulsIjQPjn+6PtfmnGA4uKgERkxgjDgAPSXayhOAHOmS0KlaHjumBy0mFZuTojbruWtxD7c9IIpLc4DOh0wi8D6gbkVHHf5HAvas76r0vu771W1LZiRpDP27cC+3+M55CqtAHq/WlcOPJ4cXSMbUaKQopN0LmjbkNdDhC2gAsZ2ouVSJlfPh+K0enYZicLueYlOZWs3SHhRfi3otmFZQjqKJNYogmvt7/6pm450QTO4fgS/a9T5nLorDoxFB/X6XlBSe83zt+5abgzAK+1PNajsU/dg7+LzKRBH3lrseQjrFqDVHqcZWunrZqqnrgO+f+xrLVz+UNCfZ1AlWmuiEn28RiWPTqI5MilkPMse8jBAVDZbp1FqQzUR6EaIVwKnNfUMk+fe9t7m2xR97MVshMRQmJuxoTxmcz8tS0qsdsCGY5tHAaXUjG7/8dmwfXFRdQStDy1To6JoeQDe7X5D/9fxRWhoyrr4CkXqBgBcBa+JOeJzBLHcBX32fqNvzKlDgEFkFepT4Z2Z7OqD+q6L1x+H/VqKVAieHypMui3w4cMGWUCP6YvyaVwqdjP2YdQW4QQ+H6IwRlHyuZ1GWRYSzUyVVdiDEIoxbgXjO0dnyUqYsmE8RuWr2/vlBEnuKrFonWD2yeV/f/LmmG8UdGp0S4toXHrsmMLxbiTsM7oc6uU9ALxE0GS8KQAXr1JZQ4bnA06kR5sEIC7AyFi/yXcLthiRfrN5ZgIcN5vNfbeuRqN98rtK4zzDHkXXQgJHyJi3kNlKCsKTXOM0LO00j1rrDMooXEpgmPI2yhMnSRp9u1IKUwSl8Ki3WzkKbJ/xRDmTKSZQlEjLio2nmObO03h1PZ9kUSIklKr//JrBYBjHZ0dmYQSeNBhxZNUBaF3dcz2iWeupH/qW88W10zd/UwBe93nZcSugXn04YMUB2KkbBXEA1OunYXxwdEmvV5/orM7LqWjgs7+5WVbm07Tq+mI2G0ffVxivl0dV9xf1uhlBQO/Rdc7LcjYNKxUgmfFi1BMhiBEaZ0bDzx3jOZmXFRkNCGxavs+hDMsKKK8Q3nS95faqULc/fLawsODzzeoGrDNjE7BOD4+NWW7rhx9P2q9SgUOWK22C1zSc/t8AvKaYr5q7w49E8ZF9YsRkEEX7gtlkmh98iNgfWUCHuvl8xqtBfdAf6rWqVDpjCSHN8EzurKBGEVg2otS5YKPRyCSI/Gk+TTC8ewNDqVapzOx3UsUdNiXYVCiptW2UYkuFNJddQ9Fgs7ZZks6b9NbeXka1RV6Jzh+w9Xr+1x+9Cw0NDan+ymOXuu1E3YBzGNDrfYAewHs1NYCutpLlihPVP/gZayb8+Gfa73e//JrC+qtLZ9cNTzgMcxbo9hQkjjlnLYN3tYzry5E1b7wf32FoNsIIMZQPKif7CSZIHKwJbkxu1WPubD1fKJ9F1JN9FGjF1htkJk2UNqs0hdpOuMDOXiJQyLUlArOp+zXq91zQTfL0lFz2VOsZevdid7/O83Rl56/P5rUw8pvzveDKkh165JxUPa5p0GRCEK3fwdflM64uXMah832frR/4g3fe+ZH6th9++xUAZ8BXndDhMeixSzcxKD7S1tXsAqatWjPTCwqm2P+hRKluSKQuUXzkSH56GpR5RsFsMnG/dCZHa36/v7TNteMtlMvHeenQn7kfSwvU0xyBoZ1alCCOiwkmYsPQ1i6b2ozmPf56hVQtd6eVU/9I/3ohEnrv79+zWkw4MAbNgZCmWTgKzEBmEFl1+cwmZAVavCSjiCAovr7X5X+r3vbLn3wBgn7+i69oi/bGTz8F4Gve3Nutsovj8ISr60BD/ZZpWLeyesulSQyOmSwI/Jv3g+02H9nmCRvRDslCiDveqmYDZ51siSv7Pf5qiC1dSFKbi9OZ0BET43g2IuwXQ50sddKhOG9ASJ1rxTmGo4mWUGxUg5V4vNhRpFIp2Tw4y+azqY9/NQtPT+ut410RJLtuHnyufo0Z/y9z1xabRnaGNWiYGcVjwBjMYiSzdGxkoF6Vixlhj9h6qoUprJsx2GCCHeMJgwhXYYeLsZNi7NisLwpVsRCEF0tIkepqtS9Wu1XVi1I/dLuqtlWjVVPtQ6qqT6zysr2tVKkz4FTb5Dly5xUJHf3n8n/ff77z/bO8FsUAjimHehsiBs3Eem7/r1UfyPsH/vC7H/yM28m/+tpX2+O+YpfAWyt15zaoWRzS9nfBql2EDE9oBFaQQ7RzczoE+Oh5IxReCbH1OkEcxz3pUKZDFldX57dtUW4pnZfTB/FOiHjUrJNrjXl/c20pux31hzxnIY4+c5kn8DBD7xPLAS67FGxegqPGtnw+wDhty77l5TuNWqFt+/wabtXK0PsA4r7Oi14k3Dmo5gaGz1n5vBHDZUOXtf2YTBXsGdW/xgC+8f4HP/3BWz/+8Oc/emkFKl994PPf6gz/OtysmdRPTWO8LGC46+4EYCOGgWnwl19WAznPPkk3T5/EV/3hJJkKl05shNQTr26ld1Lkrie0XgiX1vxOXy1O7kqljTxVrrRK89I3E85GxxcgfJ2AlN04aa41qWhh5ajKceh1Xi3nIM/zJ7y+Evu2BFQOWEW3zCrLopEXFikwuR5RCLrA1Qi+cCtSopMR2WuW+L71xodf/8Ov4V+8//IZaJp8tZrBn3XymN2FKnAUAHh/GIEZkRj16ASCdLskKWWGt7/zeTpdouPxdW8l5yns0FXfDp16NxGVtpl2ko4fRPdSJTbbPEsGzphqPGdjuHzrl4YLOyHncd7jSVPE+ln7jDrb8HQ227XV5VZgy7cSp7tfMp/6+zdhyex9a7d9IYhiuNs6MSFRyt1DKpF9Ee2S8qBCewkgIqgVE15RMeGVaj7fbUftkpgBgCMACDIhMpsBEUcGNBCqRThYaJVBmFk7qfno+Wfv1FqtVp5gnSzhr80TtdYScdcmPWWbjeYq5Z/nIJ6/2Whko7bMitRZyLJLznEqGkp4V7N5yitlW858g7Cx6XK5SbzZaKS9lLN1GArthEK1d/4GfA/TDYqsuEVhHsYwHYCjI32IGbOIQMU12Hi9t/ZUt8d6QPoBoAleUQBVX32iHIsY9LgbEskwS9+F0T6oGDCgJrvdPmAQTOgmFIpJg8Qs0gDodYPYCDz+4niD/zJUNrEfIAJHZXY7R1CPDpyFFkX5Gwe5aOhufX29tLRCEeO2KCv1ZCkm60mXElIqU1qjvIF6fc+ZqZf2SjsEu132zz/ayju94Z29w0//+f05SC1y3x9Uq0FUrR6ZRnUX8JRVb0EAK2qMicHeXYMAF/R0RfjcmPxKAhi5zBdK8ZTEjUEalRvXT2suq4J8r0devyp3DZmHx9wz0D0e08hmbqAjwSmdG/6SI8QOMuQt7JIPpcWSp1RhGO+T1CqHcNarNFneijNFDpW0CxwhWarUPM3MlidNrB3Pn7Y7ZIVwMuXzI3Ylzv3H9mHFx5TyRZI+LzWYtcrvhRgUU4zBI5/wPgldZDWMqJBgAjIAAB3eSURBVEwKt8JiAG5ZwTGLiFcFCmdcYqjbFGEQB4auJIBTKruLwyUQOIspLlz2WE+pdfnjTQvP0SMSELro00lg8T2k3yWEB9CJQUyjVank8LOPFxzJrLRwchz2BMJlJlQ8o6JZotCurZ2QG+EqGcqR5IafGm82QwdhT7NK8q8PifFAphMPs9mjXJjNzefoBYdvn47aNpgqPyOOk38/fYzq8JGZIBzTGIRo1zlTo0cloypAG4FdiEW5qACR2bftctMoLOc2t1Aui4i1iqsIoNoMqYbUJrFS+Cq3441AgwpAYzEIYbGO75AB3oQgvQkyuUEtCvLVuGcfb2YK4+kac+aj0rXtXJ65W8iWNsLJSroUqDscG/liRWpbKhxvcwT5cNOxQJelUspWPDzclbZzTbq9yvjZpCMVTu0FdgrLfJGMvwn53dwkNjHH9zfU94sneEzQNwSrsZge4ROvmn92KLSPzZlVg6JF3nun36SKwQYtfgUBjEVevpgJimdfcDvDLEdHemw9gvT3hEguTAcNRAAd2AcCeAR+tkWFA3mixlBUlMmHjouMLelwVJr0xlIhRVZLLOttFre8W2tUodKtXLPZcIZidlsJW3Ez0A50imUqUT327aaL5PLdc0c8tbv7xZ9RlXxEO4JDoGJKBmJYkL8EgYWDuAuSaN0PYLB3WSix6i9GEUhhsksAnigZRNNXdS/8PyoFAAHVU0o5HDSNIhbx5WPimBnkXQa5dYpjuAC4pTaNmgG3DP/WH9ndLYp/IpfOHnXIYyYc7SwsbObPNpmAJ8QwBHsWdySdXKLecyw4TtakUt/JQWDFH5Ie0o76KQe66UfeRLOR2Uruv3dqy7yX+PTpnybmpoOojJ9LHAOGh7gRmHitohIETPAil5BxnaW7YUZk4qBgehoDMYEOs/MRVP8fBFA+gnLDtloxM2Dhe9R03RVhIcdBYTEk50ipMgYCCHQxMKJ1m9w3hv/aWaacRDtZ9dXpSnr/mKhzkSp6mtl8eimTucvQCwtxn5faIxfofU+YKnfodj3+kB1/b5Mus3ubqWSFoKROKtHKs5XDwpN//eUb91BM7YZ6jQ3li7fMIkyv6uZaxW0uSjhqsSJAr3pqQk0XfHtEowAFRBaj3HhffPUB5J3vYjet1jGNFUA+UYvHerM6BsTgBxphENLHoCGZy+jWXAPRUQy58ZOnn50+Kflox0ba5zsnk9Kmw9HZT5/eOdrMeYl6PsnHM0EUyU7IU4nu0I5NzwnZWaWoOxVnlGASTNOfGF/1MBtJLtYHv/2HHDJHFED/pbE1jN/HQIVKN6O2C5WQezQGy/uvPZh94VdpEHRt4WGVOGiCRFY3b7R/5StwVI3L+qe4kcZMVtAKDJu7Nn2S20Y4ooH7+mMqXMGn6QEJKhjk3wE+fv6bJwuZOl06bXKI5OTd8HrF0/Kz250158Fe2JYjuaOvlU0l842zpXTqJHnwH+Ku97dpM4/riVzbah3bSfNDce4SLCdWbSsSsR1bZL2wdFxXano0KSMtYV1/BnBoOxj9QSkI2qIyaAUnVFX0Kk3TKvGi7yqhkyqddAi10tGqOtgLxkaFxp02htgx4G66092L85OUo9X9AZEiR4pf5ePv4+fz/X4/z+c71Hayw7nvgLNudObD+Wv5xvOZutEzl9Nds2s13/7xOmwAxjTTRHPFOqnEkRJtxbrLWqlZjwo7cvH4xTBOF3hfLkR6LA5GNMtiOSl49STizZYYQB/ZmXyzEGJSWYImrTwO+F0RPpBDJFaKeSlbQagX9zMFG3L0XdfTgZH0aMdIy5namp7D3bvGxidbxvuOdluZ7XDL2eHa2jOZfSNDs23v12UG05+ebR8YcfYPPz/w+fHT013W3enqwa7TNb2frvz4H+xjJSVi0iGx6PwDN34sLtCw2mzSJOI34PyphKsZ9QUZNC7FW/WYgCdDBB+yq/qyFX5l0n6zxABGWTqJ6sWNuDIOfaF8JhUIE9DkDhAeuxe2mXKinbXeTILGd+4F/utLj9YX25/XzF44fbJvaLSlsXFuYeD9OmuHqM2PDx2+NHBqR1V/n/P4YPtUT29+9HJNW+ZUzfkTY03VV26cbMz/rmlsouva2o2ff79UwSaXbQGEpKyFUCiveHXMjRbHnoUDWdngcXV3wAWALaQIpKB4K8R6DlCBtx25nKvUEUjrcPaUKxRMbBqBFnULCd5DIzhDEpRI7A432MUc5gCaintbWaGTfGL77sHNiSvVLRd65npOTM1kOpr6M7MjN1rSg5l9x4eOVjnb5k5em52pqf0gn+45nZ47P310vPFmXXWmeip/oG5f78227+/vxGShk8bkVBhGXKGLD+mLSae88jJtRFAE9aNspwum5KzDSolaUYvTYA7ez7210k8gZSUGsLK52Fo3rBArqNs8gSKPoS0QeXhQAxcKGg83ZwBIr7NyA5MKvfuHpxsr1Zdrp9MjB7syVuo2ON8/eP70rd6JE8MZZ2ZH96XGiQ4oaBju6G1ZGByeHaj94NpxZ1fXgZ6Js4fbf3ys38YcNnu0kjuHukiHmYupzUE6TPotJioQlR6VpKNUzpfNqqpPDINDAZ/bo/poQr3q9pL4W+egrV6SJQHwbXfLbA4DNu7DdhfWRxnrxcJ4QwRnKmXajqCegJfgQCGDr3fhOIMfWfrFDxsrZ7t2DQ7WVVeP9Z5pnExDhVA+3Tc66Kw7cCY/OAP1DDPzF+YnDy5AdUjteKajY2hX+9jrx6+WGDWhsdF68WJqP8EoLAo0Q6VdhnTV9AhJi/NB+YQ7a/okpUKSvQzDs5UCahARAFQXUP7X04xyJQaQcm2pagQIjlX1opsHh+o4bo9XpuAhP5NaDgkksBayj4JenTivKJEjT776y+p8+4d9zl0LBfPesfl8bf5y9al8u7O/e/KTwTzM1C7dSN+6NJsehqXTmoWO0cXM+tflSyqHAwBQztCUQJBljuk+3WOaObZVkpcBThoqSUDTfk1RNA1X0Jg/ktQ9hKDQEqW6SJtse3NGLh4uMYC7/7w1K6nErgaTMB+haMDgy2gCC4cBaIblm5BAaAKvkJFUp5/ApWxWJPfo9/bff7axsrjpPvu84/z07MGFudGzLZdHuzMTBcxO9I88Tw+1jX+yMHDl1In+Bw9f3F3iGU1XBERsFmmQ1L0owzA2QPI4FEgDnOeViIDoelCMRyXK4YND7E2CMLFsXAGx8qjkJ0UK0f9f4VESAD1bs6HiSEN2zzE+ElKt9ztHNRNUucCEOJTkufJlOWDDEQNNAoZ2uDGaiAF+aenLx88e3FpbW4Pij0zXQH66v3r+5MRknXN2ampmoa27qqNrR9X7Vc6V6r7Vh/f/ffuLCKEwcMQGVCBYj0S5SAAuRKYIUeYMKuGwyVz0HNhasYfDSb24lSJjUSVAo8mGTpwLIsVTr61qaQHM+rc2ZxwNZWbUS2q0rKMETuvARWp+uzdk/V+QwHwihxdshx06A1DU0C+K6B4eHLl376f7337/r9q1W21NXVOTaefQ0X0ffVQFbWOcdXXOuqamxcXF7o31py+O3bnzGRMhGSZERHAjLtcTqsNnZqlQmZUykrtNSEijqNsQuT3bvFKRACahHCxfiVY0JliFJyMsXwkZ4Dve0gKY2zYgK6cZSJJW4UM1VRwI+F5P4bbOMIisIjyzSfujOJeT6BDJ4AYhgGDgt3fvXP/bo5+frW50F9BaXPwcfq2sWJ9fp+c2Vl9+9+ire/feg9N0g8do1o8oDIFUZPVzhSiCgzcwChc0zbTSXRErt8Vi26ZdUBepMlRGYCeTTmYxv8RZjCCSgsnLVvugUgAov23O+GSVPeSl3Fh94TeTiMoXGQ56+UkoLwippIct7n1UGMFJwnrD4xHouYunUtY1wty9c2fvly++/uHhy2frq+urq+v/eP365bOHf//rP3/65daYJ72ijSSFYK4SbE4xKUwR8bFsROEMGOKBlERtV26ILlPXrxJwtRhhH2JGk2U+2QNsCcxbUVoA3/SYfHHDFQtSBWfBzahskDCbLlqpvQ5w4DVwkpfcpi9BRYP7GdjzFBhoVwv7niEeitIJFrzzze0nt3fuXPqNv/zVn15BMnR7aeev7n6zLZoIl5ryRnEEiwK2OJuyYElq+iWF1XCovdNdZdi57ZUq1ZCQMhnWKrMcGsLcfshezQAhqYHSAlgQiVlM1cW1OjZzOaysKCC0x+UUFKvgKYYhaA/ZGYGeRgjKhVWC5yM8ARQOqEhcy2G5cpwhkgjJRJazHj0BtM++eO9jWFisd/myIWabR05QpYDf7iDIGBv1qTZIiQuZmTsUICMua8s1olrMwtm2rfKbRStiUUwPFSakhayVU/TRlQklXlIATTaXW7az55Y3u+3F4+zFa72ctAiMT9MMTVNSgkdEgWLPYdZbi0aXNZxy+2Q9xGgGU57N6iTBBgMgFgKQbdtdKYudxWSLpTdjtMu2rQceFrFWf8jvCabgYUIJ4RJYa2Ej+C9z1/PiNpKFkShLhbukKmHZQhZYaEoSSJo+6Idd4ICCYS7bhQm+CQR9CQhGf0Tf+twwh2WPc1r2sOQyyzKwe1owJIdh8ydtleRO7IRkdiAhrUs32G2rn6re+957X32Pxhrms7YnMbTls7wsN9e25+jz2cB5ui5Ewjy6k8z8tkEkUzw7St//g6NHOdFnWFWlHah6C6xAxQBlQPV2N3LS4DSYjmedbhJOYjNApRFhtBRAo0vB8uBfyUHt4lOInIVzdcGjaoNan7+1f2Tc5LJp35IX/jDSPY0h1uecttiuTNbr+NLu+haiVsRjEUgMRzjDdD067zBx5t/QgHV1SXa/ct5TPTByHWoLV0RLudH6olKXPxi2sw7pIzGl9XjohqbJnH0cmh7yhFknhY3CjQzV61qtW61xLrzZMD/MDa6VWfRsi+Tmrqk51d2Zp8lzwe2Ceqke7INVyz/g8LJEDtJFWQu6RjhDLde7G0JNpWq/hgH/9es/xN38/Prvv1+R1j9irz7IRvGE+jo3CzkWyqsfI82s3Czhhj3e8i2dLPgmUGWmYFaGvVzSQnaEEkhafQ4A0aez9pKPOH7DDYS4tueZymS3l8Y8YC0ds9oQdjrNMdWcDyaftXuZHhd2AcSD1vK1ooFQBPTs62zhf//3u7/pb16/+mkw3W//rwFH2uJcFhiaXcuuiTwyPj1DFFUi0ofp43xvhPWrwzVmjsvVncyYV5ES8CZKBM71C3vpLFQ3u5RNf7sagWRS6TTVOy8SVlqYsVK0iI/ktXDnVlL9c5d80PjFw4ACEu+3TmhCXvqurIU8fC16239+Ez/eSAN+IH/3uetUHIoa4W2ayKhIy5ZnO6mdQpMqUsVAanHqjtNWIU2yXg2qDhQWzrcrDg+JlHxJkusEkdv6AzLOWPxxN5TDuvAmYstqFi7vulwLfxzKAiyasB2VAWR+NO8uhT4pqm+IAc0ZubEoG2J3f87S+vIG/P6fP+sfyd997rLG2oyA98zWnPmK0uTsbLZLD5tCGNnxNxCQOkfpHjUkmTEI6bpUgJwHwVapDWMIbWQeYnmSTMs+coHtGt4KMNIOzC9ibuRIuVZL9lJNWCrQ+ssxwa0Um7/b/2J5B4lJWUFlmV+4X2YLXFqf7/MvvIV/ff3Xv3z3y5//kA88yVpuo9qMj1JgoULvPRhWX1LsWnUaa1yssFgkIvfrGUcH5ao81nngjqZ2QYOWB4I3TFEUqSh6/gXHaCgO7HI9g42/kCFEU+X5mXnITGHrkQjtjCdqOoCJLfxFaxWMIkQXZczEYwOmQ5xqfx2Xa+9CyPILB5H2l+9fvX715g8ZsB9lqSx7p9zoPTejyNd7V+7N1K+UA9RCyarhaxjeIgUGKHzu6s/uxT4VS4ae8LIjvJtP44Do3M8NgbANUnTnLtDfWVIIlfyA7S5F/gSbIpBmmgWugrtBoaPNrsvcwhjvZk2VKFQ1hUMoNc+Llbj0TM6X3D9uj8oyra1v39a8jHSjGFkfl7We285zBQJtuAweH0CR4Qe3HdmihL2Mcd/MbC7BrSsWakpP5EdrDroWJWEmm+BaoCBONa1qpN53a2ORPXSyYy8QYbUoZdLTApv2Dum1voOxYYSaZpslLD0kljnceGsA6Q3GtdX1R1oAObyYhBIEFgl7CtSOy2to7bh3h1QnaCtw/kpWNHsBTbhJzgl5GCb0KKXTutU+roqWVMKfD+THytF7tW/V62qnoolI/OtFQDD2DQ3wVaq1tQAeRz5GVWUo+7laN7URnoj4UrBSSesHjFJjaWtrhxr9UK0Jx7zDDVwCZWyOBid5G3dPzoCzdBjtbVZ0bQmARt4lUugiFogMzER5Ha4FiMhtXwNRjMe595bwedZ+IsOMews5kz4PcynU1eLjYhPfKdSdDOKFvQPjobfRab3wja0OsoHHi/wVV6DHYvEmVx0eymQLxrolX+lqdaoQygBUPzkDVr5eqJVNByLA8RHC5Rvn3Ne0pEwdJwOkvbVTEViFiRhSiC/pLQuxrTCtEdZeOHpVmutuzHhUJn/hDIVGEMqwiwHHm+ROvniacjfb9tltFW6Ug2OxAGdSD9Q5FZzblS1nnAjkcwdlFlm/yL8Rxfd3LsJWKH8LkSoX04tHGFZcHux7DhGFXrVOvFUF6cquxSavSw1A4mJZCsvv+JXOFlpRaMBQST+aEDmWrnlGq7t5M5kTKZV/m0iV2VqSwPo6ReXeW6yyvl8FpC2Qn4tMr3uHAnqiVla7zzRf7YY6jPUkDXg0NXe7XDxo4vbop2QyegsjZ5uu/CgpFyCGCADNU5AHXyolSoucKffY3WpNkClUf+AgHRay5QSReaIQ1SF9GCoLh4HHWRBDs6M9705u1jJA3tGoCVKdvW8auY5KZkaok2GoDfloOuNTMKAboP4I/UEn/jn4tLzDqRyn5yKZzSCtJdIpSaoYClASKCXIvZ0JTKQghxGaBKks5vc4OMyGdSPAy+lzrk2ysGPqyBjtn6VujV11ZE/stFfPspF6oSTRMDxcOotq/uQMiAHd84N85o7foezTcNEu3iUn1PIMVVY1fa5Hiq+7zcyctQ/FagNNc7m+JVOHr1FiChinKcuXseawMKnyDGd5w3YCjK/IqTfenI/Z6x21KYCB0mf8kg5apriJSfpsypfbp2bALWoaGG4ktGhmEfuMp3xPB5iL8GFle+7KY6BH2OtunUIQAs+IynwLT29sU9vL63vYZEUFE+R41wdhOnk0BcIQbKbMPzYFAxIyvVtWmcZvKIqrssmL9FbkHhHVAi02laW5NqlDVtvuiRmQBDdsgwbdMb2GXvvJN3YX0zxu/sT0loFiznb0WqC9EBpp1om/BvXV7J1GUk8ACoAwJYNLBaEZKR66vne7xXIZh6uracWNPbSD+809AiHlPIr47qBshrZVSKOK/a+983tpHPsCOJG0N2qapvRHWjsk1LSFJFuHJm0zVOgS+L5MQx/6Vgj4slCY/BHu074q9EH2pTL0oVhRq1hGRd0VsYw+DC7MsM/fl+//8b039fc4JrK2KpsDYpHrafK55557zk3uuZwI4/hAnSTrNTzI31tG63kBGpG4zAdL5KDcocH7H4h1bhtnkOBlMUEoJFHwzpfM4mXwozK8dOPMDUYpkCI67nZCVBM5a3ING0YZHd1QY9GBAzhBFuAslIhDXgzD5PQU/9tUBiOIsbxPz0FnOifWRBJ6FhjTVCdeGsB6/i8OuvYYNYY6H1pARNcjUHI5dDPMhKqqNJLJSU6lVLYvirVasVYTVTWHEVWB4nVFKSTpCgzf1JK/hLY7FZVCnUE732Mm/GHTOJYRhEi5XJZFhiKSQd4bIklSgQR9jDrbL4qFLIyHbu+Bkys+7UOyJMFkHEJmIkHOet5g0vdEMc8KUMJzKbRreIKXIZaaiIRFMsdxkxY5GiJUmYkJJkelVEbnQzDDJzCyQPJKIZhX0ryPzEyR2BhWyCfjXk1D9bQp6OSo92nqPfwlCFME/AeKwBSMorA0JVQFjAx5QxkiU0kFU6kUn+ZTQZ8PfURdiHqPYXwfFCrNzNL0LIdkls0VBvuuwy8KYC2h4zkTPXII2CoTC306FdfwFF2UrBUsZBMBnl/kmTwZ5ws0tBUm4svn4xSmEBk4CBNeVaU4GaY3UqmYx7hSfRFaqMSSCkySJVrgMUaSyrJM0nIRCeq/PhR2bo6bY2lSqL5XUf/B3oNC/9A5Px/ASTIfshaj+IdKzBkBqc/wOFEJqrWbW52spQFDVQiYi2SERFBHHr8msyqVKVSwoITmER9tRijfIK/1XvpXs4/7JOAhoU3+XEIH1WTvD5pmsSk+5uA2nwugkVNI3rK8mvf+3jVLZS4Xr3iT+qQcnL87eC7OOsW5QKxPZZAjQPWttDj5myIag7enmJScUC82UMA5YOxyodlkK3w2ifmZXyp4itXEHz085KuK/GIBxpKEMliquo6Pr6I801+czCVDXj7Hla3Fy9jYd0U/sslBcoI2F1E4QfE8ntT7flPv06pVtB+wZCqR9eSvJnaDw9XLIK4WT/8y5+GZRVFP/BCSR/yPoBovE6BEVhMXOceNvBMYMbSVWBvz+tBhtNdpZ+T7+NqPQkZPvBiuy/oURfjymHXGgZGo+/GwUSmBLJGGDjamMGgOR8L2GQpj4IdJ+IdcWiB4XEGvvXge6OaIoC2+RIDFtBC5wFMaPL4w69k+E9RCmlW0/k63S2PfO6OA1/CYHBGM4yTVr1B9OCUhi5bgyI5LQGcXFYKL1UswrUD19apVQcgQaQzDMlWsgmv8PEyFZakUtruJMokVXxxADy1gl6/+wGEUgK6O1xLx3GTRf1+cAO3s+2ojZrkAgxoi9bNkQi9XFPCYWSZxOctXOJrE9TFUzVHDQ5VkKoKCYZizSdbSQtg/P4bWaS72KDl4YDORZoyXBdDUheTVuJCICh6Hrq70QKXSmjd8e16WaZigptWs9ZQim8nzWiZDal48gQmUzqgMxsar+uCpwH1GFY/LIOaNAYfi1x5sO3KAdXxKvQZiSgE7N22GrgONmDSn43heLZasUs/W2rxYlCVWCCJcgfyUtStQy/cfGJyGGPLVvKZTgMAoviSAEqZkwaOEHpzZYvhFJo7HI/2Lsrq4v5a/8v8eb8HqB7YQYg05XbHpFJMrJAzwNDJigCIVjD3uAgOhQBgOWl9IC9Ll+rVh8TXtRi0QWZAtb1kO4BjJJW3pxPzgNQI01PfsYy9QL0S8CR9TW7wDRceDNzVb1U0DFcOf0Mg+LoGRySgBmr7Eozs+HMmx99bCZoRblGQMTqsiz5EiDBE/MK8T4Ex0bwmAj9O7PwAYoM2nu3B6/jZo7yTMawkrOzToyOsEGN3YPAFHjdVG8275uyFI7I4vzdIgzM9ejHPP6wRolb9rdsH6yt3ydyMSA4xenrQA41ovCtZa4L8fR2CBL0WetAToVmt77+y803nc620uwCtZ2wEzxnjzDLgAh76g6gJ0AQ4b4HR7/ELAuFOBc4/jpo5bGsNUarx5NyyAbzvTA+n8Ou1QPi03PjlsOhSl086VNi6VdteHBfCqN4+6Tk3AOFhx2vSs69hWvu06Vbq0te9U6enGpVIwNICXsrTpuOnKttOWC49Q+tFpy/FNx6F4z6HSpwAI9h23HDdei1LDGCHAf7P8Y4C9aZgY7x98ObRtebZ33gbG6ZcN+74dLPgY69sOlEZnADja3JtxpnTp5EvP3id00X7UjentEQBsL6821sDK217XFsvB5uk5MFbXGl/tWh4tWws+u39s2H7/yd4GjNOi0d6CLerGausr2N5aXbZt2mxAB/h567hxNnyAn6fBeQ9s7hoN27WZT5//3oK/3rTatjfQQQs+x3sHp7bf/2W1vQWM/0W7tj7/sAv2VsDM8vK6/V1FobbdTbD1ZvgAD7cAtPSTb2eNcfuranYB2OnYGiBa8Hn3EZy2/vzdtlfOe2sQ4K9Hu3t2LXca4G0PrKwfLdvbVXQbGL1z0GgPH+D+28677W9rre4326bHrVZv883vywe27sqIdj4dn4BxBxa42tpaOdjZ6HY/2yo970wfnzRb0Xe2U3Hvz+725k/dzroxfIBgobm01AbtQwdNd9ZAe2Gt+dV+IXa/ubQAe/9syaFScGg/h4BxS2n7q60LBH83mz+1wVnTSSTjhjHPHca4AF2ALkAXoAvQBegCdAG6AF2ALkAXoAvQBegC/NcC/D+JtOKJGARnGgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Looking Glass

![Path
Editor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Path Editor

![Pick Event
Demo2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pick Event Demo2

![Poly
Editor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Poly Editor

![Trifinder Event
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Trifinder Event Demo

![Viewlims](data:image/png;base64,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)

Viewlims

![Cross hair
cursor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Cross hair cursor

![Packed-bubble
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Packed-bubble chart

![Pythonic
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pythonic Matplotlib

![Rasterization for vector
graphics](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEwgk4w0t3k7UYshjo1GM39EOYL///+bm5vS0tIscI43WYwkho6BgYFEAlUlgo739/fBwcH///4fmoqqqqofn4kva46vr69BQob6+vo/Rog1Xo09TYpDPoW7u7syZY5FB1yAgIAfoocofI4zYo1IKHgjio0us3yt3DA6unYwaI4+SYlHLHry5RxHLnxgymAnfo49vHQ5VYwflotGD2Pt5RlHIHKG1UnK4R6O1kVCvnEorn/R4Rvm5BggpIZGE2UkqoNMwmyo2zT45iBz0FZuzlhIwW4ip4VIJHXD3yJ60VHg4xdEDF5HHG/m5udWxmZHFmm+3yZ0dHRmzFx/005SxWkkWXJ7e3slrIJIG2223ird3d3Z4xig2jlcyGMrc44qdo6T10H9/f0YfW+c2Tvh4eGzs7TV1db9/ewqsH/19fWenp4peY7y8vKSkpLu7u795yRvb2+GhoaMjIzOzc7r5e/Z2dm3t7fGxsbr6+u+vr/Q0NChoqFBFmsdbXJ1rDNgYGA9BlEsR3Crk7jt7fOz3iyWlpZqzVrMzMt20VTIyMg/nFUhYnOlpaVbW1soZoEpd46ZmZkfiWa73yMkc4onoXNqampkO4Cl2zYyUIAhjmeD1Ev47FBoNXif1Mz89qf95x7t9vWY2T0dloUuWok2LWjn9PFUVFTz9KEdpn9IoE82tn4ZjYhBvGk7PIIbjHtFL3spkWBISEistM0ioYYvQnBrSYwgd3950UhQUFApTnKCvjkoiJDA3Rvm6Uf/6SRlZWUifobT5kunxND0++9Gq1ypshPS4icjlYhRkaPg5CHM7biunMDo8qGDsy88PDy/xhSxuxpKuJpLpaPe4xGymLuX3HG0pcc7MnFVuFmS2EnL4BTR6FYomWmIhItmZ57J4Crn9KxBkIw0NDS15seq4rxmyo/Qvh7MyX9ly4VWe6B4b6RefaRtWZeQwDCAXYmg3qj0+M3e63pfU2uEmBRzeVH08HlZe6F10H1+0oX++tRtiq2prJiXolkRERELCwup8ta2AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrs2l9oGnkCwPFtKPx0e3KONYgUPMxDog8hDUdoa5NwTUzDJeCSScuUWNNG1PGUGTsq45/xwYeNNYJSyRICV2pbyiaF3RfvpT5cG7YHZbOUwN5yL7sPPbpc9+Eebl8O7h7u7vdv0pIzdULU5KE/KHWC4Def34zzmx/56KPdAT4MreOjpqPtHxPx7H90BMMT2f+o24DFrQgQVRBlS0q8rQkWd1/yhbe5JSCL3XHSb0nxtzmMsPtSlN/+NAYK/FEChv6TAxUZFG2o1CJ58zmgpILAn05lqhtZ4EnJIMgzQW8mlMoaZXgUbTAxGWTgqwzP8B0FDEneLZ2QZawwoxiri15QshlNvF7xCqVQSo4wtkikkfB6BZCE+TxvE44A0CJVhHzQXOEkKzzgBClqLYgVT25NTIv1srwm5vnCji7EBqvc60yuUOGrdTMjCRX7RjL1OtHwdhSQE1idIrKJSF6seuucPsrFOWGHtUnFlG4nIYt2LlZnFTZpqXBr/voay/mPADAhRtfkvAwqeli8s7UTA6VyI6WT0sBmAGKlnC8UEqDIAiDZgFLOR0scSHIpFoTsIRYkzJ0EtKEcwZJoZCo5D5Bkaz1R3ZEbGcAWQXFNiISqdYHVw6M8D/J8hfdXIt0HNCdiGw25EgR5BWoajFwoWcnmzYCRxKwdxNl0OiNGQQlaVYG8YWMLaQQY4oCNC8VBIdfRM9Bu5MycGKr7Y7kNWZIj9RCTjEElVvHkPSAez9YzkgLYUt4LtpQtrzEvHAGgAST+69HBSxXOntmOkCrmHXO2bDDwDZtSMeeCkC7NMq8tKf2GuS7KDVtaymxUK1moKHYU0MIB78aWmNjxRC0bst3ujXMWc6YRAWvFvBSS4wbda8HOeaUk/MLJGyuysXIEgF4FxMoRUyiaQQdJeN3EsmUmKEfNAkiVTTz8n4f3i6Ksi5Yj6Ry8baTM6EasY0AwCXi5k4DwA0BWztmYSEhXBB6dAjNL1qwVlDKWqK4YKaeyVvjTYgaEoh6QFfzwdnNM14EfFtIfxgfAYwRoqeo0jmhVF9X63mrocF94Bc1RuqrmKF3B035Ak1TUaxv8T2/eaH2vHq0VDzFSCV7rB71585PW9/LxbAcADSaNv1Tt2bNnd8Ma32w1HG7VrPUEDt+FVTXNSyGmA4B2jXf72v1bt57d1yoYOSSgRasfrLp1X6ug+egAw7VbeNy/+/MxAvw39oNjM3zMAcN3J0nps+3Vvx4bwNokrZr84w/hYw0I/Ugr9FvVJNgNwJoaNfnb1VVNgkcFiP1w7Pbq3JwmwS4A1iZJFfKb0ybYBsBSISbk4LMisOZ0WY2A1A+2Ij9tggcCjOVsIF3IwuWAUojGNALW1CjkN6dNsA2A+q1khglxAGQ2UmRVabC29BukqS+wH4xd+qa9gGUJpJOsAoDIFfE2aLYlYI1GTQ7OkapVx1/+1I1LOFGEeQn4G4px0Q/8uXje38pvhLa+WF4ggEsrM9+09RL2wBn1szIATILlAeDj+VBLv0FcdX9wjlY5rjxpKdgWQAUkDWSvdg2egkKMs7b0I63Qb2GB+s20EjwwoDWRpc8g8OtFsFha++Eq5IerHFdmVloKtgEw2Yind6ppIZeJFgjd+78DiR9qxX6oFfu1EjwQoCDW0/Z8KGZTmByb1vAdWBukVcQPVkE/OFoJtgHQm04H02ne6rUWS8bWNxHVb3CQ+i0sn8N8M0+mfmwboBEW8WlG8MQ8jFfDXbhGmybHqN+Cj0StPPnXg2O1jHnHz0FTL7hJ68xV149HtIypjdCq7WUHiZpYIVfFldtf/u3BMQKEfiMk9pXDQQQvTLnd1M/1PsHOAZpqatTYMqxCUesrbvcK9nO53ivYZUDoN0ZaXzgcRBD5YcGrw673CnYOcHNkhAhiPySI/JAg8nu/YJcB/zlCW185yFgmfu6VFeLncn3ebUBTWI2ifo5l4gendR4nDX/5j2MCuDlGW19NUMBzxM/tvkT9Br590GXA8FNUBf9t0yaHjzatDJEm1/C1e8cCcHNsjAi+WqeA525TwEtOAtgz/Xg/wQ4BQj9Ste2gVT731BTxGx4mVRfHH987BoDID8dCv4kJ6kdaoR9u7Zme3lewM4DYb2yM+OEq5IeqsB8GvAirxu8dNaAJ+c2iVuyHWrEfbJ3CfjAW+U2PP/72824BmqjfGPWDVcQPVmE/JHgNVU0/vuc/UsDw01mSOjZHSicmrhC/qSEXSR0emCaj78S9LgFubtNZva76PZyi4xKNcl6jVaf//KAzgEzcAx830XI/DZ+K9wEMP/1ulgjOBXzUb/42mWmnk/qNj+PS8RMnT9477G6MaAEZ0QxPGqEaNe4HuDn7HYnanvCtE7/bpGrqMq1y/qaPVJ0++UUzwTYAymuKzKZZI/BIpbVY8+0s7IcFoZ/PR/zmceui00laoR8WRH7NBA/2LGyRgCEVtwEglqv4L5SY/wfcVKOuT8CodeJHqi7TKuSHq07DpmaCbQA0JfSWMmA98AQEdh6YijbJ2twPxmI/JIj8UOuQ00lasR9sJX5NBA+6G+OXACMCwGZkOwCZbNzS3A9GYT8oSPzm56kfrCJ+sOo0bmoi2JbtLNlWBVIGKAbAycDEWNas+/jNUj/fknueAC466aB+433U72T/88NuZ0nGVBUALqjE4WHIYNnHb5b6+Xy/J37z85fVKuo3fppGffH1gw5s6Tc4mTWIkarAxcnFu+cSDj+9fp2kLjzEgOtL80PE75OeHurXR1L7Tqp+dz57fphLOFFnypzkTSWzLFtqdglvqlGj6w+J38wi9XPRKOe06tdPq3752V7BNgAG9Yoxpvf7PUBQmm1nIT8SO/cwEAgQv6Eh6kcEoV8f8VNT79y8uUfwYNtZit4LeA/ICEBuup21qUZBv0CA+A0NUT86rdO06q0fjNoj2PFljIn4oVjsFwgQPxhL/GDsMPJDrbt+/dDv5s07zzu2jNlUo0Z9uIr4YUFXD53WaVq163cWRe0R7Dgg9htFsQvEL0D9huapX0/PxT46TtDUX2C/PedgOwFfqlH4/EOAxA8OF40amKZRql//WRr19addBAx/NUrm+vryEvELuGnqVVrqvNhLU3+tpt6k4+NHf+gI4Es16nyAzuoFyjc0rM7qOK3qVa+Kszdo1aO/f9o1wPBX34+S2OULS6TV/cki9Rsgpb/r7e2lfv39xO8Gbr3z8Zkzj553APDl6CipOv9wCVf5LgwtkqrhgV2/XtWvn/pRwF+deVews4DYD7dCP9IK/XCrev5hPxyL/FAs8kOxyO/MqVPP2w6I/VAV8kNV2A9X7fpN0yjkhwXPkijkd+bUO4KdBfzhe9qK/VAr9oOt0G8An4LEr1f166d+N25gPzge8W0G/HmURp0P4KilAPFb/B8z9x/SZn4HcByN5rkmsdpEk/gjxuKPrFGcjaJ2jouOntXDqHWWmAWqfTi1pmqwtbXtKVxRuiJ4ODjaA1n/6IplcBOZpfSfwrgrjNH2nxtb/zm47Y8bbMfB4DY22Ab7/HpiEjWt9Um2ry200MKb1/fzJObxeR7288T8oIr9oKqBo8gPo/6VCcDzX0jq97/DfufOvSN+Hdrx21YkqVlcWmMRvxE7+5WaDVu6Ar74NQS1wu/ue9x0b+2srOO8p9metzU/iaqpHJbFfuZS39dLaQeE47dV8xPAH59hwA6Phydw289iYb9hk+ZnZsCSDdeWjoAvWlu5qvucHBVrfRx19hhWYdZDibLVWMTPJH5VZs4yODe+XEozIPpxLPixIPhRLPh5KDbejwTBz2QSPzOl1rqcro0t3QDRj6LAj6PAjwWPSVXMr6iGo8DPZBI/s/hBFAvqBBiePRRVrOHZcAxQ/FrFD2PJD2LZz5PsB7HkB7EjdizFWPBziuC+ASOz74dV+Hg0G4kBsh9UkR9E3SM/FDwmVYl+KFgpUehHUeAHiwV1Ajyy8mBOiXw4TxdR4KUdml9r6w9OyBK/PvHzeIYg04a/c4Qvn/1MJjd2Yiz5wTK+fAPA6PylD4uVlZnC2OVtml/r6XMSJX59fce0KvErymI/i4X9TMN2iRI/2NZvlvQ7hNWZqBKZySuHPxZHjqrnP33Szakfr0nqD8Wvc2KCS9ttNiq11eRzab7wmap8vNXmEvFzdQVeKgX7P4QL5xVl7PY0AKoFYw7lRbdEdZ9o4QEc7JOq7DbNzyZ+EmWZ1PzkoDAbXFKVu/BoSTfA8kv4CT56u1dR549+8BT8OPbjtZYW8TtzRvxYEPxsiX7a/JWCn5n9uNXV1dwceGndN6A6M4r7WThNl7fN/VGLOn2Cq9CPq7LbZFsfStWufjSBBoly5jY3Lzya0uk2B3VmvHh5avzQbbwnUwmSX7f4USv6YSv5YSz6YWvMz7KrH8aiH6znF/cLuBxUroyOhm++hX+5/p8/dHMV+UEV+2EV+pHgQ6naw8/MflSVi00L37ylD2DEoRY4ohfkZyJ/J7/u0+LX0rLGfmfOiN/ExCmbrB3zV+WTVvZzuYzsF1j4dr+AVw8pt8ZnL63QSbbrf2vt5qwTUnWyT6rYb2Kijf1sO/xM7Adl4udybWITlN1Y1v/bGEUAu98b5NKWsx2S6pHUU43ilyOpDdrrn1f8fE7Nr5nXwp2D3eqlAf6oRfze1aK+p/lpm9pokapVU+JRYS4zan4Brur69moavg/Me0GC7707yK3f7ZTW7CFubbfF/PLz2c9uFz+fj/2MRpm/ELZ2LTzqvXgwwH9/8YT8BgfFr6ND/Nqoqq1I5g/8GHBVosDPJ35StRliwMDL9NzqpaIg+A2SIPhxq2eIW+X4LSK/fPGza34Yi37UamwOBQIBfLleUg96rxx+a4B+JIh+VIV+WNVW1BibP64CP64q5Sj2M7IfVQWep+2TyIsn5IeC5Iet2UPcmjB/2Erzh63s5xM/rCW/QGDh0WUdPomc/5T9QJD9oIr92pL9oGoVmqiqVKrKpAmOX1nP0/hR7tljTh082ymtHvZrO5Xkly9+dpPbJ0v8jPF+enyUO/97qTopTR3i1zZUZEv0yx+x0zLZxc9Xq0Xx/EHV8zR+FrZaRXDbr51T326Urc5p4NJKHj/wMxg41SVbLX4h8tMDUH1KgmsnO6Tq+BDv6pBNm798qRr22nkCzYYEP5exLhTa9kvfBIrg2c5Oau30tA9RLPixYM22n13zY0HX9vyFMJb9dDmZYEVB9OMq8KMo8OOoRhk/8qNllqjY/NVxlPil8WyMVX32+DH6USz5DYkfxm7PH6eyH8Ym+oVk/nQCxBkkP4wiP6giP4xKmD/aVrNExc8fAi6IX1pPqFqf/fMXDHh8op1bH7JfY1ZNfqKfXfwMBs0vV/NbvKznCVXr07+yX2dnNjcNtdukKifJzy5+BkPi/EHUnasZOaW//mcSPN6u+WWJX37S/NmrND9jLnyhX6hf/HT+mYjV+hVvq6dd85OqmoYkP6/mV5IrftUSdeeyzqf0V4LTU4riGCjUTmfFCXYcaxfAh1lZWeLHreDn9Sb55Wp+/f0JfvsHvDaAT4TozTvam/RTORL0SBX4cRX4cdWwRMH8lYkfR4EfR2376QWYlwefgntnevH0R9y9clYrCML8cSv6YSv5YSv5YWyCH8aSH8TG+e0fMPzAEVWU6bGd98qBoEeqyA+ryA+rhiXKvj1/UlUtUXF+egGOj83cUg7lKRdvJd2taV3/08/buZX9YLFfQ4P4eb2lUlpG8we/6tiv3794kCsTItcvHFWVYHg0uONuza/a2mWxX5bm19AwLFFuX9z8UVcXRzXF++kFaFUuzEfCA8UDV5KuzrKq65+zoOaX01DJpatS6vWVxfnh6vJL6uKBro1RlYJfRYsvLt+i/5hwv7D1LkedapQqi0Q1mNwcVVWWOH+5uf3+Xfx0ew3MC4ani28OTKs7r85iwTi/Soqd9Lrd4ldWJn6buNHGLr/fv2P+3gBwNC/oKD8SHhgY33lxEQvG/GokCvy4qkqixM+Ifv5d/PQCLIjCditKdOfFRfg6CIIJftg66XZzK/phbNz8+Ukwye8N3oWjU0pxsRKJ7HJ1lhUF4+ZPqkxSVSVR8fNHUcl+mblKf/3znyX4Qeuq182t7AeL5i/m5/c3LSoHBUxxeRsJxs8fLZNElUpTkp/f35Psl6HbHNZ/+4m8f0jpSJWkmjU/rXRT+HoWlbQCwqvzXYjKwV3V/OxS5TZIlLNeqgJNe/hl6j4REbRMyvy5JbW0tpZKa3PruXWzv2kPvzTcJ3KXonIqJzU/qTLUan4C2NzUtIdfpgBVErSsTlLriLuKW8GPBNGPYsEPW3fz0x9Q5RmslCq7RIEfb6tTotAPq3bzy9idSiiIfti6in4YS34QW5tbV0+x5AdrN7+03Kl09xPywyq7RJEfCpIfCpJf0+5+mbvVS13/zUeTtEbYr0rzq9X86utS+aUDEGbwo1WuYj9YBoly1ctiv6aKXf0yebemCA5LqNtcwqUlMb+mnhR+abpb8zMW9JZqflLlqpOqQE8qv4ze7kqCw1WlpexXW1Iiftxa3VTR07O3X3oAVZUE8WJE8isr4Srw46oAR+3ll9kbrkEQ/bAV5q+EWskPW8mvZ2+/tN2xDoLgh/vqhvnjKvLDKvSDqj39dDuZ4MBrEkYLC6dSAcLr4H1MhS9fLaeKXx35QWxFxaKiF2CkfAxy1HLHcipAq/qZlzYVvtivRPOrY7+KnsM/vaykF3BuDJ/z9ZOBIwVJJxOS1uW/3KfLTsuc4rdZzanVPbTVKfz2D9hbuJJnVaIPxugMxxHHnicdtu7TAPJBAVVGiaoL4Zb2pPLT7xAOAmB5MDiqqI7pFA8fWyLBMqdT86vW/CpSz98bHcKHgvjfjs5blSs3b+/98DEURD+n5idVIYpK6acb4IUVnsRLirX3ykCKJxehIPo50a++mlrx+OW1qOgJGA7y4/hu9yqR8Lwjxb/cuo9+TtxX8iPBECWl9tML8NIHV6eujr8/FxxLfQij4D9qndK6Wc2tXT2v4bdvQGvvL+evRBzROcdMRHnV8wO3fE7aVaf4QVVIolL66QV43VF4LdwbLlxO+S4sbzgb0lonqc1SeuORoiegcq3QcaTgVmTOcS3luzCvrzdoW0s0v2q/VB2eVTIA+Hrfxmi7TfPnrOvi0q6Kw1yaeqvT/AzVpS9pX41dUtV/mKsqfqf83wEqWxvkx63gR603XuGX7ofQoiD6cRX6HX4Nv//RU3xhBtEPW9EPf73SL+1P8QVB8sMq8Psve3cX2kZywAGcOwKzflDRKgKhF4EOyskPJhhqh/Nhp/HHmSaw4E2OTbPnwomu1mjRbnZX3Q9JBYVLFNmgBWFQ85BaSR9ODvReVCjRQxM9FA58D4brXfPShxQfzUEpaV8K7UPbmZ1xYhtrtU5Wstt6IERGsvX3b3dnZ0bjGSzYz++4lkH+1XcncdZJ336DXwb51l9+SgDd8w+Vvn7HBRh5igEnSVIffkNYR/rWr7Hghe/gE9CH3/GtZO4KTpKkfvyGsRA3FrxA+Pz4HeNa+k8nJ7EfOv9ugRMB6ApeIKl8+R3nbg5Pf3aTJH3hx284mxHc+vP3yEH9oS+/4wSM/OTnruDNT3wOrgxlO4zIJzf9VsqBAuZcM+UogETQr99rAKbdPId+sN5H0LdfYH+tqcJ+e5pM7QB+twRyBb/2y3HkLYGyGluDPUcytaPgc0ugSOTrI/gFtSUQy8QkgCcXRfhiN79n1yav7Z3Ews0XhueeT+IbbEplaXFVAXhykSJW9m5K5bnnlPHiZsHzBWLgm1Kl1bil705vy1Dyni3GkmWvLcZKKuv1tFQOSa+/LVpGQmvK4eltPFXZsy2a1JI99zrreG6LprekwLdF44pSTRDwBMsDYy+S5883E55P199kb808B/MosokmWB4omvc+t0nPZ5Wj/M2ZP8CIwek2ld6d4rtvXN17NMjwFqrabwAYl1irYClkiu/+OtsTMF3wrMSzVuCAp2WQgHFF6X1As2GvG2LOzg7o94I/uvc7R5TX/n0GAciFaj3bhVWWFXp/J1+WqwMCFB1Z7PVcWGMlDyKNk+JDBWRDvesMzkjIHhWkI9kDAiw6pZ6nWT4ZVz3urSGuMLRL2NQ0bU0Q1Z4Hm82NeNzSwrzJpQO3s3VNkxUj1rNdXpDRWrA9CyOya8MCVBiGySlZtueFGLKilMftLmc04oEDxmEoO5ft3S4XWabhceYrYc0c5iWcpjzqDJ7TPCpsPpksDqoOTCZ7XhbpEuslVOIq4dNmzH9TM+YU8BTwFPB/HjDL9P5q8CUt7GssKcpJAqx2s0DeBSl2Vf1V50x41boRK6+aWWvAkAcDVWqosT0DCi+d0nsGZ+gcyPQdN1M4tG2FqVLpwQNm/lUCjgGqCZQxpvLlEiiaAkhbpl1vFQBjGkAQaYG3M2YhbMCvpA6tGMCGj2yRFgMFVKMjbSFXoOPwbfO5jm6kaSsCDPg2cSuTMOJWIptty7zNgGohnBbFAmp+5TMmHlCK0y8vjFymwwPeKTbMwQPGVCdXFqIOh/bIiHE5VYpXZIcpNWRLbteMhlwWK9tUhhXq3I5dqjhivR2l1ZyTbOXNHb3DBwnIJpg2X5U5XXFkimmzVU1jZdAqS44So7YrgqyxdpsbkUq1MsvmtrkGGkhMUJ0GulwqZXZPzdLlAezKmMkhAOqy1DDKBnBG4Om43d1WwFqtY1KqBRIhIDu1cqWiA9QtUBOgWCtLaxzIcyYLMskMC/RooICttgqUmNxhWjUbsCP2NqV34uUq6CqAVrPhjNRmYLdTkso8cIotRejiIQ3YLdF36m7nxKxUKvBRGgLWdGCxgweM6kqrYzgCKMNORSwU5jJ5p1COwsByIQk01rJsWQJr0KoOjFaCrVgIMMOBBJfRQKUUKCDNODYrm+2wLbUYdYRp05YY6RrhbhYp6RzdFhoQkCozoFwthwV06ildVI+ssQ2KhzXeWgwWWP91GWByIKoNATAE9H8zFLxUYSUYTSIkJ7odLdRCIbGTKDrRkgDpLJbeiZkjrWhbNjoJS7VbdacAFeVAAVUaVDRW17cFKtYSNE5U5WgG1tBhR+lwGV7mSjtMkuMlqaLqXbsFVdE3lTPuzU6gyi9r5HB0R2cUh3Lygwfki0CpZSMZd2CKh2+YUAo1WjCkaA6YtYgI/xfh/aJqUFIta5XgbcOMohsxRQMhD0QjSMA1BigJu1SgczGqCGypmo1KIrwbp2n4gCqGa2Yha1NF3gCxkpIuxHPoI8uMRJHPbeIvu/ThUr0uAJ7yMSpz2pA+7YmcAv7/AcbqlM8i1SnJ72uP/MH6/iJUfIei6r5DBfXB+r4SUasj/or47fPnfl979Kkd+4upi37f6Pnzb/2+NqCpHQcA/U4uAs0nT57cW/H54vibrqHq84Ur92Cqpu+OwvHND4R+92/ceHLfr+Bw5gdCP5jqxn2/gsc4wXKlecMt9+/97QQB/tP1g2Vz5YQDrtybw0mfbK3/8cQANudIqrnf/GHlRANCP5wV+q37EhwGYHM31NwP1td9CR4XoOvnht1aX1ryJTgEwOYcToX8lvwJBrE5aUXJlSTYHIqXqIJPQOIHsyI/f4JH26C5lABWBU1TK1YkxSdgczcU8lvyJxgA4Eg3b9MZDgC7ZeJWZSje12+MRP3c9YNhP/4iWMCaCqw8WodA5qruwHuhL2CThJobW8Kp1lO//+0wLmG9CuPp8DeUNTl9YAXLHn4TJOvnt69jwI9XL30R6CXMwCOaRutB0jqaZH5gBcvD/cbcVPfHlkiq1NVHfQUDASyCfAh/LNNg9q2h2tsPZ4V+168Tv0v9BI8MGNcLpA9ycA3VXn5uKuTnpkpdvbTaVzAAwHxHs7brVq5kSxVM510HYj+U1fVDWV2/foJH26BZblvJckZJFOkSa/moA5tjJBX2g6mgHyz9BAMA5C1LsCwxzsera+H+N5Fdv7Ex4nf99nmX79KjhW8CAwzDRKJF5xiFoXkfd+EmyTQ3TfyuL+NQq4/+8eBENWP2+KVI1PfmcdZLH059c0zNmOYESbV1O4VDza7iq+Lqnc/+9OAEAUK/CRz2WSqFBd9bmJ8nflNegoMDjDR3Q03fhqlQqLur8/Orrt/UlKfgkAGh3zTO+nkqhQWRnyv44fiUp+DgADcnJrCg64cEkR8SRH7egkMG/PsEyfoshctt7De/uor9pqY+HTZgZGU3FPFL3cZ+8LBecSONf/bXEwK4OU2yPpslgOex3/z8ReL37pcPhgy48hilgv+2SKbUMsm0eg5nmhq/tnEiADenp7Hgs7sE8PwdAnhxFAO+vfiwl+CAAKEfTrWVIqmW5xcWsN/4OE71/szDjRMAiPzcsNBvdpb44azQz8369uJiT8HBALp+09PYz02F/FAq188FfB+mmtk4bsAI8ruMsrp+KKvrB7MuuH4wLPJbnHn45afDAowQv2niB1NhP5jK9UOC11CqxYcb6WMFXHl8GUedXsJJZ2evYr+Fc1M46vi7i7i889bGkAA3t8hR/WjX7xcLpFwkoUavkVRnf/dgMIC0xsDuJmruW2RvzUMAVx5/dRkLLv14mfhduYOP9Ogo8ZuZcZPOvHXmzMabjsbIMWDLUXjS5OpSuBfg5uWvcKit2eW72O8OTrXwAUk1+v13cKqzZ355mGAAgEajaLAWGwaMutZQDh/Ocv1cQei3vIz9rrhZfzQ6irNCP1cQ+R0meLS+cEwFIVNLACDX6u4MpUNWsNzcDfXRLAx1F/vhVB+QVMjPTXUWZjpMMADAiD4Sq6G/Dbd0kBRBpJpQ44f7wbCuHxJEfijrudFRnNX1g1mx3yGCRx2NSauA/g9v9x/TZH4HcDyA9BktBgRb0F7PyLl24hIQEqGUICweiFJRgVKGUmhFgQUJivgDW6bHtsu1HtjQOyl/zcrP3FjtAAASgElEQVR2NmrtBHEwl1TFZVGMJsuEKNntjyUu25kttyVLtiX7/Pg+aJj7g9n6ES+5/955fb/fp08fLByWpL0ne9dL0slTRzLe7AdR5AeC7FdTI/ygiv2gKp2a3iAYlcdZve+fl7pPSn0r8TNmaasyln4+a9Fvp/Db37KthgGbNooRfiVZwm+F/u7bPs7qTj1+XpLqW/uOwP8eXJnxP/x2Cr/9+0fZr6amXK4SfiXpIurKr38cg0f6P6/v3bvycMf5zvojfHiXHOG2X+7bJ/wuEuCFlpoc9quOjxd+WZyatUL2Gxq++zZH+OjPVp2r72483nNqL382cOkR/kKOKr5wkf12NAm/IhG1sUL204uqlOGlglEAbE3qS+1Kstt3SZ19b3qchX4cC34HhF9OjvBjQfDLYj85dai5eYng8h5n9SU1Sod2SSc7pd43Ps76Qo4CP6oCv5wc4SeWtUJUvfKDqCWCMb6NWdPa2vvlYzFPpqdfwtdL8oNY9oPYzeiHrYt++mZbc3Pz0N3Y3MZ0te56IUc9fslRB9CPBIvixbJWiKpFv1yb7b8EYwyY2rPqyX2eJ4/6xeTw1Ai/+HhTlpg4kZo87PEMLt2D0QNs/fjFfXmWVuUUiShDhYiS/fS5Ho9nGAUH3uEO7HsiBkof8cw3cWmdKN1oUovU/MX9N2ixAOCQ8tKNWAAeeyFH3Zej+ueF32Z5VUtElVo+Fbk2jwUBmy/9eeCdAbbdeVZcjFebx4/6p+FaA7OtqUn4Gbi0Xa1WCz+9XpzfQQvswCGlVnvpbgwAZ4ufUVTx/f5+I1UZc0TVZsOin1r208vnlwHXaV8XjC0g+aHgb17290+3YOu26iZqlfcf+VEs+mEsXv8IEPy0KtXdqAPOFtPs23kbTm4LVO1HPwIskv0qRBT6kSD4MeA6qHpNMLaAz5+J1h9MIyC0kl9T9fy8wRCPf4SfWvbTo5/NhkdYCXoqiD0UZcC/Fouo4hYANLa00P6DmZ+/ClV0MCpEFftBFfopEXAD/rJ67aV/vgvAtucitfhbLQzY8iH6zQeD7nA4vODD1w91VsjhCKnh9QM7J12uQdp/8OfsFMyIVpVwI6qAs78SUZUXjbwDR0lvJhiEqLAPCUvUAYfDG8hSM5/L5RlsVno8FotlikalTfjTQMwB4fwWCj+jkQF/VFeNfEG330+x4KfGVkcoLjkZSiMul4UA0Y9mRLvpmu5GFAFnCwuhCr4qW4wIaLw4Wl1NixoMU1TYYBhX87IG9Biln3R5PLZmJfB5prjqUl7mtd8NxBgQ/SgW/RgQ/Kqr0c/nM/h8KIjnpAQFI8koSH5K2/Ag7r8Rmk26TN21G1EDRD+KQr8C3IEF0NQE2y+44DOZfAtQNU7H1+twTFIU+FmUSljWQfDjqIRMiGLBKAE29iR1SWmNPY2LgMKvkP0I8EP0g9QZA068Iex1BOhKE3K5XNCaPOmyeJQwtqFB3Hs44JcpBJf/C1l6+hrt8Paop2MRkP2gCv0I8FYTROH+i+eohTBcUGgcLhcuawT8YFVBsBn2nwp/dQv+4oJMsQej9RMsz/30uNTx6Wn+GUUAKPsVFn4H/QoAcB786ubdQbdBjM/BrekrAHCS/CxKmuwRBISrNfnBKJ7+H4Bdp49+ukY617168Z+3yX6Fe1qMAhD4qutgVX0iqh12XjpW5cP1BAWFn9Km0cLhxVeQBG7SXftqIHpH2N7dJXV0r8RPla3pWG9vu3O7klMvjBp5BwZnqmkDun3tnFqKRxf9cJWhNQJ+lKrcoCJArWqt8NNtNz+VUpd/hFeflqSDnx0GQHvqwQxptlJEVRoLqKq/311HG9C9YBKA/JqmVselwILCwZj0iFOhUalwB4KfTlQlOm8ORA3wffxscmrXZ7sk++n1378Hfhx7YbSAWqeD7hm6Arr9JgYsTU8HwIA6XZ/CguhH+0+bx4Dgx6267Vu2mJ+mLf+H0OLPg1zTsfow/fO247+Xo/YYuWq03+2uq8NjEfa1c5U6PUCA4AebD8bDpwL9VLgD0Y8BE7dscd7sjNLHHOzdh9Z80nkoiX9kUj35VQo/ap13AyAIwuuvjycUwh0YID88vuDnkf0IkPwwFv1gHh5ZLuAn9VJva2vjD+mnS53695eVXEV+UNVyK4iAddUzYe8CRwVCIdqB5IfL6uFVJT8CTNCJqkRscn71jegAdmTYUzO6vie+J/J38qvcI/wKCkZrZgiw7qrf6/d68a+DJ8B+sNpwl6Ch8wt+BMh+Op2C/czOr5cLeCJJ+vhQz9Fz9JDt1N8KKznLKKq2waoS4AJFwX9EVIj9kn8xKfyU6JeHgO+JKN11bIKyM59E/zZGEoCVB2q5tKCpTAD6oNIPI6c6IsJvEvyoNRv9EHBO9tvC4/z87T7qJQN+t0D47Sgrc7uDZXV1RQvU5PfLUY5krkrBW2ePfCpwB04oZD8zV23/+kQM7gNXzpLggR213JpTLgDjL4OfyWQaD4jR56ZAa0pyxEKjsWXn5fEOHJtTiP3XgK3bnTd3HXk7wH89v01+tbWy31XcgdVFpgWvF+4BTXJUICWFAQctYlm1GAU7cGJMAF5vYEDz09h81MuOguBXS4Lgx4DxVhMCtleki1mRwq252InvP9APY0fGAFBB+6/BbDbj5XrA/raflcNbA/QjQfBjwCK4fQbAdpNaROUniyr0o79ajlJNjI0pqOo6RkGV+WHM3onM3iY/FES/cgQEPysudilWLvpBay5majTwTnOEAfOuEaBC+JnNzpvHovBOpO0O+4Eg+iFg8KrJZAXAhSV+UDWMdhpIm0rgqvfmEFCngPMr5mEM38o9uMWptU3l2AqAeEpwsf35r+8/GOGn1ExNTLBg5nUGfN0vGm/l2n4rqraV0bjdYYyCc+ENLfFLsdHp1WgGz06cpahNCgBMhCjef1D1MIbvhdPShCD7wQ4ME6AVXz8Csl8kIvtBqnLdyAS36hSKMTot7NdAftEAtN8jwdFtZeW8A8Pey7ys8NIr/HJzJ2U/WFWNRjXBy7pJgYCwrN9uaHjlF7sdKASbyst5B/q9PqvVZGofd7ggNhQIRCbhXTq05mosU+yXkDBBguCHrWNzzqqqrfL+i87DhDQURD+uCnv9l624rCGqCgSuRPDtB7yyNQ9OTcFtFfgljJDgJtx6GDVWtXVrw6JfDJ/GpNkf3LqFfhSL1z4ELMm/4sBYh8uDM5nyAfhN4QEGvzwUHEE/RSK0noGpapD9ogOIe5D8IKpuI9z8XYYqa3p+iO9fqAoAbRtwVXH/JSSg4Nm1GEXLilW7zU7hF9MHqmkP/nGVATe3++AdiNVqHc+HgVi4xccHCOiHBzhbowE/nImJuesKjt1aVTV2xtng/OhYNB+opt37C/uVl8NNld9farWWpkPUlVdVkRRbNr2AsB8JznFU4hhGje12fn7inTzS/8kfSXBzaWmpFb6s43H5NFciwxG6/n2gydZkZ4PfhgQxikSR2rC7Acf5UZS/J5KW9gdeVgPaWdGPquLyI8NQlYvXPwjCqmyViFqbKKq+SVHgdyzKj/TP1R/ulCT5lxG8+q4cCpZtRD+c8bi4/7R3PyFtZHEcwFmsHfsnbhzE/DE1EZMWkiChG3LZw/S2HtIguQySQ8uACSQmQ2Kbf2ZBUUQEi4XSPa2XFWWhFFmhsLdCT3vtUnrc0+5hy9LjXve99/tNmaSZ50RnJl3w2ZvGfv28N2/i+N77QdavEwkSNEH9qF6XH2QlfouLXX7nqK2ZpSdCZLAYge6vckzwDqYifpDqNsmUYPePKKa6MRLQ/EZZx0YwlK7etUWALhf5LTgD5TB0e+VEkQjS8ceyUj+alflRQebXM/5GmSDzI2F1foMD5o7pMWGV/Od75YjgHUzF/Giq2wlMxfxoKt34g26NsFD68WddifB8dUcryNK1W1M8+uvne5AV/EgDv0QC/aLRaUwaAL/R0RPwW5Q2L7IyodguzSpYkKVnt+af397DBn5faX6JBPpFg3d144+1BQiV7Kq3bhGgKJQ6RSgJ1L06S1SO3oKg5nclMQdJ9zFp9G6gx29BwqibF1obowju16oPSgL17BcWDyDUd99gqpsYKnE9CKHCga7xR9qi1MfPsjnQJecqPixK1bM6CwR1fnMs7Eo0GES/QAD9TthcsyBJ0mfj7xyAyy7ZMzORw6JU3auzQPCT320MRfwgVRhDadcv9ZP6+FkF6FZJd/cvi0bmQSLY5UezrgSDkJX60bC68ScxwR6/c9yF1TI9sq5vWTSRCurGH6a6jqnCGEo//lioXj9nVukfvf2py49k3Y8GISv4kcbG3yc/SUr21puzdpU+FdSPP9auY6hpzNTjJ0npXj+Htjkc/f4C7x+Y9GEYo97Q/LSkJ8iX/qxen8XbHETlgIS6QntV85vCVMERDOWdx1T3kwZ+Tu0TQcGbKzj+ghh1OhZjSWOj85D1ZDFp4GfDPpEDFurK3Irmh6lGYpofAqaSSQM/pwAVJnhzf4VlfRgMQ1bixwSpHwtL/GjWfn7WAyowBucw1RSGIn7QrV4MRf1oqn5+ju1UooLUj2bdp340LPMjYWOj8XkWlvmR1s/Plp1KBy+YH001haGYHxVkflSQ+SX7+zm31Us5+u3ZCmsPwS+s+cU0v/k4z88OQDIGn+1DKvAjbQRD3ZrHBn7JUF8/J3drouADDBq84Yek/k9+yTTHz6bdmm9AMDqt+WGqW3FMdT/N83N0uysTfBCenga/mN+PfpA1kgyl08Z+9gAqChOcmoZU4YAfUhE/SHUfQhn5ObvhmghSP5qVjD8/y8r8aFbmlzb2s23HOhEkfrRfg2T8QSrmR1NRP5LK0M+yhwkeuiZheXKyzAMk8+AhjUo+7sYgKvrFmR8JGwoZ1mse/GHCTJ7EUWY8uzxAUXkTZZ1KPsDPr/nFwS+UHjeuN2wRYCNPz/l6mp1w9zxM6GmP/z5ky/4CXvQ7iUDUSJp1NcdvcMDM5J5LFNTjPHvCMeExfOhwesgGIFwUJNVVDBVfol2a5vlZdwnLBHBGlpcFxVPhHD62xQQDXq/mF9H8Qvzxd65L+JpMXzbbEYX69nPjw8eoIPXzan6YaomF4vpZBljag5G4KoiZepZzchEVpH5e6jcfYVnp9QuNV299cMCcDMfxPc8IxVzHw/nK00Pq56X9yvyY4BKLxPezCnB1vVluFtYacp5/CVPBf2NezHoSgawLaRN+AwOKmV869aJHbXiqReGs8wNP6bJd0qte9COpljAUv966RYBtz2Qrl8lN7nLvwnjDeYlZ4xg1hUk3XglWAgqtSc+Ee6fY8LS4d2FoH16ybvVrfhEJU43zS14M4wzVUzb+vPEFSLoQGoek/K62+QzVrT9Yv15dwFSL45Aq9E744gCF05fMD7ISP5Z14ww/uw+hpYLUD1JRv3ETfkM6xZeMQepHs1I/+u9MP9tP8SWCzI+mIn4geJbfsI5BPo2kIGvKtJ/9xyBv/fM9ArLxR9uZfsMCFN8DYAqTmvBz4BzprVcgKI3DADThN7yTzJlgCpOa8XPiIG4QlJDPjN8Qz9J/n0qBHx1/W8IXAcgEJUxlym+Y1Rze/7CBST+a8XOmGMHWhyR26pIpv2ECio9/ZIIbmyYfrjhSDkPc3DA7KVsKWGZm6iCAKGjW7xyACsvT9w/rZwia9rNst2aV/N6u4NIOwWxJICb4zizHwCWBirXsHvnNEZd2tE2WBBLFdwP4WVUSKJvxlARYXCTm1l4/0lVt4pV3KrQ3Pta5NZ8KFyhK1az5qqoAi4vUwra+KBW35lT940ab+wUFy4tSKVVfc1Vb3pYfq+hKjM2u80qMdapZ3qdL667S+cui5Uv0TDlY3pYb29aVRSsdV7i1zn7llkVbPS5ZXhZNXivtLS/DAsueZy8l7vdvzHA//fQitTUfySSPWmnQBZY9TVfSul/jlw1WB9lzZg5QrMurrTFFW+Lb9Vyd/zSozhfaaV0A0FfKNttNFZf4ds/ZXEClzZ3Ei03LAS+bnYA+VTXu0KKbd0Mst4o2/VzkW3P+57L7vD+PHYCya8/wfeFONrts/MrcemXHJsDCk0rB+PadzXJuDTW55HMUMOsynjPk+kyFM0E+KbVsAlx70lGNEy/nnxq/1CW3HbuEG7VabXe5UDXs7Gz5GueW5s41ZMVyu9ZqrVZR6x7D9+Vitbizavz6TCG76xSgmslkymoxa3ghupqTY5zbXbn+3Gc5oI+EapWLnPfl8k6HU9tdddcaTl7CyhhnzsjJNZUzB87Ortk1B87OGs+BdblWNn5pR952X76N+T+9jbkEvAS0BvA/MHYldPfv6nQAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Rasterization for vector graphics

![Zorder
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Zorder Demo

![Demo of 3D bar
charts](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo of 3D bar charts

![Lorenz
Attractor](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACN1BMVEVHcEz29vbz8/P7+vr4+Pj39/f09PT////y8vL19fX6+fnS0tLb29vx8fHd3d0fd7Tr6+vl5eXm5ub///7w8PDe3t7T09Pj4+P9/f3U1NTW1tbv7+/u7u/W1dXZ2dnY19fs7Oz8/Pvu7e3q6uqwzeA3hbwvgbkbdbPo6Oj29fQzg7rf398me7bn5+fR0dG0z+EiebU7h7ykxdyuy98+ib291OPh4eEqfbfO3ulFjsCItdTA1uXI2+denMfMzc14q8+dwdosf7hBi7640uTGxcWnx91Vl8XE2OaCsdKgw9yVvNj9+/p/sNFSlcPY5OyFs9OKiopJkMCpqamXvtlMkcJ0qc6Lt9XPz8+OudbJycl/f3+awNl7rdAXc7LU4evp7vFoosqUlJS40OFOk8Kqyd9xp8349vRkoMmhoaFamsbe5+3h6u+syd2FhYX5+PaYmJj8+fiSutZupcvm7PD08/P19PPCwsJhnsiPj494eHh7e3tycnKCgoL7+PaGrMabt8q+vr+iu8x1dXWurq7s8fRbW1ukpKSoxdkzgbZro8qcnJyUs8iRu9hjY2ONsMny9fdubm5Skb61tbVdlr52pcaiv9JnncJEirp+rc2qwtJTU1ObvNO4uLhKjLp+qca7u7vL1987hLeHsc7v8/Z+psKysrJ9fX1yocG1xdDv8vNERESyydmTt9BqamqsvstamMP08e+9z9yOtM+kqKq7ydPCzNTK0dbY4OX19/homr0xMTG/yM6TrcA+5K4XAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrs3PtrG8kdAPDszO7sW0irx0q72l1J7g8bFsnQ0OXAQRxYIaSGEhKoagcSXMph2hr7KDF+0cvZkQ0XREwgP0QNTbjchZJUP7QcXOr+c53Z2ZUlW8mlbXKWuBkCUnZXYH8yM9/HiFy4MBgiG+87LowdzIUBMkAGyADZYIAMkAEyQDYYIANkgAyQDQbIABnge4yK/667Xlks5sSiPnpVhwxwMFY2B2+zJ1eLxehFOr4u2n2+csSRa4O7W1byaJEBHmBAfrVzHd7Y2dN2u2vi9aXuAbd99Oopvvlo94h/dryzdtx3dvZufNvvp8T97nbzuPdM7Xab3M7OAQMkgPv9TPfZZje9er3Qa3c3w56Omr2QTLX85obdS5u9Ge74Hudry9tBL2WgbovvtFqd9PEGYoAEcHNFXFlbviF2+i/73lFb7Nqo28T3/OPdzo7QKVY6Vb6HxOWjfv/ZNr7e9YResdgpdGW2B4orq5J0cFQ+erR5IC6tAR9iuk566ytYxff2Whsdt1eu4RnYA1LPOOikekZZ6bZgr93uGR3AAMWnr7pdZ6nzUll5JPo73S171xJfWq/6/aaYXWrj2XlvtZ+/3i3tgexy92hJXOnspfc79xY7nQ2wxWYgHlAQRFGJYzCfJa9ZsSpw1TjGFkUh+iNGT+HncQ6jQLFaHQnbLJFmiTQDZIMBMkAGyADZYIAMkAEyQDYYIANkgAyQjakDzDLA/4tP0YEAswzwfxxVgdN1XfPRRCNOLiDUAC9JwKtLuZyOEYsM8L9avrxgxYBAkiSdImYZ4HsvX4H3JAyIKKA0sYgTCZiFHM9jQEVCnGckgANEvpplgO8aRZ74YcCw7ZkFQ0bDhBgRBxZ5YhAnEBByAvGDVjtVMbRW0wsrEgJDiMAzcGCRJmMmThxg1o6mHw9nNkwoAc4NDbegumbtBBHQZU2W8/nPxEkDLPIFAqjweask8bqEXAMhqWa6qupmaiBCBIPAous5W5KV80ScMEAo8CUZTz+pFChuTsFR2M0QMkAQvYKqZcoADUVmOhFzBJEBktqN45WSrEC/MQMVLwZE8cLFM7ESempJ8x1fHo0rUk5Ph9y5zMRJAiTJH684Mq9ZCPKKa0eAJhoKHxgxHXgb7ZSfAyPBGfglPBUlTin+ZAGzMAq+ilfBy1fhxwJSRNkLAqvh5IcRgW+BaE8ky7n4kwTkqR9stiswevcWQBJEfBnl/LyjWsGMjiJEChgHFl2Sf7TSeVIAuZkoeVE4rZWD9K1bJoDaOEASRPBytv1USfVCgoh8bzSw6ID7URAnAzAL0y5hg+WCiSs4mgjGgOG4GZhkhAjY9QixYnjcqYIFI+bKHx1xIgCrPF/GgIpiqmXo6Qlg7QcBE0RDKzUXTVywjFZ9wLCkjz0TJwEQ125K2VWg7LlclL0kgNCWuNQPAcbR2WxrUcEyHJyB4aGPvZzPHzCrkOTFdmGtkYmDbwIYtFVNDU43E8YAEiuXA6RgKbgk16b3gemikz3x4/Rkzx0wSv54JeeGhSh6DACrbjPQa2azVdLqo0nfWMAMsaK5dqOgGTb5BAo1NNTE+SiI5w1Ikz8e2i1NUJLgG12ptELSTAiCWmg1SjjpG2xwbwdMcu2oYKnbsplCZwLLBz6nOl/A4gyiful2W1Hi7KVGFrISWFaFBJE8XsI46QtI0pfW42bCWUCUrNYYUZ8JLdVpezo6vQHoOcf+gI3tcwWscg6gWk7a5emAWkXhIbI0mPdhBIiSfEWL8hW8TscCauh0XNHThcWCEwzNXSrYyMWnAx9C8RwBce0mkKQPAivFI28IEFYadUgA8TYWBOgkXyln3ELDNQpnmgmj210y5CCQcMHScAYFCxl2QaczEaxkphmwSKIHTvqg3/ChAjxhAAjDkg75BDCPRuYVaWu12ppxqpkwFhDhHAg/lqunnIYXpmmaCMoUEPuuhlMMCKPWC56BKQfgHPoEMFV3o3gCg/pZwIhFtkIcap28r58gojA1BjDOwkc2ALlcSm7v+lMLSDp/UcTwnTxPtkFkJYDuYj0qht8KKAHLl5FO1iaOK3H1Me65kUI62gBwru2Z9VJ8OACW7GkFjJYvQVKbado6kCkgruY2MlV6LzAiwNQ4QJBMKyJCjkvksYCuOVraYUTTbW8kJyzb3JQC6jLNWITURo36YUAyJSHnapoP3wvwJK6Q6iMXBPIYwMzpYAOAnFbpR8r6y+QHAmZd5OvTAliEtNyFuYIZJX1kcA5HmjGqWQ0SwDADZTBubzsBlOLjktArLDZ8+3TOh0ZP5QetVzkqWJy1nhpPwa3V/dz23sp0AOLagxQbCsw0akUtHQMKDqdA0owhW18MaECzLoV5+Z2AMSJwG55K4sow4ujp0wkgij6C2t01LQZcuvdsuXpkTwMg5HCmUlMUwfVkCFN+DMg7ArmiRCuXApqBZ1lqs0FS53cD0oyFw3Gl1LCidCW+OOZB2qKhH7me/FCVYHtrX9wzJh+wSBr3JNWzVRMSrXi98rxVK4RQoSuXAuZbJF/WmiXVNcsjXarxgEiKcj6SrsRdLeSMA0yKPtlKALNGbXt51z3iJh4wSv5wqpfO4MUapypx9tJs03gCQ5MeiZitoAp0ZKZkHDkbwy2ZsYBJ45VGWhIkbMA56bOAg5Sbayf/yU/2q6UbysF2c9L3wKjzF82tpsYpyT4XafHBhv3m4Yv791/wmUwRlyGCq2FJAoh/3ajBYuEtjlZk7wSM/oJAdIKcb86c6SWcpNzc4vJ0NROqfOxXbmkwbpqS6aasV+/8+29f/mJufvbS7PzV168v//6F7pjVTJgA0t5Ajh4h1SR5XDPh1OFT1JAJWu3RMlgaTrmF1tpUAfIpmabKoeMNFq5pVuGdT15/eTj/xaefXvv5lSvXbv3zL/Pzh1/8486bujkEOJT1qVq7fmZiYcCzPUJUqEWHn0kZTJ/Mx+0J/t7KFAEWFdkigKRRpZhmAmiY9+dmnzz4/ObNB1dm5+euzs3PP/77L//8za3Z382/fr5wUR/p89FuQsVsNUunEpYzRQcdqk2PnAoNb3BaMljs/NOD6QGsCoJgIRx2Z0ijygxjwIXvn8xfevD1zbnbLyy7uEBG1ndLzy//7Dc3rx0+nr9tf5ZxTyfSAC/hdJ70V8j3Bt9edEiSrtrk5e5nF+2M5jjRN5PAYK4q3+5PCyD91oYFIB9EjSojoKHjzeXDJ59/c/grfmGd5Ib0KMRs+QsL8OHt2a//euXKHy+HqbtnlqZDYkOOTCwSa2kzYTxgDlyUcn/45OpvZ+cuP0/hYJ7yJdeg/yTKjadTAhglf7xiIeCkSOsF1vMEcP3+7Nzhvx7/aWGduOVt5SEeb3D2kl3HD60v1L+79utblx5/p989Cwjollgz/0Pd2T6lkWVhvKSJEl7ULIiKCqjdhkaTFppWXlpFkPc3CYOahYBBMAqdlAZ63TErhsQEjFNmEzWayuhoYqKzZjWT2iQzlfxx2y2g2R2zVfthq1g/KWVX3frVOfee5zmnLxKaCVXgnBefodoETawkjhARXJ1IutUWIk62tos4A5L8ucKeuPv/ATBf/DEBSRcnXzYDMhqgIwEigfRnB/Ur4Hic2D9AolGTaent2nPcHT7nYAOyrmZ31vN+HlWzyLMAFjpIre20rdUikf37uZKCpfsIiidTJEmmGCQJJ4kQTD1wWdR07AwCEwOna2yuYLFLFCCQH9lls3uHGQWN0VoJMB1uBHyZ4VIop5gJXTS69AI06iKZAyz71mZTRi2JX6vbm2EyubaqJ8A4yTgTYLHAoeTHAOdfm+pkKo4Rh/EUmTol2mhqZFDypLqcPlfqh+/cLfZEBA/uXr3z/aUSBZiHxhNdbSwcHWwpFwDUxujqPtkgbmaGkIAtgn+85OC/447z+e8qH8ctoD6A/iIWCDk17R+UWiWBNZLfAlgYeWviUvKDe6ngyJApN4i4pU2sFAnDJwhhS4hkMYRSBu0+NEge/L1witRNzD6dld1/VMIAgUucxprWgnHAbhFT8Rfd2p4CGrkLVObirxz8ym2jdWWxzx+LrYWS/LrHasSezqiltcMDkn+8HCKI0GkQ/h4gbbzIzrOkXaLjBhJMutFIghx/J0lRex+egMcLURnSUQA5jfm/gOtNhfvyXt8cHLxTcXWwNAE2084pV1TeXFN0XtgN3AVwbeuTgwkIDm1Kyyv+KyT2ZL3D6x8199we61SZZ4bUgOPjvC1AxFslrTWc+dUXBPYz+Z8A0vKOlh+ySgnnw9pB4tYcGcfSQ8GgVuu0RgpBGEapB4sAzw22F5bY++jBvVnhoyulChAQCLvY7BOfiskWiIxrq24Hk/0YXUYW+As+jcKlWs9Bcnkb/aNRaCCDeeuwlonr7dmPt86n3n1a3l3KfCILw5RnASwaLzAcyh6IJJJt1OkPphEUjeDuuEd/HIOpJJJi8YQN+UfKbp7aV3d7a74fPLmBte6/uA74fw+wjn2BQxstJz4Vkw1n5vfUND/Q9hxwmDRes6p/Z3Ns5kYstjja80RlgOSqnZziGT7Hsrxdpvc/mBHZWJo/lNQev3NzJsDjz1J08oanyi0bz/aWM/v77jAZDiEYqY3AxRQWCAUFgH+Unr3iu5JHf5WV0B5IO6d53VsA2Kz+kjbS/KJ6nLtwQ+FSKNafPHsf9Q05+4LOjbT+h6BrB5JDOUUPNnch47PR+x/snp4mnouahNw/8ETS39n85fUUQAacQJDEVNIUGx2JWLCDzNLafNZC3rJY4s5jgGocZjUUAZbPfuPO1esPBx+9Lh2AvNr81AtwIS/g2EDX/FLgMZuKP73bcWh2GeTeo2nTxrpcrjKPLvYYcgrD0Z7PalZ1yyFocbsyrvQhYSoIG00eAnU3dImEA+LClMzXAKtTcBhD43MJ3w2/PoIqbUoUySC/fDzMiC9kw1q6mU5a1CSr2FdnNMx+4wZ00b3LT4dLByC/aBxcOhZw7DLufnQ3RB0gOhPON+bGVN6jLWVPx/pLUGc0+QL6QAbZDXrl5hHtiqJNblBshWGdz+YmqfTUeZQEDpO8Ycmp61wEKGz52UKE5uIjPX02k96uVxIgmt13q6NJy0Hl4f7qJ0p9pNAwi9FSXwAoe3PmTicQ9j788SdGCe2BBc+eLaukd8IGYRdiW6akmjtgrFMrNvvHVpZGO2aM2Zdauwm0YBiR3t2YRqNOFbTqm1G0QbkxbCpu8+lYKSqNR3xoRADXt5Qfu86Vp3NDZfXbBD4e10722QIj0x6tNdbnsb9YJkIJIomU4dsbQo6o61OkrLxcWl8cR/rLmestr+l9ODFRXUIRWARYzQWoPOYI3KD18zn2K1uUGXaZ+12/LUEqo9H6/sAd0iEoiK590YVwVDuC2BWQc8Qlz2kgD4+H2FEqjcmkfgRBk5JqumRhVbeLLou6pPQLdHB8PsJIDB35fdPWjZjL29YGdbcpFpdAIo65I2Ec18ICWU1mn1vb2NJU6Cm13/zGiq/UVtxvLUGAjWLgnFhSxjTalJJyQGdLAD0GaHPvfUdM7QzEtzNRKvU8nr69ZUrKIWpcvzFvUxim/TttkMHlnsN9yjjMSvFQLYh+bmGciDixkMOVJY2R3vi0OTat7bvhlXdeu6jQjC3edl1zESAWwiNhDBwZZ6UYqJSK2+Gr+e7KefG3CuemBw/us0sI4En5LGZR9SCQAEdCYjKsNPKVChW0EujQ6oLqUPTFstasUXVevNi/rnFZf9DbdHhaizj7Z7Ym5ZBBQ0y59XpaiJGYB53fhr+e0e86nP9cmXYtDllHx+RVFzu7vWMzQc9tjXPjmh9E1RRAxK6DqSIGg6mMr70qOZYr58QnXxzBZFLFwsmGyJ94c+9KXQkCZPQKpQDTYYkGfpWQFn14wTvWvbLUMYQ4E0abbTEn7wn6lgNKW7pvRgWNBQOB5+qtl1mvYnpR0/+d3DeeNPkslBiB1dqlrOXk/EilQqg6/GJzc2/vyNBxsapbbjBAkNzlxyLfvc1NEqAFj8QRK60+iCQ9UiOTlAlklUKO5OFgwUuQ/vnNa9Gpl1B3uaJi4nzJAWQzxQPl9DFs9BkdYqneyB8yQF69YUZnTUZNQ9DOKqrL7o5oPZ501Ijab0Aqf3p5P7L65bcOJ/WfCoOfx0MDGIuuCLf0SIR3rM6ozQ/EwpGZyeAzFxV8VZ39HZ1VnVVVVdc6JnX2lc2xAIIhIdxGKRFSjcHFvvqx0T/4t+uCvFZq+NPsG8nTkx6d7OnsYHPpAKzIV4G8ei49hMpeiGrjDu62L7mgykExT87iTESVfW23s8/1PTtU6Cigbrlmxg5G/bncqt6k1u5m2452n0AKzWQjiQQQChz84W0AA8N0NIYxJGEZNcdirjYqdylwnbnNlcXgtFVR1WY3re+YfToEiYNOqgriEeHUV331fzJvLtxJpGccPwmJRjZxXE3VaC5GmRkzjs6FYYcBRpjJDjAJEzLLgFhIHLlI0bgWYoq1Foru0dBkk7JoLkvJGpPjpcluVk8vetYP14EQda09p+3p8fB+gvf8zv95n8v/eZv1Z68drxeCXX+6+LuWnnpSPnx19OLj/3w2+JEA6k6eOdZU3aH89YjR0qTrvWfQlSlIEaHXj8wY6eeCJnERUviE1gQjRAKhED58b6aEOFMhU86DKaubWzTFS5NfmhyGjuvNR/aLKZPxyqUOm3HEnJYL6SgEVA8OMRl1KZvN5++lEDw8VKITPhNmMjtSmgBt1trD2bzjq7815Vpa931/+8ydazuzrasX/4u5zMeYSGvhu7dnl662wTbscgh6Xe+mqb3IU36/nE+ZRS83a7XQq0XWbgmJopjVUmmUgqbtOZ9MuFN5l9/EEiSLrK5K//jR6jB0TnUdfyakrAYTZht3K5mCoqlPw4ciPIVAEMep5eXlHDG2FF+EwgI2MWIMj0w1X5jorlcvdV+95Zud6cupW4+/a7/9+E1nfOLu97860EgAdc091R/ATVWArYMObHj44aOfHoI86APFpXEhBHlMHrRS9DpEQRBmw+sBe8BSknlkUTQmIH/WaPaYMpCQ4Sl58afe5bLx2ZFjU22Yx2vHUkoyIXM1fDgEoQAMA3xChgukawiEnywSxCPMaLKltBdwIDI+UAe4YwvfedPvHn4fV0tvIwHsP3Gm5oW0Vo3heaPDNjz8dL1T4DnnLDW4/lxMRrEhdHErKwoxg5hW3StDbrW4EIjL01DY4OVKPmHcHUlUCfJK9NCh5eyD8ye0x89jDyMUq+GrHpTGNXocBTJROM4rKSwOIx4QLc3lcg/J8OSuqXFs6n1f/f9iyn0MgJ92tW23wz0awLWYZVK/93X5QAAi/AnVl38wC/kwRGJTczFDLBBVCmoxvpQdsjvtgSKPsJgFlXzkiNuUQSYSFKE4u780lV+fX84/FHkA1ERXw4fiMMAprBqMmA0Z7S1NOZixpAKtLhkdz/NP8oeOdccuXH9viabl35hy++/2795zppEAdjTVC5meZg2g0TPZdWjmQb+dQCyMw/K3zUR0o8RLQ44Zg8/PJNOWwEKxoqR9YmFrJS6D0sY6JIWEEY8rSRgSFB9Ndv4+8iRtmikuFrfFB+Ca+FCtzgGppLoUMdtBiAr5AUiF6FJZMJiDqX17e/JPT3fvGMh1X73lj59/8Lrn/zKq//RqIwHs3/lCc6RTr79gWDq77/DcxjwTpVNIzPd8k7o/Mx0Ni2TOxybUmHUQe50X3c6oX/BWLBpBOZeiVcfEeNymRCeSjBz1myMrCUZ28tvqqykQJDgaTAdIh9fjYjhUDRBjSQpXVh6QZjJ8ZeDSuHF/X332sKev7sC3XPzwOtsf7n5x89yNxsrCdYB9R7VGrrx+Qad/9HyegCgvERKWH03PBUDnLDmRZeNiwCpaFl6ljNaYR8qksk6LXaGKkSDkFiM2u41LO1hehtKOIsJBdF1+1fSBoDhEZNS4zxBPBWgc9DrH+CiA2HNllyHtunT9ykRndVmrtg7S3XeyHsI3Dn7wut/d2f3nb280pAJ7j+ta/5ob+kr/UgOI4JJbEky5VwyWADOOGLmgCrZCklqVCJApxEwhVs6GnMG4NF2IuNGAaMOCEdziR2gCByvgNjxUy7soorUeNEWUwiMB1e30UTBeKACQRNMJcW7D6hYuNXdMXJ56+7X9Nz2na0OwltH2D1736PHdu8+ebUiA7d2dBx8Ks1/p1jY1gKjkTsaw7CKIyU67IxaqWFwkRcyYhBksIPMWK5msDA2xvvQiFMQSPCleDpDpsTiFwji+Hbw0h8MowQEop+USusQ6kqpkl2FYitOAEwWiPjH33OudapuKmN+ZPez6pL06TNjX1j966M0NGzsLvwF4qu/g0bWYd03/sgoQVzxbqR/mKoyR4oOOmL8oWNnKijuqVKKeQTtod5ElllyKDxWdCDZBJUifUQlzMPjm3avKj5IhDqWr0YyuFouroJSEYT5NA1ppLQdE8ulmeHJqwBZ5dzOkuat7T8fJ9oNdn399ql7sfXFztOndQrrRANZH0nr9uXNN+rWYZ02ve7ExD9KMpzJn26wwBgIPhoR0ejBElIOoPXjfo/IGC2FxZbfsxvRKVmLYiBdVkxkelQEUr+HjeA6GUZZCCF7Cq3U0TPMgxFcAeFrV4EEA4SYdtjn75YGBcWPHz+yng8eba9vo57797fl656G7df7quTvXGhugru3IWa2enjdaruj05eV5RkYWFBF7sAjGKCjoI/2JyJOoiwkqzhLEWqhBuywsPym+yN4X0hJdkDgaoRWEq6cNnKNhAFQQp5wpyHy1FUGmKUTS4hcs0QAFwVCYDGkStl2auix0X/8XgLW/JbeaW+s3/MXtY2+HCQ0KUHfik2NVX/Ml5nMN6yfKOj+FusFZ8V6BwZSo10eqbP6+ZJX8fjsN4KzfaXPGzQJbWt9yKjSKMggAarkWrgkQrT6CeDxNR3mVTIcTPAoR4DQiUTBAZWiAh2B6YbNsjSVmfpyaFCZ/vtq146s37/vljinXe/uz3TePfHOxgQHq9ae62vqri6l605DWC5vmWtww56FE38YK4VARKUQuVMhZyhhNqJlXWgQqHEuBWi+BIgQOTeOwzGjig1Gt34VpqarDsQyZjLOUOxwXwmx1ikBIWlAzGj+Ghjl/ee6H3MJyz9Fn2wn43Z3BOsBdp2/tALz99ehnPf/jctbHAHigRb+nr71VX1tMHTb7yJbh8fW/z/G06vQEIuuUO0AnLS/WV4MGxGtPODOLPAimGVCmp7dYxslKTknjpvW6AMQQsJZ6WS18AQX0hyO+hJtMEqDCaB3KqhbHNIHiMgcj/6TmWnvaRtOoQi5DAtQzbYYOt1JobBfjFjsXHDu4jpPNzdjJpklc78ahmVwaJVCWhFLamREsUjWQkqXKAoEOompRJVp1VFqkzm7V+XHrcOtlu19Wowr8xYrtD9HR877nsc9zDuOMO8ZK8823W1cf930yNnioq+sGb353xHK6nq/+3ziPLwGguqOpPtWxN1dpmDSHVMNfb7+ehCCS8XKpX/NeD4i83XUKeXcW9ETpdHU6R5unOdvmckB2pZl8cgckYAgCFsIojOY5AkYJgKWTADPk80coyU+nBS+JwkpDDcIQiQJWvo5fdmBcd3n1Tdf7KeCPDP+N+m9v/iG5E18CwNMHtqQLzcrpgSkU7L22aNLkIIICA7uzPBLIsTsV57aLHyDJAJ1eLuV5ExHaTssWPp+lpvMCAgO4lYYBmH1a5dKJtQUwD+JZVAFZpBhmmnbViZjAlSbHBcDhkDPu8yQHbtwyztpv7E0B19u+QwwPBxP+tyh37ABUn9IZDucqNZoJG7fa/epl/EGEJcpefn2u4qJnEGssMrODcxYS9Eu1HaZE1J6tk7FMJpmMxQQU9mLRSBQGoNyL9epaAsO8Amf1kgDgigouFwEr1YcugBhGgjCalpxOn5lW8Gu0PHvVeDDy1tp0UIgNva0HgQldd04KgF8d2JLq+VgaZf9beqTXXOHsoyAE+l2RjUyZiJTQqH9GoknKlEWQajWNr7xcD5dSDl6gmWQCyrFYroQCrCxnMmHAhcJzywylMAnEJhKJOnys1YoCSJ0+cnGn2ecspZT6swx1GY+0T6UQm+pipr6zteETp9zxB/C9MGxQ2sHfNqiRiW5ToIeB0FJ6feXhlpD2hKH0isR5kWTAEyoly9tP3wqlSCZE0eU0hoggmGUVfojGA9KLZTZOJ2ovauXlBRSGYYzAEFzhaBglrUpFKvRh8RVl+41bnWP2V23GDy3FdTds07lTrftZXKor3584AI3ddaNN71AlMNFdqASDEAGGFrZ33X4wGUegTZnjGBzPi0Vu61GWrtVmdv10FoLDEZeLplESI3BmYGWWSZi5BEaZzVu16pOwlfTmlW4HxqxrLMwKojmesvHM6I2p62MjfYd88VFkQtPtfVv2H+OU+0JL+ADAxm7DYGtjz3UPX+jWWwITMkTsVHekjFmGZA5CSVnixLILB588CSvsm9p4VFNeMnA+F5XzAkYgZUxcnKnwiZjdChM5f8QZl9ZrtR0rAWOkwjOYteR0BnwD/tBk39SoJzjV2NnW8t9m14vd5+uftc42/P1QU/quve3MV12XTwCAuq5z57TKKrZFzN19k5L9HomipSchyhFPQkzEioLTvCRF/MsxmREDZj4gRiFsp8auif4chCXoED0z6xZFIpqJ48qOh3hpL65ch4k1rwsDEFoMxMd85qRnaqov6Bmd+iBh5+OQMmUJd5w9d+UfP3y7//dU93/puX33h38eewDVHbf3POmGUbP/3dSwrfJ8lUWRbUiifJEkktvdIVAyL8eeblGiKImUmAYILGli8ZW5alVhjFhgrewzFTkiFjXFw3UhuM4gbJjeeUJgxOZ6wBNwOEQmNdUyZR+rq+5HhPsZv3qDTnX/7tEAzI+Gm+1n7x53ANUXrl3OEhI5AAATI0lEQVTb3w0nHNyjW+p/xxe/iaEoLuMVyuGUwTWKCqMYtBamZV5WigvDCJffFE5yKR5eYBPVlZeIMCSlilGcIUVLsUySpFBOJtM4gbLR2K+LS7OvTRQ/Ot5itFn23tYaets+A+CRrn71vab0Y89Ppy4dcwAN6sE2Y/u+aUnzILOSOmN8tzWkSSKYKwZSoinjjxLTxVB1AYIBq0KoMIIIslkkYxWHhKAgBsw+fbe8k6qMFDk0THmFaUZmcnSURJSbm6X4mMfseL30dmnQqNUN+G4ZOzs6WhrOt37G8H+kqx+Jcmfaf2m7euf+3441gAZtfftr0x+4XINL/OOuV3Zq5J6XRa08yIcCKanmQpReJsTQXuUo+YsRWcgzkoOaZqMovPm7s7BVnl16MR+QWDYXS8ay0zjuQpHo9PaGKWNO2VMSY+/o736z8fiGVqtvUDC8ePlzAB7IwoYjUa7n6p2r+qs/a48vgD0adUs9kmNP19xfzg9nVp4Pq91SYbKq1KDsykv+jEmsCSAoCHylwlVieS/pjfktAzJD5KIY8JAK2jjZPbb6ZnG2SEMoS7AICHpz/Nbv8xaPye6Ly87n49oJ+/y/mlu7z3aotCpdW7OCYstn0j32APz+2olpY3qU7q+eTn6UcGzQ/mWWcmoMmgEx+BtNAESJtsrU1tJ8XJpOhtmFBRxHkkleythEP8OWaDZRKjDjFMebHT5HYXVubmk3JPtDfLGYGZudz5jsdkuIt0+otA1ut25c1VD/Yt//dXu/Rt/Q0vkxhu/t1ne6Tg6A/W17Ps26rnkw6nalkAllDAZDSnymy6IoRsai5NsQFTenzMVIcWlmZmnX4raIvChYZRpdEK5HLMO8J8IUbD7H9SHT/IbyxKrb5ng46xmwjwxwjEU3rh8fHRsZ79Pr9SqtvqP/9p+aT7dolUJs6ejsMLZ8Gg1g+POpEwPg+XP7+bLq/XxZ9YWmzv7eUXPIMmwwOFbcBguCAkR0WSBpOUSF4h4nx3GLM4+213kazzFWYiFcsPP3dLTNEXueCo6YhoKFoN334uXq3Oqi8tvt5LnJiT6VymeaHNfvHypd12DDpeam9v5evValbzQqhWj8KE5L89Ppk1OBhg/iUTWGwbbGnv5Lw8EA79FMDD+jApOFLAsAbLpMh8PpUjYWoihKjpU21/BqNsoSgFAY9Q9NBIVRu2jXm4Ymg0M2m80x5B5YfPnuzbzTXwlOaPXjkyZfn+oQv8amQa1eq9Wd7+9qa77YWGeV/UI8SoPS/bXzxAB46BRRn7pgMGjqdKzu/0b9H+7O/6mJM4/j82z22c2TbHIkLlk3X3bzhTtDtwkOlFwEjPaIDYIFzkGWgAXh7AwNxxqOk0MPeqApN2frDONZZ9pz1LNqxetYnVE7N/5z9zybbLL5wk9nHbc7/JAhDJN97fvz+bw/n2f3yUihe2zmuxF5qbsv53r6429/dejwryfOfXb0oyO/O4J/Jv5y7h8//vswdoM3S4W+Dlic+RMzeqpjD6a7esmx0Dv76mWu6/jN+0+VMKWBgZ4lQ34IuJwCLL+CgPfIuKoEK0J0OcsAKde0y3oA2+M2Rv+yEH3DnZGlE5N9S5ycyPU9eE4NnHnvEGb4PvYmHx09+tnHHxz5Dc6N73949Hnomzt/v1hcPdcNwVi6Z66oza2urpZKSy++7jg5NDwLn3mk0Muv+4Gjqj8+6YGoShNCKuYOie4YBSH0qMFgEGdEKrrBWA+gEufL2yaUHzwslrpWjnUl2tWt7bHhgdLq+XMfHP7ksD7iO3QI97ifvHfk+8fU6Ezfc1lsnzw2Wix2nFjt6J0dHZ3NDS78bXt4rLuwqSFQ3Fv44z1ZVMJEZQjBgJqo8TOEGBCwEL2C0w4ZkhH52AawDEDjURubIIrlLwupPHjoALmZoal7vlgqs31nrHt2da+34+zExB8mfj/x8cTEUMeA9GpgZrJndVP787++/9Iv8KCvi1pND+Bj8P7N4dwezn1IQ+meWU1DUcXv4xJ2SAfUeAO/CkOqTd1KKm2IZETgu+6wGkCHTcwAm/nBQ8BohZ47t2YKxU1eefzlg/tf9aZH5wAqzZUQLBVmv/l86quFJQi1vZNDJwttnM/v/uHU5PHhsalTD55/t0ksC4SjPTlKKxNyeSSnrGRi1WCuP2Dc6SIPe0peeyRh3JZgCYDlJREgZapbPukbnwAKgU7/i+6+YzOzYKT4THix/fnnU1NjfVMrK5NjkysPfugf3dM0rXOgb7J7VMPuLpqS1Mf/6S+EfbHNsuErdAzO6d6vjAgCZU31K20MBC34qS6AM6I9Ifnnv73KWgwg7ua8OjYdJtn4hGEQ5JOpzVKuu+9sX9cSGBnpjHGvX78aSKcH0qM/vRaK2uamVspNDc1USiwpqglOlvMCjQlBWOhaWNLMqGBbMgiDRGUJF6iHiPnx5V8AW+L6/AWXdQCSmT7p5iL6umblyU0HQyEYI+keaHvp8yunjk2dT88xWIgpWfI8KwZCz0a0vdX+k0NDwycGKFjLZQ5vXg75U3wnxlfQGiEFIam7Lq/k86eCqMawxg85Ypeyb+zc3hJAW8pnt+kPvFY2PpFpfE4eNaqDARpa6j8/NXb2zOTx7kEsvnsvXz99Pth9fPLY0OTxrvSeGRP0Jnm6M+p+vL39E3DUqQwm1EDF/wHItLVXvAto4Be+tMVaC6BNH2ZhbJyxvmRXpTijhOzG6XcCDZfXhfMrY1NDZz799Mytf5679V/y4HVveg7VB6ngdGka7odzq1hlkt7uGm95kjxo8i6Sh8eSrPGjg5ffIL+3A5C45+rCsL5rNGP3ytmsh/RYqMYQUntL6YFc7+D29kJvfy73KiN6L8J6kSmhTmZ2QVclBLgeOP2pQDnbQSHpAk3exR7HxTslJO10hR//6DZrNYDu8o6V+sIwOUj6o0LtMc4pY28H61SDqy6UOACApm1qF2OcL2RKZUBzO2d7e3JLoFJ5SaS6RbEdmzsam+RW9gUX76C4pbrjFLla0DV9g7UcQOPWBJdMXkCEy29U9UB89jF3Q64ngwCfYioZKKyIPrfuSzpL/Y+3O3KF+pjGFwCXXadbSiJ6X//Hu0gjIvA2tPyQtSBAI/P59fBlSLZvgzVAuAurGjcYSAqwqQ3DTUbcDsHLVyWowRYig3Zn1tcoZ1P9haQjjnPyzvX5AxYGyISIe8b8Uk4e1iko5ONwvQTEyLVoxHRfIotyhivuIzLQLiMmxokhoyGu4xeo+D8HuDI9r1Q/lnjhakScd1oHII1Ewg8gyc+ABpHxpF4m7HQ8GYUtCQFHMO8MhRri3YDE+RFAequCL0WcgnX+L2CIG4yfxra++rEUeeP0la3d6LsP0HjQAfrwqQAqhGtEqyhMSKFMNkzDliLDoZ1wMCQhtjc1aoCTTZeCzP88RjATfpUrAujxhm17d67vjLPLGesApJ1SDPBOoaXG8MnSnEo8R6BFJsNVh4Q2SYgpf1lkNX6SVFfISbbDxZsM83GvY+gPONYb941mFi8tsxtJywCEjF2QMlscaK0xQL5bE6I2t08sr2SY+cUqVac2dfFUml0AZA40WxeiVS4cryZbzK9xh8rbO5dvTK9fgu8+wPJEFeL05/AkBYkkO9hcKSjRDcqAogpuwsyBCr2kxzXx1EWGDRBh6HfDlvYPB7O6JVaGCsA233TrQWqNY/lsgLUIQFI+ABfC6KiESUCoNoevhnbZuYgkUME+PQYRWVs7NkBRf2qfyozosDMcJ61KENkiF+bZn+V4awARhQAjS6gsMl1AZtsGw/VzeOJccDWQvBg4VHzUPj1GQNnKVzk3ps0Yli1pVRTRv7W8zloY4IFy98E7zS0Gtm1GEOpzlDBsUZjjkk/2cjLYp+wARhTspOqaZwomfqCiZ7T7hWm/T+rausTmx/PWAcgegEyTxvRMrwchJiUkA60LCxZQNlvl3PiuHVd0YCTE+uKt66/yOrI4f5CqLYG48vnd+G5+N2wZgNxpjj4YV6OwVaOPO7kUJ6L9NIbkdhQlnJtaDARcxvIl5hyu/xvc0QQN/xLZGW/YqzI7nvm/DeDbBBi9urG8fA0doFtqDAbyWR+Zp7TSGCUqsOL+nFyszkEDXvXChpkCdoiMPnSp8UOR04381Gnof8Q+Eq0Twiy7vru8sSOjSHPFBIy/HfJC+dwbNWZPpqCp23NKNQcNg41dM3GI5G+8djpsit+ryw0LmMKT9dv09PIjm5UAJljWc2N5elFkIvWLjjgOU7BadOvaWAQCav0tBnZv1QBhfrGWcxkqLoliNmH8n8jVDbrhs0CnKrNIRayVAJaP+O3x6cWk3cQQt2heaOKDC6rdOPdK+4aaHbQQgNFk235p0xHLc6HyXAYcfDiN2J/zeOtfzBe+O/7omuqK2Ixe36QjQAyiROZ6hCF+LwxbF2Z3SM0KEO4zP8X5j0b6iCyO7r6hW2DeHYD4CGytX76Q5zFDR7N9qRhEIUDHk8F9NRbPuP0+d+v187Be7vVWznf9yZppgCpwEVaQrQ8QH/a19cvzeZcstWox9IlCKJON76uxhMrTgG8ay5j46f/nwNaV7MParMC2+G1A3r18+pcAkMySsutPvsgGbLaWXZpDUZVQ81TGGC2QNUp9LKMXXRNDEz8UWbvUcPvBlcCFu9RfI78MgCzrW1TnL6+vtbVgCNx+RIOgEvK5m2f0ptGCPoZ1/q+989lNFYjCeHCgoxWa2laRVkHrhoS0S5aseADChsiOHRvDzoC4IBBZkNzEuLwxcSULk77AfbqLelX806pN01t1Zg1Gfwxnzvm+MyNHL5SJhN8ybtZlZ1Ns9im7ibvgXABOoxMmWbHt8QCsKQkYy2HYSj5dS6AJ8XXNviRSVfUav6a/eRx5oacNlEELngvARVr2GsXK6G7FELtaSaQLu2SpuBBiPrMtbc0ruUotX0nx2/pLi0A3HlTj9tQASrYK8Mj66Hh/nDFjZUgDgM/LtyKx5cnNlS2MEJir9+xzWvOYhT9al9yXb3n83wCw+tjy1MjcsxcNcKbeGogAgKtF+bZpOSVFSEbgcu/Ip1Pbib+bT1b8XnML8AwAvrTb7SpMyvYuye/fDVlmw4Sh5FXAbmUrKUJkWaTesVSSuqVGzKs9lpSdO3gOAMkwDNvAGMAuU+wcdocyeQtu8PpO4Qa/4WrFUvU9226+fiTVHmX8cYR1/WD4sLZ8BdoJvcL2b1Vs+v6BPWVtkg66XZUktoQbbGpfEjMVtrqVIGLPq/UXsD5J0ukPve1bqb+vYaCmS2rlZADSJakCi+Qxt4jBDvFrYV/ObDuGKaYTxGT+LbUFQLrs5lOxoS8up19e0/qGMz4ZgJ8bd+OWHlZX4heWeyTT/TRJgsgsE0Qsza/obpW7ngFX73T5wYorTIc8bYBjhYCsMvpY/BoosZnPzBhiV9Xidj/NvBjG1uaf4G4fLkv3x+5yXw3ehZGusSeeSEu9W6LfdPf9jLn4la0DItU0mFagp8Uwf7vqSLoW3V3rQ95cxkTJ6kkN9cuSnO8HeK8luc0TdJ5pB5oH7NZ48pROJAd8fXfyQmT5kqctWh1Awf/QKgINSI96/Vb2hEu58jDJbXjoZBsuNEYH3UKNJ725gLgL4UO+0Zhu86cwHLz4H7u93i+Lg+pXNvn+r1d4MDEwu+Ue2JsnSIRsdAy5si3cYJUk/iXFMJ8wZLl4j1VJt6SJr3JnAJAs5QF4PSoXyzT/iV9rbUYLbylhSA3//FoHeD1OJlvV/JfB1JNUMHobMyw8A4CfFGE3xS8s5c3hFd3bEOyxsAf5fuDOfbmmmszlX/hZSPq7o2Ng03svwrSU+JX2NvGnTjqiApLjyDrlQs+Gs5zvvlycnllpiecLUNa9ziFHweKlqfhVAABQKX7U+gaabGTbFpb1p1WIMz1mTIu7PTzdIn1+AKMBdA80IeuPCcOR5mWvF7Ewu2sDDVAnXsWd18Gg9mrH1Jd/6Z8EMFTL/cP7be85ZdIfiNf12buc6e6qbYE3lGFhuFyrTOasAQqubh5zvZcXVL0VCET9+qoV/J/v/LNWYZ45PkIJ6lT8UlSIAH56iIEbwssFKH90hhVQLXBtWkeWrpRpkLCpSJcBcBQ9Wu+eQAKkHq4a6pEd4g+S7PL95tvzRQCs/fYfk9CHvSMwuViXrfkHfxqQ2u12DrYVTYGt10sA+KxMpuUXUN5259BuWdEKh59vCsZhGFKajjM67LAXABDrjtRglgMauZskX3u52ajuJqHsO0du0hcn9gCPWzp+AQDLGcgaSUo3iVxiaI7zhZeNbLlUhcKxMynHaBy8es3BS3iFk0FAKia9XpabGLzODzQAT2j8jDywnCzD9tjpNZhWGEfCvsvbdlDOWBGOAK6Ff40eD4yR0NX2KjIaFzej0DIRwE2dqjasmmH/ADHGYZ0nMkYAd6CRo/2OBa540KFLXQTwk0PvqXee7zYRwE8OIS89QFKACOAZDAQQAUQAEUAEEAFEABFABBABRAARQAQQAUQAEUAEEAFEABFANBBABBABRADROAbgX0IbPMmdqjIbAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Lorenz Attractor

![3D wireframe plots in one
direction](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D wireframe plots in one direction

![Loglog
Aspect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Loglog Aspect

![Exploring
normalizations](data:image/png;base64,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)

Exploring normalizations

![Scales](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scales

![Radar chart \(aka spider or star
chart\)](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz9/f37/Pvp6enu7u7//v7x8fH////u7r/+/v/v8L/q6ur09PT6+vv29vfr6+v19vXo6Oj5+vn4+Pjz8vLt7e339/fz8/Pn5+e4uLjw8PC/v7/Z2dnW1ta2trbk5OTJycm8vLzExMS+vr7w8MPm5uaxsbDS0tLf39/d3bvvv++zs7Ph4eHGxsbs677p6L65ubnw8MXc3Nytra3Ozs7l5b2qqqrLy8vQ0NDB4MHwxfCWlpa6urrY2Gbb23PF4sbg4IWcnJza2m3i4rzCwsLg4bykpKSsrP/d3XyTk5Pk5Jfi4o7iv7L9ZWWOjo6np6fabNrn56HAwMB/gYF7enrp6alvtG/eit6fn5/9gYHdet3r67CJiYns7Lf8c3KZmZnt7f5ZWVnlxLPx9sC/s5V2uXZUVPuGwYb9vb3f37uGhoXTX9Pz89Cn0qe+1r99vH1gX1/7++2SxpKioqL+ycn91tbua2v9j4/9/fax1rH++P273bjVvLL/8vLlmuVqZmeey579razUc7tosWjY147pqumkpPl1dXTyXl/Q0GvcvrJTUlH19f7s7vH03fTr8evs7MNubW6Fhv7rtOv/np74+OTp1sD7+/++15Lu9/DSabv19dz88PzQSdBfX/vmv8DTh7zU1Hzqf4H/6ur/+PjQ0F7f38DevN47Ozv/4uJHR0f7KChbrFn7VFDkveRtn1I6Ovzc7dzcl7vf367AbrvR5tHYoNjr1+fw8ve9vP7Z2LrfrMDTbtPW0LmRkv/f3/rY2KScnP/IyP0+nT7cqLVJRu/MYbv2QUH00vTsx8jp6fJ0cvfpl5e/Wp3EzU/55/ntrKzroKD8//++Xq3AcjyFszS7n5rtsrXIjou6fJm0b2q+zG7m8ubJQW5hYdjkj2fXpUGQkPjMsarp6dLpwurcwWL0/P2SpnFbPb53mmO/klcuLi6jVZSitTB9fdjNSrueLoCtrYfLuWSHvGjVsIm0vFLn6eTe3spzfjWcnO+mzYvEs9LR0fqoqNayGcSfn6jSgAN7AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsm01v2moWx+sH248q2/jdBgI2LwogGSQEyESCDRJK5cUYCbwgEhrKplMhjYREO7MYVaibUIl7F1SVqtnMplkkRFnPvZupZjaV7vJ+jX6CkWYxtnGApEnrLmYUuD5Jmseuseufz/P/Hx+7jx59Z8A9j0f/6wgABgADgL9JgMWGDENK0R2L5GodkkxjEFaT9lAlD7wNVeXI/X1YjyZb3rp89ebOYkpnPQat5I2/K9T2EiBYLnCon+slk9Yn02mtX63Upep5DzUqzZGSPD5v9476ibaZgPXhUjeTZslaGvVRwygYCoTTc74yaZjJfvrASJgp2Dnv5fpVLRdtN0HjvC2a6YyRrxuHTT1n9rSSWahn9w5gadg0jKU2/Tybl63B1BzOKwhtzfuL8aw7HY3mxfHQHA+tLhwsu04MLXPRn30+7w9HGHu+bC7jM2MxmltDfW7aAPWxORz3FvMUVGfDrpX/fD6aL8zl59FCXwy79jfYM4BhY5hkdQNO5/XpQJ/Vx6ZVgIXRUBsvBs3FsjLtWea4bmX7sFeHPSU9tCb6qG4upqXZGFEWfWta7ye1cVefTxYLmLbgYGyM5l1LhInuWBtHZ9NKt9kfzg093bfGFWso7ZsGojKElAQ5HFAodL4kBGI0AwUOULwAwrgERRimeMhxzncMAE7iKUQEIgfD9gWgUAlAFGNQhKYgsNeIEOB8GIMIzUOcwUQg8YAkeQ5wIAZFPnDhwIUDgAHAAGAAMAAYAAwABgADgAHAAOD/DyDG3xESCAD6DZkMr0LieJ6jKI7nJCocwwKAPkO4HjBKgUSPyrQgCgdQCAD6DebJWyd+hkQvakZTeqWewBQkAOg/A5+68QMU8q1sOpdupCVel+UAoG+AiDdAVNs5KAecFMGCDISEXuUg5CGAgLMHHLzHWJmP/3LiKaSbyVYyqx0c5BglQn4bIFLNJexPJDQM8tpRXBf3DGDnfGouelZ7OLHSVtc068PEnduRH392wgaoVEZKLas3UXrC+JjC2Gw8no2W5rwL62Z5PLH2DGBrOZyf98azZX+RWc7r4+mydvcUpn5w4j0EABVFHA0xkMwDP1O4Ph42R93maIZUrOJsZOwZwHCCPVTpPFcmC2wkwqrhMvX1MobU3DKGwGkyKvgxEZmgGVTMi4cQ5kPhHLJ/JiIpcS6UaqqxdChE3Yvh9YkTz+0yRjGjGbuMiSNanvFlIq20HG61a5HEUQzdRxfG9Umnfdwr9ZtKN3UvwFdunEFBTWvFRDGV5NGDGOkHIKboldJkkO43NbMJ9hAgnxpMjjPFSl1JTcrfLmMKdpZy7lLMZyFd7fV60VbH1Brtzj5mIMZACsFsd8AAd2+CkBcvnHjllDEHdhmTauQYA/WVgZCnMArD7BKJQrjfbCH908VzJz5AOuqVMbF8X2WCQtr3nciZGwhEII6KQoxgEAiCe+F1gEK6TPnqxvBFEQJVpDCJTn4HwFi1hu4vwFBRsY1Vaan38wj/8Q9O/AUSzcwkpenZSU499qmBUEo0UrlqqpQL7yNAvKoc5AHEEeywpdTo+zKQYf5qf3EQrSqDVLWR1UhBI/wABPmMciRAIEA5p6TyYL8A8vFGKeG+c4Y6b05R5VQ0R96JeYPKMWzE5oBQPhqqrJ3c7kXhYs6fdFJJH+4iQFA8jOfsLAI5SdoSvo5SjXkLqPfqGZmLpm7KoZCJV+NhXFiFfB32SIhtar1CIq6GGb5wuFUKxapKp7AqILGP//Hwqx3lphyCZLKcBA8cIN9tNg2lEm0apb73ZjNhJ0Nos8UvG7Bo7YYcZhOTdA8i4I7YbNQzjEG2lzSa2bqOecJXasQ3LwQ+ebIecvFGNLGRw4TS6NTRBw6QUfpGtnHU62e1unO3IayEbxOP//Z0u7ZWbTm87ty1lHa6/a0eQObYyqYyma7eMDrXwodvb7AF0Dn+lhyqeqU1oR84QIwnBZIGKCrIInCF75YhPn729OYKVw6Z1RkyEeabRkuJPCGFQxKKk67wEc7achvNTw5tteSl01Pn1datT2zkkBZReodMRN0SvkRbjrsXH6GePf0iyZgv5NBXyX20Fj4Y7VSTVocmaBQ/PcVRmgjROLeV57flcAcAxrNpdrOkZRKdbhUlQkToWZ4OETQevokRTWq17+svaqn4Rk2r9UZqkHA18dSdwhgn0yzKb1cBGrlLAPGseqNPMugo9TiHYKspjHCyyBLyDUekte8qOzq1D5sMDtEycv2Q5XStgQhDhDbQuGpqlwBmWO7lOscoNCRyELmlgRTO0ptpJsqk8h03vJEMdvLCy0VW3J7+/9w2ESCynqpyEdhRdwegegAfvz7xToJmmXtMJEzQ3rnjtkDWEv47YwoOL65eOntf7+IugM7RCSc1wSGApILsCkBMcXoCJ392i1yW/IoLS6zo5F3YKRSB5ruLF3f+g9yLTxeQjNy+7b0F0N53RIYY6+hlNbcrABOuIZxdvYNUCMW+XsYIEQlSETc3ykWf/CjNzbp3ly9/XCcVW5KEjk3zH0++uJw0SstuNmrSbgDkV+cHP1y++3FthLm2XNbtpdsAIQihrDcLFZ+dqGR89ftPlxsniUYTWj/OCG//Lci3X4dTyyvO+fRuACx6Tzx+fX75fLuSOTZygvjsIy7zN8QIi1/7L9HwZ/EruwEh4erq1fqgg5JmFmXm7Skj2PUSzWyOQdJSZIU0Ku4CQFS5Hvz07vLF9draoJNplpnws18YXAyFYhvpp2WB8OZ5q+DnACm3wkTsuf/h0+9WBAF6WMYpB8/bVR0ooSzq5SEfwewfd4Fu7ALABuHxQyF2cvlyZRZ27Qy27oWBTIQ8b47Zpy14H2E0H8/DVfeRG8aGXSP5/ZnNEt041dsn62dYrOjsDbjspIh7jdL5hw+w0NpUJvDsjW2VkCKIay18v24mUDTLu1XwNUUnjnI+LN6FRa+a/68/nZw5Pgu/AOg8ZI6QEIvw3jxe3cCAhw4Q0VaZFV61sC6u3lwwkY37vd/qxnAh1C5wV7PX4wG0b3bjc26bDF8Rx349eXNCb6Xt422AEKFF+jo3UffGPHf00AF6/0IQ8c7qxdWbv9/bzhIiqpcRGPtf5q41JqozDeecOWfOcM7cmZsjFUEugyBXwcIyDqJUViAObh3WobIJFNDltlBBEWW5SAME0aTWCGWF0tpfpA24iKuYNPEStWzXNVpdVzem3e3aRLdm2yb1V/c732XmHJ1x+/Mco2SYOZfv+Z73ed73/T7Q/POM0gY5pHOQ1wc7OvaypEdLcymfbQ5pwGKiY5bMr2IBJDEiENJRS4NVSOjZ9AQqfqsMQC46hZgJjamYb/g5Fm8iOfdNQ3tH1V5sLjlRjjf+IQPQbrWRmeR0JlaiMEoFEKu01hrAxbajAyFoS0g2vPWrk2clmbVBS8cTKCwoCbQue+n10dsWkjCyoEzc1VF1DBXgOctjXn/0NsMY6UChw4JamdzQqZZ6nDIBxHkCS6adBfJ3sGN6x4dQ/d9a8+pPdSmCwNgCPg2rVBxiNPf/jRISNHB5JJ3HpiGCRtc2l5H57G2zkVGhNgwyYC3hNDotkGUpEsB0xDy1OpDjgX/aAYIspzVZ9TTQwBGO1ltN4jqbXSAsQdFvwHXMS4wSSaRTHYhQCMyOparer01WeB7SQB0DshzWgdjNBD7OSPN8JQKYiSyAIpjgyd/VsWPvYTS+kZNn4ScYh5kYsJrEI941mLg2/KIfNGmWXB7rJnWw7EbHX2+i753EGkgLjED8wqEjAS9S0JysUyqApFq3qOXGAIJsGgs9BlB8L5MwTYVlUI9Tk/C9Y5QmagnixKki2gdLy3bJAQQG5SLiF0lkT20P9jqUCCDpF6kwNFZCAWPHEhb6AICsyUFWTMyClCCk1Ai15ocKFYF+Dpebh3s7Jsv2wPbfyWcGYkpB+zDYSOMi2G1TEoA6moVqnYwe2GyQPi5snH5QdqOqFwTbipy6TQlw/IKWJM/B8TFaabFr5kioUWbOHCyVA5cVzEEr2Tu9S0QwduvlZzkpqFENNI/Yhy5wCo37veJ1OEohAAobYrNWgochPXMnxoExcoGkun3wDggyfULWZRdsDIsGHMjmCAUJ8k5glGzMsvwsJKnsazHJ6ZZAs8aOBUIncEGlZauWdpW1c8tiHj1LEG+vi6fgQgGBGN/JguZsVTzHRWVty0qwKQLAlF/kxLIsZ1rFySI4oPUGPTQSEGQ3k3+qe0MEEHFDZ3ruDBU+Y10UZ/4Nt4HZADlC/TL/14AtbLpTBoYTzw8FsxPA8d6ydlfO5f+8BhIjCvlGIN/RM6QAR3MAniHHFJOY4FIEgIat6xIAA1dkqm1wEwZOom1WiVSxLAiywUn79brrjMlJUhcSs5gYHFweom0WRxbLxa7YlIXUnk2IzV9m56KTLVpx0zTJ0VUYHCc6uX1w8sZgO1e3GSRMjIBLauI3LJkqQRQErWWFi3NlrUlYYVaSiSwX7IxBFd3T5BlDe8NtsvChqpbulLV/XTcCcHsF2wBtIjkH+ohVcAoqwWrXLoO7s4JNAfGFI9bmNKhUhmbPfXi6lZMTHRhJb9kHdaILp7i45940iKewtM2lElQGp35NtAJdeC18anOu7+LFmZaezvl5BCCFBZxdGLzTW7ZQdxZEqlP1nDaZdHoAjhCfooccZkIVrHq4sEvZm+tnwA2aPLNoFiIJI8/umL52rOryZjGzDFQfDKJixILVLvapGYcTTu4quwIBJL9oUn+kq3amv6XF56ttA8M8gjXfeLi9bLJ38PIIpzIGagm9WoxYq5DpYMTwpPG4M0M1ndh0iJgdlBizTf0XxWlq65y/T35oJ9LwYdXStWNP/wRbjIHExTpxdaDC37CYiVZKjBZ0KUqBADLbgtFyv6m2tq2rq6mtxdfvq+/JnR1jgRr1Vl079kAPG3MqmJ1oDZmgMrZH0oycretCtvaXQ9SdiFO0p6d2ZqbfV+uDMNKcOkI0kj1Pe2EnjTrCcftHV3f7G7z+7tWjExQRZiiK2hglJtJ0ujTXYufrfbVNuR5PcyeCsbana3Z6evKBiRHFKF4Q5UxtjEcaZcEhhW14uTrUDRCs5JcDgsuMedpE/HrA9X0t9Z3zY3vKJh/1AgXeP5p3xr/YsFgxcHUB6GcEy1GyTCl6pSIrkXw0NAGFx3692VPf39LU7MkFMOZ2isP85vev33NprUCM4lVoDxpeTtJixPDL9JD9BBTYZCcCvs1sUz0ge2dXZ0+97/bnDx/e+36gAkDnr/jnKPwgblezAtmpAIu5KEUCGCtIR2YUI3Wsq6W/vhPgl9vc7AFsvHvr1tQoTUHxk31YBqA+dIRZN4UAkHNy5vmmFl9LT9epoRNfPP3x1oPp0QlwZ1piv88DGCsoEsDEKOnI9LjUnW+q9bV1eXKbc3NPfP7Dg3t/8w5QpKxHWvgCA02htyjo8qXGjW/DoiuMeb57cvvfj3/3zRePH97qfRFnOYD5NkUCiJVFkKcXQKtme4ACNnf9/cknM49//GG135vH4R1VxDXUWimer4TZZpQvnkS6sZhaRDYb3dunHv/2zerhP06WPCzZR76N8SWZJnoqotZKAxB7m9UsmWtccVHzbbdvf/LdiQvjbz65ljfg9S/Iq1+MCh7mGkfoG2wySLAmZoKoVukevjI1XF19YHhuqkZT4N7ulAOHazgUF85tygQQZ1c4dyVzjyq6xvXvn0jLqJmbqr57tzsv70xD90SwQRdgLR5mTJi1zcRMSbSTU+HXLYVzV76sLi0tPVBaOp6mydg5tL4xqMSSr3YL9+KvRldMPzBGK9UzIt+mCK61YOh0RlqShu+7ND73rwpvxcd5Fd53WEkXQVrzU+lhtlpGr5NIgy3YH9hX8P34VOkwAA/8re47X8MnZW93F7wrUUw8q4jqa10KBXBltDRaCEXOaitPHToap+Gzk45/Oz5Zs75xAUC4GkjhVdrKyfQSNVgsy8NcH75BMjoin9zhdwvvjl+qFtEDf0qrL/UB/Pi4uC3u8n0RKnm/B1F9G6NQADMTpXQiQDYOvb8zTgMOnp+7ciH7o0OHKG6iG0A44F0clfMDkTbsfyhAQ2qSLoyAfCii8b9/7qsWwxcg+OUwOK5cSOPB7eI0BYWn9XIpRM+WTisUQCGWk2ZqcNZbS9yfZovjERFM0qSmpaUW7gPfnwBO8vEZb/d+SS8fkyox7LIZFEeCth3JGn/q0/N9fZcghCIHDwxPna9B98uoHCpulPXLINUj85W6JoKfjIggGCFb6S45GpcEGaHh03bzGl6TUcyjUuWdRf9AhXc1UHgcUvjrprCbE1Y6JH1GSuyFUV+d2nl0Nz/ZNz5XWi1aSCmMYQSgJuloubukVcJa2CQ3xCp2WRPFRmDR4nrj+mIxelPPQQT5IkjFuPICBIBgzvP7u/3+q0fw8AwoM8kPu1caJohEIkQ01A5n4U4grjU1x6fGp4YPVMNj/DiaMCiFJe7t1IisCRuVqFgAsTpj62s9dGp7BhxJKuJgEiaGWySFOR7AxV71e/2LFX8JUooUHCEPVKKQVhWVYmJYrrwkjt+YxPM1x+eujPfB41sYw/zuIjhfqcWFpyNIyyvodYoEEOcHNrj/AkRv0lEUTLwmqQhEcBF6lVFQCTyarHaPVjR4GwZEKVRbJCVv6K1LMUEYgEm5xPlqdWtEg08FEJ47jo9zcNI24kjOOD1U/J5k+S9cN1UBAJIM1URzkcVuTVwa4Zw4xGxAQxjJfOV6rSm4e//IaHfDH0B1x+EVoMxXX5Kq08SdKMZk4+Du9IJykCKlJW3UAInFR1Ean42FF0KZUe7e0kpWEMJ2UxUAIOmpRqqsVlCcxvHZu4me85qiC7uzgQenpmV/NPSV5KelGdGSAYQL/2Pv3HraurIArHPzBt+O7zeOj4/BVx0b8BUrGAuMIVwUO9wUq4AYXqKB5qGRpyrqw0SVchGKqolUoTw0jBRNJ1Jb9SkPnaCOkhmp6jxN5y9U/Q8d9WU0Z5+7DQY7EPUYsZ4SBMc+3157rbX3Xmsvy2m7qeo9VbMTOPisVD475E4pBR8/HT+algDmjjie0if3cShD+sWJdeJTy6m7qRoAKK7SCZ+fe9HPJ5ZS+pkZmWBuejg3E4/HZ6afLC4pGXz8mR149tnh/249Ewyprv0HiHADARyRj4SR0rowQkfx+M40Jzvx+NGwjE+/I7iuzbnyDP83YUbD2Vn8nqrR4zDBzZADSHBnRg4ChyUF0W+WpVnkwOT0i88ODx+cHuaK0xslw/JuA8751/XJFB8kcZ80MpLjtLxPP52Tx00ewtTLMr+6a7ubqgWAgwZg5/PM+PvT7pYXOB2MC5NpOC4rRV9IXOoDnJT4wZTMa++/fw24Tquq5BwMATPXcDm7BeeWwhPCAEGjB4eH+8+I9GHCAIZCqVDfy/uT//4riYAkpmGAUQoXc60w6PDulhZTojlXKQX3QguLQsqKvCgVq73+9d6DX04r+DIVLR4Hn3Igq6nO2r+wAINN2WEJ6i56/1wo1Le5tDhXLj9f6DvYc3ssRZeGAWI1KSEL4TNP9+YmU5wXnOFmr/BKkkzsQVWSC8HEVAzQTzyLUKd9QETca5WSC2HQhP1chlsV03oVQDhcodTI0culyVK5tLiWOvhFDJvSGU1mqBoHKH8yNgb8Xml8bR6ZIKeE07kZ1ftxy7lht0e5I4bAZO7LDAESA1SxNdhND2CVNIO52bTK+Yh/49xfaxmg0JP45trC8/3y3MLmnbv85BcnfYzVcV/WXykQ2gLIRqvjOmcNgEREWjYJBWrI5BynHn0jfz/KjfSJPqRvJPfmuVGJxghMMmkWmtMwtB5brbZkMpvr6XtRYyXKTeKskmAtyfDzF7m4XhyhUKpvfWFyf39/QX+wJ5tK8bcLXs7CsP7x3ZOvaPztADJ0vZ4NVDlFwuWUJ5cwLxdLId4o5bjwYmdmBkYyO9PD/HJO2hWQs9D4mwKQfLDauh421YrzdIyGWJPLAnqnQnCvvHl0NJMbFuDNlUv3X/439hT0A5Wr4UeqAtt5giQ9Vce1ZgMDLkvAHYOvbaej8izmd54WSnoYY3AawkXRnAxDrwiXc+JvhaUdfDi9+J8EbMcWC+YACPusfPjip81qKlCWFl88eZKLv7lfmti/H/+Z/JupX31y6RRmhd0rfrOA0aRRJyKNs6RbQr31Uln/YiTESSoVCumHN9fXlhbmJiQvKi2KQXa0w5L1QIQUHbA0Dw/249BbzC3dufv0qaB4TtnZIpiwc4hHYmc9WRsAOUsjo9DxxfZrE284ZouTc6VSuVwqzU0uLq1Nm4RIxkm0Yj9bfKyAwizf1DM5Mbn++V7T5qSkn9IvKdZZ+wC5yShlkJv4WyHWS5DZZurOwd09VdIoSsqRjDLxOxHbqFiSZxBOAQjr3vG9L0TMORTUNEp30LFUMwBFdyDGaaTLKdlzgpDDB8xOKmW+zkgCdCPEYEXMqvHAbi3mE3wCTH8ldFIpbHK5k1tVtAMQmGklvcCOUbir5fvbfOmAcvybiHR9cWfUaxd3Ljw+1HmCU0BJROcRe+HIwU/vAORCYmVN5nCYScyAu102FEVNLiNOWkmjBT8GoytJsOIDEIeHshwL6xBL2qMTzYWOjYGeA8h51aJJfRSBmnU4CQXXWfhEXqsUq0jTsUtRpr2R9HHjY4HXVEOdREwW3GDF5TqUcMQAehEgSLOOpgyYVl9qbHII3YtLcjzQT6BmH2nADJxgBpKveJWO3v20BfQmQIBFPOpz89atFYM6JHkbISpJ9bE5r32Ios3CATUz0PmFtFoDyK1tKVWtwTG+qBIUv6XwZsLX5pQIWlk0ONbF4zQHEKBDjJwGdEzcDnlZ9tYCl3/WNqdEhBW4WQr0NEAAxgas7epzCYxZRsA5hWRjbUMgX4y1gl4HCNL5YjvJZ8H5xcyy7Z5Pd3RtpdYBAsKEniwmBFyIoG2l2ydpE2APieYA2rN4wp+g2miap+AqhCnPOV6YoGK+rLVd8wEkGjAUDH5bDwNkxzZmA9bZk628scGsMoZk4xwA/WxmN00W20QqyYF6NUZuUb0MkKk2Eska2gZgcpXxZBvEOQHGttqEkslgfT5trRV6GKCt4AtQVLSNMcei9miYws5jtKiYIxrItkkGIfweMmrt6Sl85USuAF4BvAJ4BfAK4BXA3x5goJhP5ul8ftQGmGqhuGW74FcnvFvp8TwKZhmARKqxeuSyASS3t7c3Hm3vPp4C28UPBr8iLxgg9tiwMXXPH348Hwt8UNud3SYu2xS+t7VNb62MN7bA/Op45p7hggHaV8fZR48c1L2v/ObVR5nxVfSyAbQRFhthxmGdtA44zBduvggnvGDCRsKkYQtwopfPifgaWTKdqfrTGargfBceILMcxthx2NU5lr6MXthCz3vrtTy7UqdXht4FwMF6I9JoVFa2Rnfrl7LD9VAkw44VRmuVZJeJMB1KNhLJJ7Nj9cqyl7mKA6/iwCuAVwA1CJAci1Q877Dft4sapf3mywqQ7xRqjVXoc3Xxbi9oYoDOGgIFeugt2zNrGqCNCvKdSnEU2NJFqR/pBYohycIqODt+rCNvjwE8aYIisFOpoHYOPpUSdvFOoxdHT1eQ2vAKiThNPaF7CSCaocaCgTDmC5Jy9QLfoFY6/O3/6Xcn/JSXcIQZPDN+KxaYZCFMGgp+Uj5JslPFol/KIDc7lZ+O+tV55S5vMUrbNQ7Qvlud36IzkeoUuyLAaOkYr27Mp9JLKPlEg6mf5WBmqxtb3ilmd4remCVkw6fStVevmvRSZQ6jweXKllPjAM2V8fpokZodp4uNBN+ke9TfZO1aOhtCyyjlFUQzkWX2LIBJeiNYZCpVNthgeMNHN5f/9r+6fpJlhOLMZwZrWm8RzllABLHDbB8CRWUFIwa9aJI1AQS1mW+/tqNNmR7ugqSiFsJCnP18FLgIAt6zjyoKFsvrEnkrIFCT/fpDuwklmnyzZA5NJputd7ywc0wxcbYM66yvJAwY6cRvv8bh9bM+ddkDNIfWLs09SgUVw+cdyDKrFdj52ffwVz5VGjeqXBRvJG294oUFWWYTyhsgmalkbUqo6eKbUhEmo9NKqvQNCQyx3QUttYLK8GXHR73zQv6D0KQedfkMmA9Vm8Oap5cAhoMfyn1DCYfVYBQaZkgABb1wWn3yZH72bbKrXFxv7A+KgpEYaQKihl1/KOuoAyMVp2sMdNIAWisACdr45Y0vRRvnUWsC+PNrVXjokCqJPr55DWG7OGeiGPCR0OEFtk1UBysKQIjWIPUccZMg6+8dgLDpzu/5zqt2uUeoKLdfN5H28SXF/e/9EYB055t4Jg72FzcgQQK3NtcQNgHkrwCCQ/Tjt5z3Ye29AlBo+/TRN18A/FiCeTNAvt4SAbduwX/SHS+R+QbDf/nhE2D3tCZmXf9H6wrc4wI/HsKbHjtoAK0RgIxwJHHjG2W1QCzTKDN0AkBudv3pwU3eFmLBThdugjn78OtPPpXHJ13zeTLGEwByQ+S8efgxbzjx3gDoEy+MMH59Q5lKGZbcqGNu3/f/FNqqqOTaoVjUttzhTn9QdKj/UTWApgeikWrB6Pj1J4fb3LLK/u67W0K4VOwNgEHs/9Sdf1BTVxbHJ7+4QELyIL8QQQj+ACOKgBWSIqkuzrq7Zgt2BIMzcabAQkvFkQEiohRFuqzbggusP6oMClLGqSKlSN3BOrWClSK1gGKV6qirtnW2trXtbMfZ2d378yXPJtL/fH3+ATgk4X7vueece+5750ODY9nbDv4/5y2NWrw0VKXu/lCFsCph7ohRX1SvJE8j/CK8sJv6pbzncgOgU9aZTM+mGLkztzDhWu/OkRRV2VVEQJAe+2sQMI6MD0GlC9+moVKtDJYHYYpW93/wsjIqZfQRjgNFViAJJvs9xlWbIsQbiX7QPzgpAFoql8kMABkxjtbFAAAR3ElEQVTea3gJK7RuwnVthjWnq4E06Z8CLywKASmAFjMzA1wfNeNQqOENrvtD5pr0WDVJRhMaMMEo/wK8MAzx5OkcPfKvh+0fleFQbGQGd+Y001kVjFu8mTPM1oyLlJCWkiJ+AQnZkXItDzthqGTttIQCokfKUQCuIt+TZlixUzeeoOxNHamrHDl2rOxeqAdojxcQp6AcdBBN5iYYpAifeQq8sBgEJABlQMHSY+11dZ8KrMpDQOj0GqpymC5kM7xwypuOCFtUy/bOpcfqhsaAdwHhFL2XUWs1YxeIu6FNgRcWg4CEbstDoUBpXR0LlTHJgIvq/ofnbze1GPnYjU1Es3CK95dPIwbOO7PROrbnkZkMIPmWp4Bg86k+q9ma3QR45vaTAdBPX0AiAA8IB9wbzeX2UprJzDHO+6NAwPNFFzW8goRzGD1FoCQCyNmrFDLO5aQKzpgRkfjyA4GAOdl3OqELrHdPqnyauAUkgGGeShoClXS02ctITWbNojkvdL+ml3NU3ost5z0atxEApuHJgZIswRC+iKo0Qj/rcOLKRfQaU/TLNxr1eiNLr6tyrOauTnPGZvK7WrcLEKuAJAjwLFAcirfaLyATCdInJuoV6u7fSjl5MC6TbC4yI11Decao2h2EfFUBSZhWsl0tbsrWbndBBRW6yAhZSMjpRolWp8EAaNCUYTWbzV19OZ4z9EQA9NMWkAKG+SoSITSW1Y3aj4SRVC+gG9frDGgHnEECcBA7aSddiiVPesaXpCHurk7kNs2y8mZnu5Lkfacb8VuFhaqAtciMLisN9KyNdMQi8QpIAMq8ARrpEU5h+WgdvSN1Tzc9s1A3ZLMAzCPn9WrPjYaXi25VWFYpYaFkW/mF8q3kWyIgSq3fgwkMFjCnU8EqX56JuAgFVJHxyXnsKstuXW2jzq1CAUFtEZ+9sZINxeSafB6KPwYY5kMJaGtrdh4WCAh3ODAAm+9ABTPqeSQ2/qDI6WIVkACG+SYd/PjUMueoCw8w/OPBB2G0gnCAdeUkreNxIiL1LEb8PMSTYgDjFzO0KVAoVY4LLgf8AC789DB5OnlzRhUMwOiCaTTDsdBmSaZQcQmo0HAYmkzLUQJcBUlqxtrtV1wOCZi9OGnwAZanvqUeKm0QWAYPwcHlPolGynok6+QhmK9Hy1ECtgUWVge21n2KPsA058Yw6RKYnY0DMFzBtdn8aTttxUPKYXqtn1ocAs7+XeriFDioGbTPIf2zGKoeyGBMKbW3OlwgNOl/g18idQ60mIEHxP4xfjIqyErmpCfNI3U/ybppz0cb+YIoT6dhE8QhwvWRukKHAwl443k0LVWnUADu7DKTNJo1RqGsGDRDUfNS5yz2E4WAceuSVmkV6JxCYCBs3ajw9G9zDjlcqvTkwRsxcklAUa0gfPCrnvY1D08GQUsNS2dTwvWz09cYpFBWEjsYIpw1L6MY68LyUocrbtXwjYWRatB0Cq9eMzRBa8Z5d2seo45mC1qQFGtKTooThYB+MyKmL5KAebEauWofBx4jugHap9PhGip3gdcHzwBjAy1wui2D9euUhyiCuDBNcJICRJhiZpCcVzE9KnkmB2Kn6fU6KKScrneWLOnoBzaXDzldoLERhDR0kQQG5oDQBFEazfhOUj3G8epTE4F+WoxpvkRMQSRaI1X7WY6ezV+PaLhgs1p4t89W++iQc9u9wVtwfRWx8MJYR5iXB4cWGafUhHFBXuGammiYIsuVsnC9itsHMDJRYPFjbW2lzubGYbjDKerD8fcOMsFanC2h2ZSEqPThMqVcp5XMDxZhFMYsKcW+krNH8/OzsgpKKk5g1E8YNZixIfuVQvuVP90CTS0HNELaloSLk+MGgzpiKTJvVa2QVBqS1H4njp7dUL3+RAOy7QA9H0qco6XOb4fB4Yf9NABDAe9U1aKD/EgNxvGqaeboC/33VAWkaE11WEXWhorKipICKOOGkoriz4nr0owV2lsL7V+ePt9yEWYg1OkFazkMTo8lbHDKkwz3eoRL2hHiX9lXffQoYmij939HS08QQHvdldLrveAvP9DwYYWBuK9oTYFNo4nUkIMYEkWkvtB/T1VA40wW6KSVWfnri202S+X66oKsrBqMCoc5YrNj6Mr14RYrWn8GhdTgp1EmzoYrFo6GZiyUuhc122sarSc3NGB75qprCiotFdVomvILoNeI24M2jYUjvWkPkXRw7fZl98LrYIWNc+N4CcTTb7oYE2lKdCRtdW35NdUWfBVbEDw5v6YGDvPSDwPf/rcJSLTG0Fi0YrUSP06QX1C8q8lr3Tgl0TPlUTeshxLabPj9SzZkHb/8/aPKz8pHLnVYm6h0fV310APj/resgxxhJ8YtEuVOhKA1addhUFxQU2KxWYqLkYpwnMVwmC/89adLB0/KZHqd8TGwsJ5RgxXAJ1yTDJthRuUhgEMS0ve3fDL549eXL/906eve8d7evs7OMBAwRqMHcqDUUxI2bEqiKAUkC48KKJGDd0pqSiotxdQQ4Vfb3vvXr92MB25n511Ao/dH6cjC4wVErg9KuKHSht5/cnIvuq5eu3S/vBAEKBqEZGuhgOl6UQpIXL/GA9j6eTUChFsq0T+41CavjUxcvX7z7n73kmJ0esES9sGQJ8QmtoTphgf6QiihbfITJN/E+NWJkbs3j7XzyQ0TUEtfRVxGapAoBSTJBy8FXob7oIlU2LAF7r0/cjUvb2J8wY67v990kvN06m67xQLG+LjTzWQAbhIsAzXrjBU1BXuRfnnjIxN5eVf71969+0oAy5zpV95uDe6ESHQCGlIFktD8NrIChmSbrfLhNSgfvEZaEYH6A4lAOLaHowx5X72wgr1IAoUMeXT5+715veMT6P0/681NWL3k0H7hfo/JjadXky7SchbmcT2O8NYHSCz5+ZP3r+HhQQs5mOuf8O4hgqWSeEOgEzaYtyP1CHemw+/OYP63cdnqR3/+16vH4fXVF9+N7A6ctWvHksxNnntE3seiPzExRqz1wDAPH+W55//7j/e/Ok7HlzceH7h8eQIhUKvChOUYvNmX+lphhAjHvJuMncttSsvc1fPNbTw9331x/NWB3Pi5u6CV+/+8SkFelBwpUgExWpMZk5uJLFnbMdLz4sqdt/H4jv9tAKHeCIH6Y6kgIhCzlfuq6XMmz4I+c7YnVzz31kvx/QgSjvGut7cj0qZ/wtq0Fftf98qqn6kTqYAErclQe2yTr/l3h//u7dtXvrhy5ZYtO3fenthOQHOzoJG8y6oynq/xyZAnVEwWuJmJZ06+FR/on7ug582DW/B1rpXglRIylxzaKCxa4KxJIVrCNTEd5nZIDS5IqQlNWx0Y2H+uhwGUKf4XsQbT0vZ7HrMRQ/HNkMemw5wf9Z+7OijGNTe+59z2N+F1rpUSrmf9ZseS1RLP2iS2Xs4k1jMRQgZm/gyd/WAG654PViT4I4LywJaVAwM9Pd9QhHfg3GcSCIGalfaIUa3y+ZQgcV68aRvQccs/lzGCtn/u+7t3PxO/gHGMA+PnIqJmgnuCFHh1hEaJ9lgTh0/+LESuVpH7pho6ENowtxUBlA/29Pe/H8hTLzGB2vAG8ExqfK8wEj7ZWUiQJggBbZ7L9CcKUvKVf+BL9Me5mLO+bMV+dicwmduICNEKSBI4toa5CMpgBX/YgUjNiJ0XmAuv5fFuADUiUHfsctssSye9H8ulu493oT3FxqFPemXZLELQRlhhnuWO9MOI18BZmUt2bPRYwWB+sGgFxDVVSr/4f3vn85s2EsVx2dgMC8Y2YGNI+ZXUmCDaJEAglUqqNj+qrJG6SnaRKkX8AV1xaJVL/gCkKlIr5RLlkBOH9h/YS1WpUs899M/Zve6M54edBtOk2dXaK96ZGPKd8Xtv3ryZD68oDOgxOoF+nsEb4x04U1YZgDq++scWJlALkm819VJNFXs0LbeAlYAu1iFoMwR5rO7whiki16z3Nw85d0N5UQ6sgOUNukvpMFhJw5WDAK6/WGH/Uay+sssA1IgqignUHI7FhRkHYvAiFu0SZFH/Ke47NR81Y/HtemeVDcl2xx0fODE7TegKYeKuSzOrqQEQkJRR0oqKz28kaZvbft9crX9CDh6xazufPnbiXgA1TGngJCHJ4PRqKqmp4gCVyCp4K9lpjuO2hggEvv2pjp+/Ar9qd8UFQyNULkrcL76AmdXUAAhICnnpAm1akUmCd7Zlxre3ERwSgSE7nV2T2fsORvbF9k5GnrKiT/NNC5dYClm6H4pEx4RmOBK7zvPruy7bnYQSRNy03+HV3b2NALe3oVIyr0RU1t1ikLR6bxCvxzA82Wyaw882tD6y8bj/GNvk5OteGg3CjLMOTk0Vxna6KYW2mAA43hw6CHL8fPQ1HdfBQseBRmjlcH/89d3CrGpqEASs5ABqLANRdibIwNvCsb1TFBrNZnzowEPtfWiDwWA8ODwcQoN+a7s5GkHHJs26mCx6gE6/8Z4WWIdsCj1E7BIfl+C0TXP1/cpwYCPG8N5k0LzQYVq6owdYwMK6js9fRtgRwKxznPB468UqIa/asTNwjjO/8y9v6MfOkYMSgaYUZp055Euk5V9NuJ05uvhq8zKCPBZ/f9o0Y3DSTaB0j+3h6Oz47RucAgmlZIAFjNJLCZzeVLo+Q0Vqe2I/2tqzm6/cvg8Yqdn5B9anmumWZ/oIKq/gLle0XKZvmwxBDh1qbGiPEcdzsm9ekC+M0nm3ng9ki2/Cur9zt7AGFIvE0EzOdWVSTuAuHu2PXnnitSFq3pOW9NySw/h6YC11v8llxIpVaxR7yxxDmCbcWMPrf22adSdphv51v4+g4J9HF38q524hh3plBCFKWTvWYsAI19bys4e82kVNlqQer3pYXqIWWf5wSQ+1FRE8wYIe63QYX/wT/fWzb3IN6XnqZYuv1Fzcn5jy7H0mJ58/npqxAXIR/UM4Uj/lqrqnLCuTJhzM+Grfe/jr04ARrovtdvdg+ZmGOV5EQY9CXFlA7MFskk+iXoSUXvacXhIT5H3EjC8xbx2tX+m+ttrtQgNdrNAiGGcu5cl3Ru/Gk62TiX16lj5PyvC7FO8ttyp5HQjjq9b+xafT/D/0gSoQpaTh/KzKIv51snt5kVNn4dUFxIYUFqSk6OWx8imy5KPwbyBN/QI5LTvZCyXHUvCy07w+ts2zjPzhra7oAurhYmVJ5P9I/SZlkVWw7/UqATip5MRi0mifzDElEt+OOGuPBNkqjth877qML5WSY3WFTnL5ClKE9a+KikJ/lvG9JwdEQJCzsM/mFPIf8lf7xknNRhRIsVNrXP/qXe5OhYYn2VtnuVScVGgaRWTbWPz+bWdBEdBVg1QEo1fHHhc5VRqKqebXNKoGQVxzU/7YGRi4LCIfvHOdOy0CI6D7PnICeo8jU5ZnKRQcSR8De+uvbS36PsopuDKRpkCBNA3wAg3VaqkIQiUgTrhIlpZSps0uPRKhG2ss7tzAWEQAUkopTyNcl5UUnfgeYnloBPRwR7lyOSFkvRJxmWiiym6mY5nPjczDHYVZpSJdGgJeVSItw52uURA+AV3yrRgBvKQnIjCDMQwj6tw+BjMeGpmlmxFYXZEY+TYqiRkhEUnADMYwNEFH7cIZUaZZznovCcIoIGMvk5yPS2ZVTdOkLGFqks3ahFUFP2iUvUxcLJ+RDU0z5Ay+/460JXhh7yETkNK/lem3YuHchnLEf8gw/Tvj04zkZEqMIx5GATF/nvPbBUPCrvdudRet4yZ8EOTOGTz9Rvf2B09AUMtnsn4eXI5yBxVwO4vCjNM3g4yA5caN7qwOoIDgXqO4IE03o3C97Ow77RBLZZ/nS9X7axkQdgGBsHbHz/JV8A/YRs/v+YuVG147H0gBw2RhFFD8dx8ghlvAVvugdPDAUn1qKtZ9q7hzcAvxNKu0Uyo2fPrhEu3e4lqrHQmxgE+V37qi1p5ehxOOyi+rXO35LeZgZan0WuTv+qxk8oUnv4P0UZjzwFq3ZC1ZPoRrvtTOW7Wd/C0E1NtWKV/52SeRLncbjV6xvRxmHwgXoUk+7ScRD3j+doxITgRpLsn7Ph+kef5/HkTmUXgu4FzAuYBzAecCzgWcCzgXcC5g6AT8G/j3iMqj2JFsAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Radar chart (aka spider or star chart)

![Topographic
hillshading](data:image/png;base64,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)

Topographic hillshading

![Spine
Placement](data:image/png;base64,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)

Spine Placement

![Spines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Spines

![Dropped
spines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dropped spines

![Colorbar Tick
Labelling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Colorbar Tick Labelling

![Date Precision and
Epochs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Date Precision and Epochs

![Set default x-axis tick labels on the
top](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAt1BMVEVHcEzz8/OIiIiDg4Pm5uaLi4vr6+v////8/f2AgID5+/z1+Pr+/v89ir5BjMDv9fqSvduFtdZ0dHRup85joMvQ0NBHj8F5rtLp8vhqampNk8PY2Nhbm8jIyMiexN7h4eFiYmLj7vbA2eq41Oh7e3unyuJTl8awz+XI3u3P4u/d6vSGhoZUVFSnp6eWlpbp6emurq7BwcHw8PBCQkKcnJzU5fHZ6PLP3+m0tLS6urqgoKCkpKQUFBSYaLNyAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAB05JREFUeNrt3ftbokocBvAl0eFWuhglkYJGV7l4q8fq/P9/19G27Zx2vTDAMMPwfn+w7VlyfT7LC6O+4Y8fX0MwWefHzoELAAEIQAAKMcP048t88fm9OdcASDPu8ONL5H9+34kMQl7nAMyy872SWLUdv33ikyBpecRvtzuLwCBGsIyNt5ZDZvHmBoD7Rg0S19gAzt9dEumzKHVnib0FtFq2v3LXURrZ62gBwH1jrf/xyQZQt5dG5JFgvQztwN8AktWKuA6x55sbdw7AfaOFy3gD6K69DeCQRPNI7Sw6W8AkIfaaBMPglQQOAPfNLOxEfuisgu0eGAS60XbDt22EyXwZDyPXNYLAtTUA7j0GKiRddEzL81MtVZ2NlOcsNNXa/JXvEdUxSDDf3ACwwBrHwzKm0CgaAPFUjhDjLaQ4FZqJ/kq3np7S7GfONKbYXEn0IXdAa6h7dvZjueGlgUJx92kYUJwoOu47zXHxdTq0+e+B8YzYHZpdSqfYR4z23Kbw9pYxzWPxg+CNP+A60VyFxo9mB1zY4ZIiZV5AaI4n8XvHNbgDdkI7phBZhm8mzd0vdJNmhw2nFP8/jt1KLP5nYTOlOWSmqkq3+qDitlSqPWqhYhmDdSAANbrX5EyFanOF7ihP91gMRQTARUK3Ml5Tbf7mU23epjop+Ct+gIr6ezw7VbNPOkuoNtfnNJurrk+z9Vw/eucKK8Bw2v6cE71NM9MW1eb6lG5zusdydHO9xQqwZTbiLLGYMgNUGgHYOQEgAAEIQAACkGYe+wMAFpjb05EBwNzT7V89IsIF4nvV7+IYmH9Gp7c4iZQVXwDSzsPFZRfLmPLiC0CqGfSvnrGQLhRfE89Eco/W2xFfAGaP7/ndC54L55/J7vgCMHN87/FqTP4Z740vG0DTU6QCnJz9PPT2WOmApp7YqTyARu/s5uAGpQMq9qutbo4bmhSA4+vrJ1It4HYP3ADGeiTB+8I3Zz+PNW9KB1Td1B7KsQcaP4/Elwmgtp7GhhTHwKej8cUypmB8AXgwvpNMGwJw57zcnY8JAHPP/Wkva+8VgDtWYlnjC8B98R0QABaJL83vqQDwj/heXjxQ/QAAv80zVXwB+Ofcno5ofzUOgAXiC8Dv8f3eGgIgfXzz/BgAf0338uKRADD3POaKLwB/zyhffAH4Gd+/Sn8ApJkdpT8AZh9rtKc1BMBMs7v0B0CK+BZ897XRgFavWHybDjg42BoC4LGZFI5vowEPlv4AWE18Gwx4pPQHwMNjlBTfpgKOz7O0hvgB+r4lNGDG1hAvQC0+mX08vqmYgFqW0h9PwE403QI6r66QgOPr6zERGtBfqturlA5nQgKWG18mgIrr/brMq4ARNkqOLxNAy2nNNDFPIk/X52MiPCCxRF3G3J/1GFxbvzHrQKrSHwD/muydXQDujO9pj9FHYzQC0Ly8mLC67yYAvlCX/gD4/7k97VkEgAXi+8Dy/mUHfL7qDwgAC8R3xPhfkBqQdXxlB8xf+gPgdkbM4ys1YKHSHwCria/EgKPiraEmAxYu/TUcsFhnt/GAVnXxlRJwcH73TABYJL7VXjFJLkCrxNZQEwHHZZX+GgpYXumvkYBa9fGVCrDU0l8DASelt4YaBXj0Qp0APDjZrvRXH8C04gsw3vCKLyPA4fLjA2ur6geyKP1xBVST0Kuw4vtUdmeXO6CeBLPqKr43Zz2DyAU4nEVxVRFmVfrjfBJZdyo6iTyxKv01ZBnDrvTXCECWpb8mADIt/TUAUIj41hewitaQzIDPd/0BAWDuyXGhTgD+N11x4ltLwMcrceJbR8DbSkp/0gJWVfqTFfDxot8lAMw91baGpAMciBffWgFWWvqTD9ASMr71ARz0qy39yQZYeelPLkBOrSFpAAccSn8yAU4Ejm8NAMWOr/iA4/PrFwLA/PHl0dmVB5Bj6U8KwDHH0p8MgFxLf/UH5Fz6qz3gUz3iywbQab+bBQG5l/54Alqe155t/5C7H2jwL/1xjnBrWKTiK0Lpjyuglmx3wNwVX2FaQ9wAV9G7lzvCZq3iy+YYqDpOmvckIkrpr67LmHumV/qTHtAUqzVUO8BnwVpDdQMUqvRXP8B6xlccwOerfpcAMDfgtvRnATAvYFfM1lBtAB/rG18hAEeidXbrBVjv+PIHFLX0VxNAcUt/9QCs8kKdMgI+CN4aEhywjE/nbjKg4KU/4QEnZ1LElxeg+KU/sQHH0sSXD+CkJq0hQQGN3tk9IQDMC8jrQp2yAN7IFd+qAetT+hMTkPeV/uoOKGF8qwQ0atcaEguQyadzSwqorFZ/VXzrVvrjCrh6W62+A5qyxpcNYOj7ISFxK/p6vaV3PiAAzH4VX8/TNycNU//aA7sGAWB2wLltzw++GgPAI2dh3ycALAKoWQBk9moMAAFYGaC+0JowaosV4EmoN2HChBUg0ZoxlsUKEANAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhADACrBfwXVY92Sah5US8AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Set default x-axis tick labels on the top

![Artist
tests](data:image/png;base64,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)

Artist tests

![Group barchart with
units](data:image/png;base64,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)

Group barchart with units

![Evans
test](data:image/png;base64,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)

Evans test

![Interactive Adjustment of Colormap
Range](data:image/png;base64,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)

Interactive Adjustment of Colormap Range

![Annotated
Cursor](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAzFBMVEVHcEyioqL6+vr9/v7Nzc38/Pzr6+v///+ZmZm7u7v///74+/1cnMlgn8rz+Pvl7/eTk5SHttd4rdJmosy00eb4+Phrpc6MjIx7fHyAstXH3exxqdC+2OlXmcaNutmDg4TU5fHg7PXv7+/O4e+lyOHq8virzOP19fXt9PqwsLCawt1sbGzZ2dmUvtvf4ODU1NSqqqvk5OSbm5t0dHTa6fO1tbWgxd/Hx8fBwcHKyspYcoSmpqWdnJzp6emgn55GZXpGRkZZW12enp6fvNEffYMVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACwJJREFUeNrtnQlbqk4XwP8y6sFywQXBFcUKDRLNTM3sdu/7/b/TC96tui6gs8t56skFlX6embPO8N9/fwQSiSr/7ZSESwIwAZgATAAmkgBMACYAE4CJJAATgAnABGAiCcAEYAIwAZgIvwCz9r+POZvsxvlzgAfgZb8cofx9WVoB8O1LBagbljX+eQuUgISyveUb71ZaQXpISlkaoKQ322fCX7T9ybnmJDgQgmOWU1Vf2aD/ev7CAI4COlMVVM/VJuY6a87SOXcUPD7buNrKsOzF7HX5OJ+PfNOydM10bdgYvoZgNPHdyUzdWMY4lXufrKdvs9TUNVMXB1CbA2xMsFaurhnTSWpjvj6GOjYbf3fskTsyp8rqXUXaws0ac9NxpwDr90Bl59/N0cwx5+5SMT0TwudmOdeZKZcGcG4hZ2zq7soCZ+6qE9t8m8MWoAlaylybG7R4N3RtGdydWEoI8PE9mBRHP8B2M6bnz0aWNwsBKubcAFO/NICKZlpjzXJ9DUaWMTVni/kyBGhMDciZ7nI5+7GY5NbrtIFSnmZ938DY8IwM5EaAHmfa2DLTWtacvI7VmTrWwLg4gIHFDf5nB6EMKIElzTiAUPhoJngAnAwKng4e0MPnEaTXs8DUoPBne5SzfXUmeBXa3glucTwHjtWRo61tYCjpyVRgP9CxLc9dO2CnmYnv+zQ/boN5CC/WGXsygk3u+yR3AbJ8sfACTH/PZefGIrj1cncJoRrqaHgB2r7neNugwaxeAsBmZ03KCmv50gUALP+PGMC38o38/IqFcYoUwNdmHUkPsF2xiQFU9WpfeoCNNkGAVw/PsvMbFopZcgAzPdnHMGo3YEMOoIKqT5JrYKVNEqAO9/dy87stFMkCfKrKPYZrZSALENV7UgNsNQkDhJuuzPxKhWvSALcfIa3chepBFuBWyaWV+oA8wLuyvPz61Qx5gKGhl1XuH4A8wNDVlDUM+RkmkAbYrsgK8FegShpgsTCUFGD3Z7qTNEAo1+Tkd10o0QHYbMkJ8Pf/RRzgdUHOtGqjRgkgyJlWHf6e28kDlDMlU2sALYBypmT+xKjkAUqZkvmbJaEAUMaUzPMD0AMoYTiHqj2KAJF84dyHeiMNDSwWbuUM40gAtJceeAv0CSCUJet0+x3GkQA4XVq+oeYA6dpfgIO6XAA/zknYh7CtLUcbFcaPs7+t3BnJKuwfrSJ2DZz5U2M0+TyEP1h9uZxA/ACvPHWkL9fOF4ByuYKfIgMaVlgyV/CDE0gNoFSu4OemM0oaKJMr+Ll1mRLAj66n4FLM37IA2JMmK/gnE0gXINr2QcggX7pVaAGUpsmj/8UjowZwmJejQPzwpeuWGsA/ZSx58giUAQ6k6Nn/x6GlB/CzAy9DHoEyQCmKS/8G9RQBytAreP9PWokiQAnMyI4+FZoAm8Inptv/dkrRBCj+0q8dWTmaAIU3I7vywlQBDvNim5H7HZUJqgAFNyM7Wx3pAhQ7GtmZVqcLUOxoZOeyK7oAhU5qPe0sLVIGKHJSq7uzV5kyQIFrI19qIawAPglbYv9SC2EFUNgFsKg64AOgqCX2fR4YdYCiLryp7IkBqAOEZyED4tK+ZCZugMhByLYPAbwV0pN52LcFDm6AWXOZnuXCW4/79hoWseG3WChRAgjLuWeldLA9Y9924b1qRjiAe3wYIgBHCFkebOamEiumFNKHwQ/wyrHMpfYajt7XvduFt0VbQowOZJGwGxFFyegHrXDoyYiW2q/sz2PSd2MCuREsJ9M/EH8yATjMi9Wv2j2wZpwJwP1eFZdyMAfHBmBJqOrSwdiJDUChqkuHo3dGAEVqma4dzB8xAiiQM33AiWYJUJz9eI509LACeOR75UhabS4BHplZ+JFjqQ9mAEXJTFeO+AvMAAoSz/WPVRHZASwKccGWoxdFYQdwZ7MYb3I8ZGIIUIQ2j+NBO0OAAqQUIhTAWALkP6UQYZZhCRDKnO/NGCVvyRRgn3MVjNIDwBQg8H3ltEiOFluAfKtgJFefLUBo3PCsgH3+Afbz/PZbPkeKNRkDhMYdvwpYEgEgv7NgNAVkDpBbQxw118EcIK8qGFEB2QPkNBwZRk22sQdY4jIp8xA114YboJ62wZ/GAQhdDvOC0fuQse/ia83TmrEBlIkM8JbDVqNu5Ewb9iG8yK2nkxWM1VnkRt577vr2Y1g27A2Wo/VornlxhnDEmImmxIgwcQN0VG26nqNYAOGmwRe/XowFfdg1MLYVhrBGzNc67EqM3jH2bkwofLWdN+O0jnEBEKE6R81aqBrnZPjQQBhwtPimFms4cAIQKtyktYr5JxEB8pNTuI/Xs8MLQG4CulLnVkyAQ0686bhVGm4Awh0XHZeDuJti8AMwU+XAlUH1uJed4Adg/C+fuQvDGUAOisQnTMQ8AbztsE4MnuAK8ASQeVamd4IzyhXAa7Z2JL4F4Q0gYztykiPFF0AoM+z6ve2UxAc47LDbTqFykhPAGUCoMdtltV29lgEgs7xWMX9aWYE7gKUOmwVM5ROzQdwBhDsm9ZHmqfafP4CoVWMxgE9dvswfQCaDuHxycwSHABkM4ubpDjyPAFGLclpmmD+9sM8jwCAmoOtON86If7gEeKpTe6Kc5bzzCRCVKdboSp1zylkkACpO5kyAUCxQS2yh+lluEwGAuvmWPRcg9Khlpx/Oy+KSAGhpU3DGezehjSY3LTpZheaZLREkhjBaqDCdmOcBhAqV1GCpc2ZrIgkNTBk+HNqENmp0RWEavK6fm/whoYGOfq4V/jUNkg/pumfv/sOnG/PLPyPuDWL4BJ4BQpdwmROHjnMNELWIrqO77WCYZbkGGET5bXL8rqs4qgd8A4R+h9wCiAaWBVKcA4QmMVP8UEGXABBqhK6LfVPF877cA4TnOgFnBrVxrVLmHyB0K/ij4mYHV0e2AACh0cBNcIDPNokAEFUwb7fa6+Dbg1kEgJDBSxAnPzEAwjVOgr0OzjSPGAADgtjmwUEH6x7qggAE1Kjg8WbaePkJAxBQt47Dc6vhLjkLAzDwqDFsHn9fwB0ZCgQw0J4zR991o4U9LhQJYDD/n5WAKlXL+GMaoQCGCE43Jc0Oie5hsQDCdffUqyKi+zyRS8AIBjCcCE/So369QmaTOOEAQqnVim+N7zqk+obFAxjSuIm3SUqvXiFWYhYRIJQqcVYlDrt5gm3rQgIMd2dqRczoFZ/zDyR3VBEUIKBaoRLBqg6f82WyDSKiAgw8mlq1XjusW0/dfJn0ZiriAgy0sFkpdAf7POvSXb36TL5LkwRA26MDMJDbm3qhXOt/NcrDwX3w+IBGiyYBgI6h5YI/Gg2AoabVyvVq5eGuPXjql/q9Zu05uN96HlDq89+8YQc4Vm0t3IRW3SmWpsYQw3o8dsjj65tqvHz79u3l5WX7++3F0l7fXo+/OZZT0SbYAW6MlQpIQcpOeZwqMWQxykQ5LHO1FUf7+TcT6UXKj3GcU0lPdr8r4J8Dc9pm/5OeE2eAZKcxDr5CfqzRF/NUxqeM8DOscCKkAE68GAf7r4voB6fVOArrP67inLad0vkA6M+WscawGfm8HWuhxbGfMd463GHctdkDzGna3LLUiEePNS0Fy1Fkby5rKEacKTM3j3H0ynJ99gAVXdd97S3qlx4cnXPTkQEqhrqOcTJz14/hadtp1+NjCF85cYzfeBUdYPBPxlgddTVe+bFClSziA2DgbSRWOJEEYAIwAZgATCQBmABMACYAE0kAJgATgAnARBKACUDOAf4fpVvYYccCligAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Annotated Cursor

![Rectangle and ellipse
selectors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rectangle and ellipse selectors

![Span
Selector](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABVlBMVEVHcEzNzc36+vr+/v+xsbHY2Ni7u7v///+ZmZn8/Pwfd7SioqLs7OwXcrIbdbMkerYofbhfnspXmcc5h71PlMQxgro1hbwtgLlkocv9/f5up89ppM3t9flKkcNTl8aEtNY/i79am8g8ib5+sdSJt9h0q9FGj8Hr8/iOutkRb7Dw9vqWlpb6/P7k7vb3+vzJ3u2lyeHn8fe71uiIiIivz+Xg7fXz+PtDjcB5rtLA2eqhxuCqzOP4+Pi00uaSvdvR4/CRkZHm5ubd6vTV5fHF3OyZwd3N4e+FhYWcnJx4eHidw96NjY1zc3Pu7u7Y6PKWv9z09PSqqqrAwMCAgIDb29vX19fj4+O4uLi0tLTx8fF8fH3f39+np6eurq7ExMSfn5/MzMxBjL/IyMjS0tLR0NBtbW3q6uppaWlgYGDLy8vT09NWVlbV1dVGi7s8PDw3a4+Wpa5khp5zMb6BAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmWtX4kwSgIcEKAgm3MJdEC+AEEUQBQTUwKghQxwDQUFAcJCrcmZ2//+X7aCzs+fdNeCu47Dn0Agknarq5OmqrqL99OmfDZZt3vbpP7YllyXAJcAlwCXAZVsCXAJcAlwCXLYlwCXAJcAlwGVbAlwCXAJcAly23wTwdoD/pad6KX9eV/DXlR5zykZv8lNDKwoiK02Fi5jq1/Hk8ueR5nL24yiO+TsArow4KQfyC3D0ziFq7Fg+H9YZmRKOAwagf4GZc4Hehb755rQDY0WtVi/rykLTy4Dr0Un5Tu5iuqDXY/oX9XIPf5bC0GcO2jrAUDem76rRuet5RnIvtnKVZ4tIF+4H00ORySVUsm1Zib0FFxpLfr8ITsdB8mxb/7EA8w1s1OmXy1LxRkrcsFIXgOnVJV33e+m7DgcDzxf7varA53U5taootZucVAUQUAfjutN+Z4WnB0a40/R5NbJVauRbvHDTFkZ1ADX/9CBJY6ZRReotcI2GmoSgBWg3ire6Rr1r0HBSXisY2Kc2uMoNhLw6LNak0i3T6OeLg4bwqBaECQJfbUhcDibfDQlBuOlJ3ADy30sTnr8pCvwNwB3fn0hcl2k060he1xeqHwpw8MQZWkz+qTVS99uXw7qIANaeWk/3/IqA5prTltkem3ioMZzY0QplkS9JJYD+9V1Rwpkury/XNQ1RqDdWeOQkdaFV0moN/IBVIxcWG6phM1eT2MRjDemwqgp7O8SgI1XbI8OoYuBZnhFWsFoHue24M8pBT8g9GUaGRm5Y5TrlpqQrdxmAkmp4yWngVoBEpdbq6/otwARXottlpbaWBbEvSu3pOEzRUOXYWqXzsR7IY1BW50ddlfgg1G7YBAJYH3XvB8KlgC6XHrStZonTaBnuMlEZ6BJ8a4xmvV9VFyVR6gp4Wa2RMKHOYAhgiy3pmF63yN8yd5DrY40xL9YTRS6h0T4DZFAniNphqz+eVDp8edzsi3itiO5iqB2JoCpho8p9j9f3q1zx7kYqtq9ZpHfPQ+lxCnDS7vTrYxTSfZxTqViuW5EBYlybx+pcsSRDZ1Qq5mM9ED1avYZ3pOIk0RgzEopEw6QsMSsJjGNx6Fy36zfFRxQ7NX7YLUp3mgb3iByTFwZlflhl2Pt+ryS0HgwYstPl+bvWdU9dEYZoDWvxo+uSiEKtWOX7CIRWmEgCCm2txOVL0p1K/dBIoKgzNIdtEKWEgKK0CPVGacBwT002zwuqu3HVgG7nseTqVEEvGXTVcf0eKSGopQdBaHLTcC1LT+NSbsI3Oq2RoCo/PrY+FKC85strsZiT/3IogsGFy4d6wEX5GHchkRxaqEUXLl/Oibi85k87UA4HEfkU4K7pei9iuKwA4jRrIAX0ncPwy1pD+3wum9ffoou3SHI6mjwoShwu2Sou34cIvbIg6kGfmw4u34JeviUkosdflORxkRZ3L6ecqrqfR4OjcXT1nzq/DyDWKg4+vN4S1ZW3iPfK+fkEJ1OWzfLk5bz5xkf7bwDqV9RluFR9YOv1VL3J41s0HiY9ZYM/Lz9MD3qTh19D/aXl3z+EL9kBDLRCTftBrf7jxztb/PH3v80rWta9O8DcUCfPSvHDwteVsh28r8V189wGbw3vH8KaifxbR5f7KIDJb+Eg/p4Go7712NwlhuF3ZeH/BWDk0PUW6Q2SfmeAvsz/N0CzLfQG6VU7Sc8GHt2c22aUpr8sIMCz7NxIgsa3AIzbSHoOP3V8nRugN3i1gAC/WNDHaWQ+gLtzRq/sebsOynE8s5pftRYALk7mWlS937YXEGA2FUX57WIugERhvtt3F+Aksmuiwu5ZkrHjbwU4dXrmAhjc2Fo0gPooZK1vAPh5zsXyFCyFQyNBzgS49iV4CFezQT+ndfvaogHMbsb91oMQmOcB6ApSe3MWbHvguygggDM9a+0quAsn4fk80O9Io6X16yIBvFr/TNp9F2A+m2f3IUWdwdnpHKR9R0AffSYIcn2W6OZWqhDZDjuf85ny/CQ3TAGA47VFAnhu3qMcvj1YP4Kdk+gM1SMTtQ/p89lj7NDHkDo4JQiKnrXLnt78dpxeewF4olylJK1GFOoHm+C62FkcgPuUyXsmA1ylV2c9bJjKJjfnSJg7wQPwZ/YdBJWaNSnpgD+bcofNzwCV6mTXWchOoFDPBiDijCwOwAPS5D8CSzZ7GIwr1WCZKGySVCCQ3phdykT9MdjIxLwEhSpvl+K8BDzWjI0Om7PyGrKt5IFJy6GdRJ4a80DEvLo4AGOkw74Pli3LqfVQsQaLQ5qknE53eHa+iVrPXda1NSdF2C+gEFAseMz2E5OVdHrklW1LCeAuXbDJa2rGDKuW0MIAdJ6TdtMx+Dzreyal9Jak4+AmqXUfHb5yxWcEZtK+tbNB2L84CMsxfFZMJG6LfctqpJxpOQ+vKa2vhRQCaIkdZ9Zh1bdAALdJP5UFX5DeJ04VAa6ChzJaCIfZFA+cztpGcCetpGPXQzm3zy58r/8gdmUtPtumhTJ6POvJ9J5bAWDy3HZgI9Y9JxkfhLzxPwGwWv13gF+CTspLxoB20AeKRV6E3o+k3TaasJ0YC+4ZURzymUNW0hbyUG6z88wbVXBVK+1wBwiTx2xZtXlpBYB7BGUiTBbf9jkNoeCfAIjXePmr+Avg/hrEwpTRR2bAS3pjxJHS1orXdry55k9RqQx16p5RNcadzjMraU+6qYDZfZRKvpqtI1Z7kAhmjA6PxRexO7wKAE+NFEHZaevmiRdC/t0/4YHyvx/z6gb2K359ECMJo5lciwdJOuPYl2uFV9wlFEQAt7xWMnZGnrll1Eev55zdQMBmJaw7bjJtcR9bX605MrENm5/0fTXaPV5fxGZKKWy2XBhNBLVBGwNbKQhZ/wjAPC+CqClh/7IPEz8njSYP4djyGs1X37ajEHW+cmtxv/04fbJuDe+fho89CDXQr+8OH7oLfofRj7LOJh04cLy64m//g1kzaVIduaJw2IQj46VDykwNKZGJ5gGJx1DIDBJY8Jqpw0QYNo72xpvywv//JzhVUBSDeLvqrl0VUUWIj3vvuedkhr5BJa+NfTO2Owbyf7JjDqgmy66NIsftDvXxHwHw33/7020L7y3NlLEeQTmMdR4qwmf0yZNH6/nqPN+abpq1zBkvBaSfAFxxkBsoBpHkTNkLfjqwwsDHQhgm+iuZ2gFE9CcACyeS5KlJo1ztD/XVHwHwQYX3savI1A+gFLzGzOGwBH3lyaONKZ1FMz6VClAuzHI15H4dwObkVIEgpFgDEVqofPs8RHSYjzAizSSIsRLLyPgJwCwRe3zsaIzT/gCP14OvAPDV12Q1dmAa+YTEARQVqD0DqOsRmUextAFlQsog1tyX2uZtiD16y8DCxQqIZjtsHp+HiIGnQmSYlffjJJYhepKXjsU7lAtHkq2jklt+24a9ffAVALp+LBMt9C1OmSIvUAYmce023eivDENPstwSALOQjMJUrQW4Ur4BsJaYqG6DgTw7QPOIn4aIgUVlpFdBgjY3XRnCOoCTDkiYAHgMkRwP5okRL3W4moVfAODRV120thNlaWobD85QCSZ+LcCDt8QIDopcEwCL3J4nLq1t4ZXdFYKZ5uDFilcgyFaQLOjTrTFXDRmplQdRMqLKUKqjso1AwkEz2Sa6ZAnhQVqG4GGffAGAC0opHitbb6VwoMgjNAIdtazTzB3dYRkue4UtAIof56FN1TqAB02sQUUagpGltQXAMfIW7tOtMcdYxq9VGu1tFPoEYEJAYoKxPFv4VZZwRHaJ4Pr4FQAmhmHgsTcjPdsEnlRiXvRVK6/bYv0BlpEQaDvdgCWUZo6p0zqA61ioyDzdgtVWABwdehi5WgYe47tNNRgjiGQcV2EDO9gGglJdVprwocvBSppvfUk829bw5hAuky8AsNAMA6GeN+dDzQRKfKAo7FPfBKvOI8ANMnLxsjIdgwOS9kFeD3Dpij9apC8n8/x2MofICDgPg0GpTAeTIMRaBbDT17DxBCDbpSboyaOtLyobzHS+h3AXfoEZKHZ7Hb62SRm1KoAh2KdJRxczPShqAEJaeRRvLjQRScc8NPR9ba+32qNQDFPQ8qqvoW3ImL8A5eFOi3kGiA37reSbGlTFOlULcJB64tnKWawuRXmr0QLKG+cLAGzEsir8L1n2+rEHlETMrqRlIALyB4ADt4DV4R0gAmAPp0m+xUadcR0YrZ2Xx+INOmTylk1LONoD66HhWOXamHC3uvdGrWnJr/UAw6hI7a6bjiZ7W/w6cnPHkIvA+QIz8AW9ogEgor1yBXiLCuAQSwREdwDb2UbNkF8BNEUpDY3UiTYWqjOuOzwsfHMkuvfbrnk6R8HBEUwfyDBRQS0FI5++RamgoUkxqgXosDK1JgIgGFZqVMZOoMpF/hUACsUQAE0BcB4D7wg2UtLDkgdYdldWvKCl7lYAWVlVoJSzTiDX2IZ1iMclvD5cabo4SRrqI8C8+gKpbuXOCYUtaUi6EbD+SXpyPpf0QE3PN1AyLSS+lLGvAHCi2ngHHOG01k411XdSIuZbDUBW6kyNq88TnQByNsmlGh1MqLGaSdcnSV0XH8O+/iDtnFWC6qqseQGoYBj1W7PLha5tdj41mVViLZ8BFkoix7DkdQD7nd8ZoE8EwG8XWeyTcIxkD/A7gDs+wnRqvQMcI+jxfp7WjHGHGuvQj5s3FTgLOjrb3MXSpiJw65abgzNARSLYcKODfnHO4QkZM48ylsz37GJDFul28cLZBjSDD5PYn4tvrcx/5xZ2ubG83is2jGNoAm5O7gBuIdK0CmCQVRWIbf4tT2tqINBxwSIL3AAc5T3Xpnepqum2Qa5rcQDOcuBJJqbUHsCLb3FOAE0SKtM0f78auDMHaD7am5YJutOPRKE1HQqBURqfCrBxD3DK9FuABLlYGXN4k2kNR57pqts3gNVxUmNPLbMRpAE4zB8BjvJEuQWYRUvNpne7JZtOC061OHwHSCSOXZUydIHinGqOkGBAUJCfL3otTeDPyy3xbaHcHyaxY43F4q5OPhFg8z+//uUOYJzTG4AD29/6BmfoBqAzVbhHlvHFThSxT4CTBoVm3q2LhIqG3Zu3ADcsI9o9wIikmqJyOwRnPTVhoMW+LNOL8QtONaco+ZKYm273/esE01GWKMa0C+yPCuxMSQRenOYnAvzlx7++g7//8uMjke5q+3h9A1B0VEFtfhtAOb5tEr6efgDUhHtw0vzhTlBuUGPrjNgtwDWb5Q8AmQNtUZZhAM4rMddnpebLcFrcAdQUdiDXgtW0yiKIodrpapvGtg021X9M9JQ1ty+fOQN/+/6/H+C3v/7jGuDAvlSgLda6nR+Cvq9q6DqAajLfMnm4fr1oa6G8zEEosSS9O/LNoa7bTuHcAlwxJ9H0VrMx+FDnLh8l3FbAJgOt09LDX/elpsrQugDM36xO1yJ8zG9WJjvb8Kmst49y0dV3IKqko6On0dwefSbAP3//9b+3kX43avMLwL1ohyVNwORVGOTrc9+BrL+SoFiql4+/qRxBiLmT2tc7xEpYM4OmYb99C3AcmaOpMXZa9qo5Pxfii9GaEO96UjCzHGm6jGw+O/dh9GZ1OjYxe+zGNnrZTrGw3nPSrEl3IM/Fk7UEwARln3sq98/7c+Hm6S7uxwzDC6EsMUTXCV4hY0r6zQP/dgMw0c0ota5ilmUEuIT99HZnbvq4zdw1xWvS9lYT/8zMxB0B8FqZSdYYjqroQTI61evLVlRZnfbu/8yc24/qyBGHpUVaKy11t2/tNja+3zDiZmuMuQTQckuWKPAQKdpIkbJIR8lL/v/nlM3MZgbwnKezHF5pGfqzq+pX1VWWJCmJPhQu9Nk6lpm/M9JlCwAGtrPrJzw1nHT2+8qY+0SCghiMVUTfHTi0clMRpZr2bwCrMLvyTR1bNYLOuYrvI9A/GJXopm6wYL3ISjR6AIDrifsKMGa9oWe/P0I14DczkVCdKHNHaM+sfFrZbTeaesok+BDuzd1WkTQLMuluokAmYOnlIOHYnKajZwMkcwAoI/S+BPrilEj6WMurAZamjewR+Lt+4LZqzyjoGMXu8PY8dOLoQ43uvMzevT2B7VKb9OUPQxC9fqUwCTUQopEwsbQ8WhVbwTHDsdZ3Xj4C3HBTkT1C2dwFgLEUDzKOdQMfngzwhBaV034DeN3fIozxR4CjCmDXNkAzLuCbhJZ1kmqBlkPqbUfg4DJ0zJaCZt5Azd8AQqSatNW7IQh4AsUpQpAST2wtN86LsxDo3dztHz7IgtW2ECNFtwiiqwqgL1sJ5JeS8c53PwvgEkKziUjtSzrT2sONV1aq3wM8rLtEMxz4JhFrgMsLZBPIjm+qz1k8WY5bPvUuA/Vl8tpCN3H9oWDZ9wCxGADASOioADDsdjtTrzuybi7ZFjZioBgarAwqgNyKk0LEsuFtngxwg3KhbYNvqaNZZtUhc763bvTe+rWjGWtdT2pVAPvrtrDw+wDQuwNogUzpX0TMCms80a4AO5Y7Eay7vreEK2JIqt7+rDJhhepGZK+29t3A2ICHSkABoFEBpL6bbESsmtv2swHSmdCSp4gs3wHcz9WbKYR+8rpam7teWyhomUH2PNYmMqaSdbPbTIWr9EuFsE15fAOYqW5PuM1jACDrstCS4X4VJcsNEXmeaZ039w2GPW2lhAgASgAwAPGUnUQcv29LeRJAEZyf5yBcAxzENajuQk0fNpn2NG3M7D4YvjuQe8KeJTYR9VvHltgVQNnEAHDfY4XQ6VXdplpHsM17gGcWgjrShZPPc4MiT5bcff/+XLkfH5U9ACS2shamGPFsS0mpZ88GWHDQAVKI8LhyJoWfFJmQaUs7nT5cPlcWCPzTQSw3aiKs+ECl3LgDeD0bOaf85J4nAHC/ENoHfQyZbHRvwkctlIJUAkkv5gYhti1rD9t+7bGyoIiiGJL5CBMx2xJD95KnA4TESJC6lESVwtiwpLuozNpOH/dRzNwXHA+zfGqsywxSk40q8ug2MnSk2hEca4AHsRC6c6FQKnby3VWH4x1b7hzIEA+MLk1MVNXmDzv3py9KDiGbuvwKcLAmjqT2ng1wUDUR6CtKzCrxPfFBuG/P0UhOH9fPZ+USx4XlrKKRPxCm/tpibHoLsHcFOMd07q88VAjhMVvjCqD3oCK74SdhmkKOLNIXHQDGFn04TDostJFGuKiJh+psj0p7FNr+8OkAq3PDGiACZFtxE9K5gtYeftz4uItzfDkx6TidsYFgSqNY0QL51l0tr2IIE87PMhqNwukFQkWVvD04VNmwkzBjqpAjtACA8SUmLw33eutizhhIP8h/EAnRSlWeD7DqjNHPlNjVlOCa5nqq+2Qrh4+bdHdWTvw1jxfTJd+spGhWusodwLeMrjoC9nxxcYmk+FJf0Ns/BihIJSzHC5Dlru/ixxOzmVbImPmMnAWdMIIUfF6N288GmLkQPMwjRW4F8CCahMgMQmxDK+XImiExYnwZLDik98HSjX2nGSAVCRHnzLMjVj/R8oPwUGjwD5xYOEMgA4AaU3DeADA7US3WsN83g5gggve//6nc/b8qQaZlB0R5NWY5ojoiFn0RmgAeVHBVYkx3wVwcxV449i3XaZgKeQE7g4+4YnbcvU7uPwRYjV9P5LWj4DnIcs4ZmTUBTKimutgfRhu70tTHbw3wh3//4WsAk3hQF7VUis3eZEclSnxtVPdzPPqs7R3n1BMPwZ4eXWnFrGMjwCW5Agy5pcyl+gm0H5hwUSXLfb807fToEUopR7tmgIpnYaVnbGwGAOffGuDf/1O/J+nPnwGsB1jWYJkY7KLL4M5WA6ZSA8CtPGIMR8rJ6aKLos9TKXPDBoB5DZAgl7l8nNdlJ+fBszWo6l39kphBOlVE4MLp4+7CTMk6oibZWEuMwlOoK31TgP/48uW/rX9+EYS//vqnH5qXddSkBrijSNIx8i3YMoi1ptfdbL2DwvDeLBzQYMxcpEZShvInAInmkotGP3n5y6AEGxhqaRjikjCfENbQ35opSUeZziWsDYxM8rkXfFOAP/3yy4/tf/0K1/3xb58BtKvziXU8ErmtEmL5GidOM8CTtPYVvOy0nahri8YyDRN32bB2BvwokQOi/tZj8NgLZ9VRg7bvYsieXUIUbdMEsBe0BCNlhdmTfE1yxt/ahH/6+S9//IoJd+RKXhTRmmuxQpDNHLfq+24EqG/dpQu6w1FfVBLl6bzjNg1w7CqAKAiUgJBPXuWR1UNcLX3RRZxoMSGXhitmfla1bQYpCsyh7vpmuPgOonByLbL3N1wDhYUk2rX48dqS9bD2YJ7cbAvbcCCLS6czqajD+GPJA/xEunF0UNT5Z164zmel5YpRbQlWEDfMFVYAKy8SY+4Jpusa3e8B4CQcvqox3RcRMSmo+2UjwNbG3JT1NkKxI6fT/lBoBnigROTixjEXmHwyaZdcO7vGJ8enfmvGkWp3PgMoHDGRBcMto3z0HQD8/7/b2oiwFT3ayq75Cey8FK8VLz6R6oJDFjcN1ayRbYocAC4xOXwWxl55Bb4YtYcKk73JVwBiCZKn1W1p7LkAk7JQETZOdOwxuLFm40vnCqve70rrm3XBoXmQd0vnC5EVoZETevosjL1WVKYx3wpD17WlfoOzvJKeY2L8r727fWoTCQMAPgXCQy653lmjlk5qta1NKppr3b5aTsGeA5XmSigmEEjikJQ2ufz/nw9Ta+tNhSVnYhyf/eA4484afu4LLsvzwJNicWumAIt3N6PFcm3v92dzW9EFPT83QsHm1x2k/Xkoj067nUxhP9s+eVvcXlp8/nDt9c3F0vm/eX31BHB3e+lv2CisFM45C72xx54ALv40aM/lAq7fKhUWf3lVWthKOAf6dHk0wA5WNoq3R4CFGJztpfnN8qu3N1diYpacbH6NuuxzYOcKawnx37Z/XX0wg4Cr68svf7tXub+bEJ+ltDpadbYfbcDozZfSckw4je2F+5vlB08X4gIjfAd8sRb9LW6/SQrPcfD4SWX2ADeeiauP5vY2VpICdJRufd3sK4jwYefbA5DzAVee7twrLsR0UqiUz3DcSYz+tv/451UuPQDj7TvRFLSYFBCq8mE0wt4ss7A/Osmy/CIGcPFlBFiZKwF1KW8l1dhZ2p1NwLVoZhHndumu89lqdKf8RxLgk8VHpQ8PgT7lQjQUEiNgnvfS4aUDjg7eVihDpv45d/qPRBzgfARYhostlcqMApbTXOnWt9vYyvZGHODd4s4OTKdcOuD+wxSf9jVV/MQ39wvr5WsDuLeb4tP+RQc4X1g/OLgugKlKiSqw5dt7hVLlxdUFzAfhpAApS3KEwpkGHDqaDCyjmMxJEVmGsmSBtiYTUzO7ebeU/aFmlrZNVqSteXpJWbVzoYAqx/FQV7LgCU1JOCmaJlAW5R1tTSGupvT9dx/XVGjb1AhtTaOpf/vI3IUCut3uYab5n3RubZ52PKjUyZ5EJSZ6Psv++MOOStso36atadPmBBpnCFsSd/a+OE+dBUb2qOce6sRk4FFPxiF1xj2zPkFALBcNaCmUHYv1a5RNso5E2wWHOk+bK8MTKGuaim9OD9AlPYWSJUNoAfN9hXa0teOeUJ+p2WlS/k8efvLl6QGGimzQXiytCsgCbQ9kLY3yYjntC+V6I1Z9Z3qAjJKw1H8vjS+0LE1CW7PHEcrhVh28r1IOKsc4muIcaGaoJ6Eh7YJtD2lvTsKBST/b0PaJQ1yFr9IqjIAIiIAIiIAImBJQzVyPkp8UIGlx16HkhEkBCtdjjLpX6qHSDJYQAREQAREQARFwFgBlW4zun8OoUQYBxwBkBaMGNiGhOtpX1hEwJaBJGAKtPs/ljC6EFu2jHAQ8HcGaTdyGU6spX3zIBxoCpp0D20aXd/WODFYdhzCuwgiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgNMCPD4GJTNgygg4FmBN40ElhpojGQQcazfGJcC1HQt8HkzbwM2E1IB5wjgW1z7SmbM51hGQbghzmtVQDUX9LOGG6niLiAxZyLLAmLilj7cxCIiACIiACIiACIiACIiA0wK0SA9cSTdrRh0BxwCUNY9Ao1HzhZ4OjCshYOrdGHl0uEjyVQm8zrssAqY83tYxarxNiKeQAHdjxpkDmTrrQr4KpoqLCK7CCIiACIiACIiACIiACIiA09pMGERk5iBb7bkIOA5gRxJYVpL8QcvAB+tpAW2eDwgQ0ySgnQShfY+7MSkA60EwJENSzZOh4X2sA7AM9sC0Q/hQGdh2V/EahsPiEMZVGAEREAEREAEREAEREAERcEqAx7Ec2eiLiK96jQXIaT6Arzmgj0Ln48mENIDhcGhr4vFuDEMCQQLwcng2Jg3gsNWySF4zXRIaQvMfF+RQwVe9Ug7htmYdDnmtDWoN58CxFhH29AsC4m0MAiIgAiIgAiLgFQa8Lq85dCYGKMXmR5U+Uqd81XTKmvRtCh8l2prNhE9XmxRgQqrgUKLN5ZvJ0SYINhXq9MRKSFlRNuSERMcTA4wv8pC2pkudyFWkbhMOqSeYAft/LhNTAv3PMiFAOeeI4HZ4MDsJPUF0ciYwrZrp5OJz79SFG8A2cvJASEolmxHs4xZlLpeUTjivtwEsvQp8f8YAHU4Ygs8bdedzQt7GQ4njIMj5vMrFJ5VWAiJ7iuMbR0b8mBPJEYGg41tqKykZr26RfEisnNqszRBgKEgdxWtYoFRruvZpENNPfUnKNTwdnKDXkqX4dJYkq5jdWt1Qou/iez8BAg2r7yS1CGCYglrXXYMQTZwdQFaW5UAhdmBJxLvxKW6FiGrWiRK0h4bRfSfEZyP1BSWwidIW9KQ87ZIuBFGLg6QWATjJaHuG5Ng5g52tIQwDT6xDL7qAMOlP6w2gztoZ8agff7lM31WZehfcftL6avbNUYv9fhKgeCMM5bDHglydsTkQV2EsCIiACIiAWBAJSKnQAAAAGUlEQVQQAREQAbEgIAIiIAJiQUAEnG3AfwH845kayKT8qQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Span Selector

![Basic
Usage](data:image/png;base64,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)

Basic Usage

![Image
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAk1BMVEVHcEyUlJSVlZWRkZGPj4+MjIyXl5f///+SkpKYmJiLi4uTk5OdnZ2cnJyOjo6ampqZmZmHh4ebm5uGhoaEhISJiYmBgYF8fHx+fn53d3dTU1Nvb29ycnLs7Ox5eXlnZ2dERERjY2NMTEw8PDxsbGxgYGApKSkzMzNbW1uioqIeHh6xsbH39/eoqKjf39/Pz8+/v7968pPXAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsm4ty2sgShlcIhAQSEgJzcQBjcBzLdkze/+mOpqe7p3skklQtourUqpd7YEGf/r7O+J9/2Ma9/a3902o9lx5gD7AH2APsrQfYA+wB9gB76wH2AHuAPcDeeoA9wB5gD7C3HmAPsAfYA+ytB9gD7AH+lwF+bdf7nty/ALi6fAzG4/1/xD5vD3C3vyzH45+j4/HUYo//p3Zqt+O32wPcXD5ic//9+eXlW2272rbGDofD2thmZWy5crY0l6W0hXrGbzOPlp4tFos52IP5z9hkMnkYkU3A4HV4x3y+EDZHM4/Mc/Gd/LWbzab+1Yf1wdjW2g7t+en2AC+77RcAfLLwdvidSG+zaYGAP3mF8OrjWMzFy6ulD1hwdhSAItqE7WFCrz0wLWCnPyj/aUHnbSkRrhVCC/Hppbss/P0J6CE/K7/f4JOKWtgD8XR47b2Mbj5x7EbSQJJGhhOGyJ+aC7LwHDnylxPD9dpBPBDCzgFKemugt+IjXzhUCxTTcuHJwqphoXzafgj+tUV1TG02m43gMiOMI6FGJ8sJXCfg4lqp84WCWDPcMMSthfjSIcDnFx37FL6m48wX0gsbXjVf6Ddpn50YeKMJk5vNhmT1I4NRilH4N9kIb0Y2YE6YIzk0+7KQYucAVeYg3yWN4cmfqFP+4Nu83WxKeHAu61Tn0HkGXGejvzRMPEqKKqlYX/7WJcBvxG+zYfUtnGgmGJkmihjLYfLQYhoxasfJDuGF4XAYh2BxbeY2NK8hR0AJ9whVGr2EGN159BlaIXYLkBKHrUEUPHGuZ1xsjHTwN08USYhUzulGLbILh0gNbAoWwK15Godx/YbhbyzUiqWfhgx1RDQMd10C3HHaFdpDRuKgPc+ycb/N1/zcqmOdU5ylZm0aDAZBMAjoqSUJusQ7MgPX3qPRr3NanDNE1mHXAB2+BdBDycnDVhHKAZk5b/OpGc36sY5kR+wstUGbBahJuI9jJdewVunUXKYWLv82gVAx3HYJcKvUh/hmLJeYJaC9Cs5+GOr43yTs3i/dFfBJXJG5RnBnHzHHAYgzwA9NSbF0EwBEd4IpIs6VL3cLUIoP+M0QEBxvTNFpOiX3CYlGaMnGYdgWpui92mmn5sC12KIoMYZ39j4SEIml/Zz4cGBflRCBoEOIDDsFeCD1WXoGH7LD0z3Akw7+Ym8AK8Yq8CYLUsQqdla40v9LHH3EZqAVhbmp75wlUQIQ6SrF2uLv5kd4CF1G2X7rEOBa4APXCzFGtSggEEFfvUgajfEqEgS6mlIciq0mlsAlr4Hl0socGIIgQZP1hT5pqYszgK4+DWKIMy4WUsO3PHQI8Glt+NVfZkI+aG8qfcz+5LYojz4W+YCnHi6pHVJcYZmB5TW6Ultm72qQhiKARPcWDwA9Of0AAyVWkgYhD3dqgt0CXCzmFPqAX+DJxEohUkZeB0eh+LazM/AG/D9EkbHcamTWUnuT2oelfYt5v3Vx6eDyMf2EIEA/tlWBa1PWXQLc2NRLzgvqiegEi9+orFBm8cro5PG2eQE+hsSMwEpSHmCruSkzL7IScxKsfUC39LIhaFUIuS7EwtAOyboGuLItRw2QnZcJsUjqhxqailgFxyqRFxLtdAVID/llJcDJSHmGnw8QEML7nFj11wqAFApBhNaLRY/XPUBwX1JfZIVS/+r6CHOnAUbJLugEIkRKmlDSJemxv6LEHL6mWYfOREgsfXosTM4moEHOxkjw5gA/95/jz08CiOEvjjH4KT+zIT0nd8sZJvteZr0xl/JkjRJI/pARlSCU+sqr4AJXDIlZ5jkzwfOiIKXjAAsa7JAhCN4Y4Nf36YUm+uOnZf09kD4geyTAj0ITELIKEJkyp6fq+LzM4FzMwjZ6Rpf1ADK6SlB0CpQI7RcUcGak5inJYTKOKRNTMXNjgJe3dL/9+ogMy8vbUjhwZPJH4fJiyb89E/SE+vwD1CrJXYmi30sAfasaacT7gpLjnouw3MAgQS6pWYIPNwb4+fVRl+aXef3wIzst0IOnUwqAFmDp+0/JoagsBd30ynvQz/OS38demf7JKgkw1RrMsahJBLcoEs0f1DIujxiCmxsD/LzsDpeqYheGzpcKmMIVtujCsrzlPECEMY55BOGzZSkACFml1wToy1ALkOpCyc/KzmX/AUuQNFhXGA+TGwP82mwuX4f5JwO0NSAQjLDQBV4OoEsi7JOAp3GoaUrY0kZxQsm3AbBqeK/8f9KpKjVA19YRQJznBIGbctk4eGuAuoxZUg8C7S/UMEWuu6tcuKbOwN4Bp6u3VSohtYe0a6qrFEedRBolE1UuEQ3DZB6e6unMHQByEEywP+V0keciAwuAwNAHmB+Op3l1zTtbPPpqBmmmEIironCOFEL3eDBwo5k7AZRZBOoCgJR79atMsKIDS5Ufp8XL+W1Q+ZWdyApUzVyLf5XkV6L0OIPYGj1h72UF2m57QIVMHLtaZjTqFuAE5jDD0E6wIu73RdVcqALWFcWgp9RhrI8zrYan8zatsisCdPn9zwJ0lbrrRnA2I/CpMWFESYRcGAiu7qDAIVbSMDNRvW5L80sidAVK6rqzNN3+eJxWDSgulv2mf/Ma4WYlzbMLb3xh3ZjHq+zC9wUIedhNTXI9BxFSLGkmUDYzSZZWg9OPQ1taLTOvqr4aCIUAdbOjAKppmZpP0yKOna6uOnbhmZtlUSXjENIoLpdX9mKVjEmEtR/vXt+yStYrutqWQ5gsbatnuIB2ZaaZU+eq842E+zqGDHB4H4AjXkZigEAsKfyBSqInBdhlyMKDc2c1OZ9jDISuoOPGMCtbNChLGDoXTNLFQCLoz2vFaNwpcHhHFw6plnZLFmq1rEjknNAcTFaWWVs1bY42LU+vq6pRjcjUkDUCgGOYUSUoR6s0v2pftZP8dB3TPUC7DhnHmIglQGqS3Hy/oKJGVtNSMbZ5SKvn912VUqLOXF4gDy5dKyjgVY0+T2QQAXDgapiodY0uptn+rHOAM3RhHkmLqbJYCEvUNBqCUtauQPOiCYTv3yuOZCoSurtGDNQzVcrHqguJWrOwXN0Sq5z3iIGGX4z8AmqLErrI1duiRYI02vNmJ/Xr1eb9kQlmSk2iov5NRVNlw82yVJMs7uFs39FEGBBAkUXuARBDIK5Iuu7IW+dQ42WaVbVFOptKlu+Pqde7tYTDNoTmlXD3+Pi8zGUJU7ge+EoUDHQzDCOZ+wCMHcD6t7lilW45G6tqOrtuNYWa4FslwiSLkBY7bB5pleDD9+PjIYDykQAmrEAqXTx0mESgGcFdcN0rcGZbYbshIZDLuKJfjyguFrKvaw6mUyFIcMLN61Pl6r1MVHg4ESvbFTh6O7/N63uehfNeBZSedN+gsVsmjl0leCeAMS0K04lFiG7zFK6nOwnqtqJkgNItq9WPbdralPBCelOA1eDp/Dh3C5s0R+AFzKhFebCPi5MIu3DnABd2M5oEKEYbfKZlItFDGcVQdCTIpTq8v1SZLpHTNLs2NYR/Wh2Pa+u7mVhaT6gAjFTKHeAOuCAYiC2adqMTFoK3BLj/clcCOMR5oL/1rI6EYsue2+ohg6AtMcQSCda/eDFPj+/QGGepN2vNPKj0KHk+Pyei/aCZUFK41Uu5Hwc3vgUCIgJEBc5uCbA67b9224/99pCSCxv9mUbO2/bYUCBvz8BepMh56Optb6FHFkl5fl9Wf15JQoDV6HRe2QJczHBFDeMcWOwKdg+4DOR5zOymAMfbffXxuf2Zjl8+UYFD3hFoz+SgsRuPuhFXTqtSptThsNQAs3Tw+jqssr9CmKWr8zGs5CJc6YZCdiNWxHkjkHvuAhcDp6TA8PYKHB/2ya/xIfkY7/bjcR1tHriI4R2Vg4HskMxaFxZe2NE1BoSlXP2VS6JWj9Xo9ZzgOnqLB6tX1q+P9Vu5zNFDtUYPHLQbKTDswIX3z5df81+ry+ayswqcz3A/L2+JdOKLeCcpqzBp7Dwq1E4Zf2BlCa7eT6mXcBshEV6a/3izO9vEKpzbA5PIvXS4b1bsl/YADjtp5T52D/tq8TX+ucStHXNqQ6ax3EsaiWpGF9RWhv5OrbJhYmtQBm0xrXW6/KKB1o8PpxexyCzEJyQoOl5g1SK/KU4Ew3v0wgAQ9ou3KTBBgLxXWbd1iR0Sik1/CqVbv0vf3rcVr/C2lc4mf2xfT3L4IgfihVcGou7E1n3vj0y4DJzdA2Do/fGG2sjrbfVmOTqIeeFW7YrGEp6xLDu9jlJeIvfioY2V1fr1GKclVX+4M0nuSRVbYKhcmaokTFu1OQfbHTJdA9R/hmB/jfj7DVX4u4eR3BEofY05Fm6HUZ5Fx2PpTaP1RsF08XqepnalRSdftZlIzLFk7rXx0P2NE/1dy2w0upcCGWDbHvHof8Rd2ZaiyhZcMqQgCKg4ISWDyFhY/v/XnYScdiZ473lQjz1Udz10l1E7c08RwUx5aEs5RfAqCXgBhBOj4eq3yGYpeiuRXgh+ZlV5LlgB+4EEICPtSwiyJg5cfaAJ+VoEiiMs5EAv6eKq0kNw9IJA/Gl4x3QVxWq55t7GDQ1APkgQNY+WlntXYnFSDqVN/+n/MUrliVco6www0f8GgJKIzVnI6UQpu7RZtQxi+xM+/wfamRHERVUt1rKSYc2JnG7UHhufrz7Y/QfFDKIRRmhmCzKKfujhFdq+QbL3WWrHhvxX9Bs3JmNnociU5JJ1KmdA05cNBogEwcA9t5kLSCO82MEfcJ1TuDSL88vPhjIREXl8QCQnXnD7cUWs94UI3EFl2yjXsiYALma6JjiJQ2D6qik42mKtbKelueZtH51oj3/DF2DmSrWfH1BqPyeiIlJFg0k+l6HRFxCbGUDBufoCgARCg2EItLwOr/Zp4UULWO21fA3BkNTYSR5qmUMbuZTVsIWMTNe8RS6hMW2l2k9ioUoRCMf3XKlN5ZCSHPvzEUiXcjToiRTTgS+L3ItUVS5qL0WHJK94KHVAmoIF+KI7uEEgCHP0I/78yWXJIxAkaMQm0IDJAXdJkjpbt6g4VCjaBynzNwAEEtUxEiVl7+zr/2RqBNgWdIBDqkWzTH1adY+sV1Jxu8c2akD1PeUAsgYETeV5AEB6gIGwmQq/P78XBlYQhuRnYAH5veVQHaYoF9Xebw7D4SZkpY2btFc3UCVH27Q01jx9BJzDa4M5xqzOVQZQXH+6coa/B6DObA2Iiwa5WKDingpaLamHf6UxROw65MQQf1HdJsMwd5g0BD68/8C9x4oWXvwp+lD5CMtXICkEvS9wY4jvgaTQ1+kXxesb1WeDJ2lNm9aMSKlyWDZ2L+3ZlVejPqoqbUtlmdLylx1dhTuk4gc03yQVAjsf/KY+H4ErEYOeJNeH0nNLl6ptRx0jvexXNEl9GGi31PZtTnTFaOFjfXF5zwLJG/JUfPYA8xJGhKDq5PPxCIR+QpK3C3cpUbEEDYujVIVwCsFr3jEA6VJlHZfXdQDUqv6ivK2phhFSyLUJfDM0IlpdWawH4UlELmU+DqBnMpcSAqEuLkPq0cK8cnTJtkSOwcWciQk8jGNh4uf5Gsp9cQAeXF8W/86Q/9CLJMKsBiZZRAcAhm8E8PG3/P17/iwfz18md12pMSjlE34upCCkADqLKZAqiqCuHg7xNqwuWzDOtsrUBbJjW1Vvw82+NllpKiMsYiEiRyB+vRPAPv/5q7vH47L3aARSAD2GoUEYv9zYSpSnDD+xQJmLRAVAW1Gt+6uqOq2pkH8sbHZrX9YcyxGIuI5GuQoBgtI1zfDTPwLg8vj4Kw6PrlkWP4NyOBMRSI6xQXOJDm5AqcKZ1NkTAKdGE2xcMxTVdtqm9pYPDG+1G3ApNxTBaYKCxUbgs3egI4FoOfTIWAJC/a0AXh/L5d+175YXDGCzS3f7lbAXk32uhOmTDkygeLtsSRA6MxDa/BYES9F13JYnl01Ms0rjM2w4eha1M+JLVTQlZElrODbSoplkOM1kt/nWO7B+Pv76zd+5OzPFuuwnCctBnbV3UlqmJaHa2M1GoA2uQMaO06u2dumgOsMpOFAl/KQFhqkDifb6hZkN7N2pnZLO88runWtNz/3zm5/lE/1MAfQY3XfGyEl4Zim+dfAUyz0JPYUanA9ifNb1cIYH2NykbBM38MkMVXZfYHlDs+UZNJJKJD7UcvhSZGGx1o6Vhtbus2UMjECT5uAZ8HRRYU+c/0D2kOsYG4y22Hx1G5blZj1MWMOqxTXNlrMbFBsO9pN1dLY2awY1ISgI87xvAzgmEeJnOm8lppbU1J7Omfd4knhyrJTGZ1i74d5jmA9Gbamvqe7J94FFjD2ZzIo0TOmzMogLTg8klTUzxxtTyrcA9GTTQDjimvQkSlMyrWD4m8WgbdcB60jGuda2Hgar/josRyCHXDxwUaGWBp/juUUBh9V+TdKXlnQkFj8K4IGVgdSU8pXn5r8EUO7k8MuIi/hkd13jbnFgjYN6N27TYOu7dXsLtuum6brO9UKLC+JUryQE1AL0UJMtyVhmvkAQFjefjkCYQlghzScLdOdkkFKaQykqaimNgGaYCibM6JameaE9MUx93zR933d2WfVdb1dt2PXd8/nXH7Io2rvCX4DmErALthGY7pMRrVwZQnbyQkHwSwBSCE3QzxlSTrF0uD2hsy5LLWNABI7MmkN6u2EMzxgqjCB+NX1TlW7XndsbBvX59zTueZof/Ykkjm2FgT2MpDybHmTERdcOtGINvwUg6eeg1zCIQ9Ae6a8HCzOUhgLjl+dRtutwALrDZ3AzclwHeVsM4dgd6ijPrzaw+RGePUTbwMDk+HFzQTRnyTeovcig0CH3TfjNLMyM2emN6E0LGjj1dyCvUPao5HIT6xzhQxxFaYZjsPE1b29EbeYcy9JC+HIMoyi6H2zuk0RolYJkI51mG+ogaX2IFPzYmJoPB78H4GwkKhHIy0FCiWMAauocYcy/ZJ+LvHh8REl97PEpbvRwk7W1XbTRcC3eoyi76ltVWi3527GYC7jmEfJkZodcYsGOf3y8jFFqaRqGKoIG6dBhQyIKaSo2kOf47N0GKB4el3KvcQz2jeuYRVs39/aKL8AV/vwpmNOmK/xAOwABSAAE+021hiEMXzae/vgdCAzHzRkXbbU7NsBEQV4Sq+ah9N36/jmv6/qeFCucQ9ymC9t7E7XO82me6zrzKNVoCxDkhbXi88gBBMEnhT5w9eUrzk8DuJ+4j/M4lOAD83Jd5mS+oG5xbZ19yev7PcvqOuqHyuXQZpe0bJ7d8MnCmtqM+cLJLABmo1zJjNC0jwP5g3L02ZUdfriQHgdak6twYqkNlq46tEqeW2rSHoTYVgb+IsmK7J7c0zQK8MXXxW2UVmX3PEd5crlqinYT+sQxF0LQhkCq+RB70p6a24DqujgvnwWQx590DypbOsNS+xCHmVRo0zWIZoPxwQCgkRwPWZbco7RO1s9+aILLtjRxARgllxCtRQoG1hQ+6I1tBCRnM5thlsgcsmMCC2L9P8nC8uVH62ZdBxw49fAiDfJjRLSgkVlkXooiyu51dC+yo3/MqqoqqzK6x3VdZDiHCHci4NEmsgjJGKRmQcr8hblWOw6bTkOD/f+ojJFPry4A1C2efWHRhyZEaoRgGvFXxyTJa4xgcc6K5HYr06pN01t+jbPsHjKZjg8Neyk5kxeCGuLjRdDuLsRQ1+GAqtth/cN34H6SQkyYPDhtEDyfAsYfeUe2PLtStum+eznjOzDJsvi4i8u2ulVVnpbJtbgksSF5cwmfFVsYsnKWjIbUjabEeZKeTeCR82u9F8DRfJb9ols5cwY/T7TBouQj61c2R+X97nDp0QWIgBECuND8y1k3kiSpC/OUVeUtvZVRmu/PSXwINWCH5AesWGYAMotUacUJdCIAQvDkCfkBJm8E8Hd/bJb9xVh2MXFgHJKIaD7EPAGOA3UxdYHMDrB209QBJ5050XWccTLjYtHH+PgmpomPcFRXbR7djTg573c2M0QC7S7i3tMUQPWaADth/rsgaclz4LdOY35+k8fl9/CMf1fP5fLxqEUEejz/mkr1YvEv0oL1swb1SzwCNWHpQom5tnkIs8TrVxE+yJ6R5Lcoq1pcwZwuyflwQpKQQWatM695mZVKvWEWlBvNvrGcn6A89+S946zef1yXrntcds1y2TnpjjZynjl5bBQLQKrFHr9i+qwGWVQ325SCMbJx3cTxrvEvyeoc4pNc39IhB1+Ocbw5bZDC5QVMBoTYzAW93AdL+7jhBbY45P52Nu9kJux/f4qf0zP+2T1hFvY4Q8aU2JaGAZ7vAKoGSKxEaJYCyWG1jcvGMzZre7/ZhBvnXOdRWpZ1fQ6P+31o2GIXrIkBC+JzZzTHKlLgky5CMfqgI6M3AvgTHbXf7mIvn7HxO1fGeIYJ2JY8/iCCDpuhTvoPfRPu9a2rjtmDfXY1LWMbbMxNfd7VURrlbRVFxTk0w4MjPcYGUhGgP7Qtk7AhLUY8woTz3IToYGSeb95axvwqdeAezgM9vhlhJCfGJNJEoyTEOHAWslgYxyRLrk7f9y5MyIFxrP/h7Uqb21SWaCHARvAeNhHrgAUMILDiLP//193u6Vka7I+RlbqOrNQtW0e9nN7nvEy996z0ezmLYUAeLYS4huG1idjhleOmH1s/Oj/ZyUeE0nFA23vsaEJkr9X5ui73WCJ9oIEpl0C2kMfjtZovx8SjvMekX1e8v7/wgzhxNS99fm2a96qqGrEBhbnfIZKbxLWquzbeH344Ha9BsG3RrCS8q3nQF22hI93dEZiufT/6xoz017fMnAiyyNM74JmEaNyk3MCzlnkaeVrfimsDgllXncirDtATMyYSbivosejnFkLh826ogR8t2Q/J6WavT81tyad2eNYriBg+OhsT7/IIrCqS8pUoOu38BX70SOteqHPZYltGMG8B6V3Yte2yjHVZDtu8DLf7JKfbhAjKaZVb21Un5oXZmr0zP15zNnHIztuzGU3dY8lbOh7TH/hFNsZcyjQXFg9hsZ3mZKkPPrpkXF85C4nlN7oxvvTNJfnxekqqZW7hu6zshmET4H6nAaQPAAQk5QAyePUYAdSbVXRK/zCq/vR51aKxfGDpEtNgyY90pt8DYHE8QsshJDbKLqHtWvRt9RAVGABc0EcAigOo8jV4+l8winGRS5d1chpAQodVytsEVvB2Ax2e5DI2iekrN3pM52D0fN1uZeV+HMrbh3BEYPihOxMQPDwfyG75Fp9kkK+V0bqyT79RR1nRCjkMoro07Qg8bwL52uYq8JuxH8U21z1AJ8S0ggyu03QHNwKOWE5gMSO7k5IviNNfDEk8fTEkbMIQi6Bve/DMqCYF9OXDVbhw8LnDrIYY8ruO+8l2JoB+3oPUDaKMgiKv6naY4A+YuKau2nED0gwB3LQOchTrCnp+A/huwAU34D3ei11JdFDhF95vecik0rptnSDy9xlUe/FZ2/Py4RlpuiAWOztoAKTiuqnBsZEv2yKtE5hBuaDiiirBgx5JMc8zWkSx9V3TbaDPC5KXAT0w4DchgPB1GsYuP5kUvXYS51fWbnmAz94M4W35tuRv+IM9PqxDq/IbnAheEDPemHTaxsaujq711zEXF8gHlZjQ8jWRep8ebrDvemAqUoxtu4FnXgG/VkyIGkCHbhjY9DptoML8LunT2W5bYPmZXY++O8FH5S0b/OoyhLnenBpe8S0SuDunzCUw4DW4SHfmawAjy/7DRqDZE13gTstEAeg1SiGYwQ0YjFzAh4AFBAMJ4KERRGMp+8z2WNlVmWrw5qupkd2GT/94XDxg17BZju5bJHDnPrQnTu2CX98lsRL2xPm/sJMrtsDMoRuNPj9FnVQuGUHclg1iuPsKL0zwAIEERyIXEFwxZ8cchCHS3PQRmU/0/UJTItTjcWmqu0NTch44JKde+TYV1kfTP6f2XThiEzEmfc4GYdNqUz1Efcyn3KKOmCFo8Aw0exrQg0zghUES7wrBVQEsmsLb9ZN/GhhxpV/Ps4sl/P2lcPplTWeUiQfC9JsADL9EkMdzrhPBLCmwQyOen3VoBAXoI8kfpU8qsIHgg4UEMgiStxoA0aPckQnia4j8ds3rMgsDP7Eb40y7kBmJ0t0H3n4zjN7RRoOtXKOtNj9cAjmJ4SVi3rP/BYDuprASzqDsUZjG3OqhF4R5uyiMhn5EXqMMoEQYIRABZQYfXecYH2PwsrQLBjBtU+U+nw8+nOQ1O6J3dQ+94UR1gjIi+C07VMtiH4cc+y1tYtoRQNs85rvYM4qKFhzGsOSYtonCS93MIHiYuLrdRL8hjPDsprR3paeAV1OA+bpcgXuDEI4j2lEQ4/nCFy94+uS65+7VsMF+SrhYG7gD1oxcfzuArOs3ZaVhW4FVsafvSia+8cMKwLTsxo0UFvsP1gmAQcd7U9HHRAQGnwHPzmnNRRA2ErMzI7BF5DZLHbguBF0C8dixFT9gsxdmzZ3TYVMKe4QEvuGE3O83rC65siZDj+g0j0T07KFPSwZ18G7SHSpljXcM4Lsa3chYVotEJ0sgSUCy69ULgKXyGkr6FJEWYx1S6zVId9yjvxEQqSCConQ9zzyFRsLPBcw3F9AOaTjTW5Sm//Qo1UecB89z/PP5vbm+ufY2F4vwzAJLyNj36UbDeeFVfZ+DndtmgI8gWuUy50G2CJRGpcAogbfV/AcC2GS67qjwuaJ1lP08ds02XN0Ud7JLYUSfDKBKIjD4UpuFIU/yr1W4/2jzvx/zs/fz+fnPX2H6A/UtXtOnwKm1TfHv5jdt7ctkPy4zCJCcbtq+1SkAA/xwliBRhOqdtFd1xoA36cvQ1M2UjhaLCv6qxJ9lpVmTGztKkhNQw5PnViuyD3DHZ5wuq1LZP95cdPr1/Pa7/dM8/3p/fv77S14IJa2+BSfTrFVm3yvNTZC2gvC06KRARiKmpa3wYLsatbpsmEPQuGrhUwD8xa4ZAAAaoElEQVTKpSpYlxzg5IUtUO1J1NEsa9tnYBqaEu8J4runU+LWG6fkdZUNZGtOtDZHZBrjf6vCfvrx8fbW/ul+V39sRjrWgPE2meMMp54BC9jnHrnWX/xlQ9C8datAY2LTyAVvu1CYCgXgXYOIAA5bU5gYUVE8lLigum7AaCACLM2gm51S9r0nVWT3fB6w6RUjZq5Fv2QUOkULGP/L46QfY/709lr+fP5TveuyJiqukThm+sxTF5qbUNMCaMdHqHU1rcZpFZWbKVbgpBjJSTGsOxOISYTM9KonbkQQo41q6EZR2iZT6zM8iktAAlOdZoPfSmuEncvgkxl04xr+PJrGKOdRmEQMz8jEcWjHl+ynamFzbkSJYVr36yqugWHY5LNTsGqYp1mdCUQMRXdhvf688caLhFhE/mmFSUJpLy8KnOzt8ldhehiSBJzJqj8WwCyz3oNcsUkuhPS6OptmR8DsXh729kwRpxzBgDVpZJb0KNeQDpsKiFdSXi2Asr0EGi4ldwllqNRLpx4wz6NdNIGXF8GHIKXZuRAma6orSoGo04AAYFxk8aMBrDN8FPtHHBfMKae7PvPPs7B6IVSQb+AautAkOin37w8bvm5U+E4UsMVwLWFDiomXRDpePF2B4WT2rJmWN7q8aPALdiimzljvW/V0YvOxAF7yCwFIcnfAM46NueHl9t1DFeyQ3l4gEpNtGBlig7GLl8gt6DAQJgDVYwCC6O2aGhSAurSbFINcMt9EGISKJny+FkmDWspBU+MtO/+HahQ/eAFjlec5QqZzCUVxEEhjBffJjr0TpHcelBBwyDn0zOoRP8IUgBCnfNShCD2mXuPniuQn03Sj+jeFnAtfu9eA247UkHqnt460MrGzFp3Cg/rRAOYghEoC8UdnlwtBSLIY0/VXk25L9dhmyqIUvdTN7yDQHeYCwwV6j+pQ3SZO6VWsJpgDBd7qYL/r2wwrKEGOotM8tAVSvMiGbXYPlvVeiuGRuCmQuPFRAqB5BH5TPRDA8VqWJQqh/uGZfhTm90AbqImCbTz2dexEb8g4jWBBAPvMRatgz7zTIpPg0qvgWOVQV9GEOrfnYb7g9fVsT9Mg9PBhVJMyBH4U+SwppYuEyj7AD4/81OHmgCMtMqVG4hWPlMCxKRWCRm+z7HJQYQ1gEB5WyqAsqFjApAZDiQCOuW/3sEcAynkcgCKWIzHp+x0IYOGruAO+UPLZVDQp24wVvmHU3j2wSXolbyBXxmugeoeOPigxtCrD2wPg78cCWCsAQYcz9QkqDVamT/0S+IzeArmTdOd8Aw0gGnwPTaDKRNmFW+g3X+YB/vZz7FiAfxZ9VfgkoipBZkpF59cfLxSmwb/VUtifZC4UIhbql8Gn4Bzw3xXNC2OtwuazD41bjs0qq/LhEliiJzaKi58iN9AhWWxHqvVuKKOqWjyjbhWAEMRyClQVV4CG/uimBJMAYV5VTdeUIUYbloxEesPy6YxhrgIQ7MNVDBcifzQXn+D/YCttAE+BLC8I9W8a0ydf6DcQBkQJFa4hakv9DQDmBGBGViW2+YQ0NOUu0wds0jM0kEGxk3pfyzQO2PQXUkMX4Ifpk/9fhwRHQEC8UGApnki0IlLnF6abKXWaJMrAdmLqUrJ3ETV5stMCKr4FmBRNRpEMY2e0VSSVkosmUoaK/2gnovzwjr2YjFaoE2pKd9NjtcknKkHViCiWopMQyzVxkFJHnLJwL9UUAn5mPFXd31UAWquAflctqaCTMP/RdrXtaeNa8MFIKRGstqpejb3GBtO4T7Jt//+v25kjE7L37sdAEpcXW0ijOXPmyIZCGLrzONH7bcUdyRvZD64F5UWNXeJjrajOGjq114wIxjteQXZ0Pj/UxvhqY/7XPYuL12qnbudZ7Wrsq7mqpvB++YzapcuceAVRH9eMXddJm3IJfz79+3vCxCDfVEHQb27hSyujT+fzUXLXhvjZ2xnyVUT06vJY6noRP8BEv0K6ofdo2cgBZvesvMeLDwaQ7xE+AKjNrZKjgmyVfT/Db+KtYonm/uQKYHcpupzGMyycveO63adL+7R//6DsevJMyeHrBSWrQ69sxBF2Go/j+n9+KnvT4ZV17x/MxRQ0+2q8vDCPSggA7XbTEEII5dO3HcBN7qEamAmfvzPQfKxHRLHN+8eJTbzZRfPh+47WfLCMOfphQRGhPq4sqnCZMQnG3Ar8+6TIiG8lqyynSULam2W8Xnq1XmhQW6Hru12zc/t8s90qRnE00neJaOmZqKNzwZudBX4lPFQD11KuZpBIFdH3pYQqOVVvolnTnH4/bbKetpOaNYzj3Lfd8XzySsd3O661v5yUQE+IyDNhlbSIsYsywH9Q2eJa0Prj5TROJoaUhxzsTul6oH6XOWCIN9ESq2yHEmQMgnWVc+9IihQi2kg5DQ9PIk6EhDyk66s6vK5W2pUfYhGd2MWqRAIzCWgFleHlOJ9O1/N5ToIIhxWYFt24wHCgdSK43d3LB2g/dtNyLwqAtCD00ccXtNPNp+uy8MzdGrc2Ahx0hZyLaosDRfmiJUowYpTyUC1FCNwgtmLEJuVP/RLaN34R7Ze/fv2rlKOQBLFVwA/D2NbLZVmMyjWqwrqKIMPE3ot2yS148vSycMjHpStrbc2PJWFG4ngGgHVQQAzj/DDEyhjvhf3AcdcA4XLl9QvH83WaTsvS+sg+kVUpebMGiec9tM9J8vJ+W+WFdbV5bJKLQbid2k9c0n/9I//q8+vPvhzuANbpC+vCAbC6+X+WFHStolfGVKtfjb8R50pG1rg5vsxt38+nuc9prW2oQ07HcUyhDMOAl3nr8Ne2LZ4Ycs7clCJH8A/vAcLMYN5lmVt5FYGoNVFyBl0U5wLiAUt5TpQHWLlAHkefnF/fW54UMEs3f+LnhV9z/P02HF7l/9Z8e4ORFjawI87cC8r3ay11lHiUnnNLY8UO+mp/GKgceh4vueShFUBSERBXXM4XaCPCe7pe8YvbdOJtnmdi2c0EdBhKIpJoLBPqbr4scryv+oI+cI3cSfwHah0i2iDjWknC6BvoF5z1Qrvo1DZ6Jz0omKX+MwH8u7S/3obN65cOAP5IY17jiVwHr9wqwu5uretSDd2OqwUf8fZh9d/wYgH97F9GjF/YVOTfBNJluXu+TABvgqDxxg8zXZcbkDOAJYyAMHN3NFpy2/a5vYyDcxx9CQ4kZLhbnfjWuJsCZJfz2DzvMMX75rBFPyNyLjMHEq/HASkHw7ba1H4egG+/fnZ7+6p/p9/DGsISvGJCb5nW8N0LYwr4GL+WKvUW9W4fGUlBCFIkRIZSpu/HRO6QeoxMfqoLoGDTnsflBLgIHuDj1b5XXi5IAOfKxLnr1qjmVJa2RQOAXUckYaIhipaBByYnyaOoglO+eL/doDe6+WGT13DN8Zm6iN0CpzAxjaNLn8jAtx/q99vfu7++vKqft5NKYT2rZFVcszH7gJkXBD37UZVZolawSz5WuWaMBI/t8fuEkVOyEuFrV7Xr+nkex2Um//CHLX9578rPM83TJHEMCCmRbQ4ET8Z9vbxM/cyr/PsOWye5Ai9IUHodQ00i8Q9CpgyiFw+fD9uqKMGVNrddXyJkpXxmCP/HSaU1WJHdbFxlt0YnIYMrDtL525oNQ7fuAq0/LgtYBP7Ml5cZI5OQAxRDK9LWgV4duAmqTcv1NCGQTxK9E79EBthN/OIizFV/Ao5zSa2kGpIRTSEXy41r2ctgYnFlQKc4c9EylyG/Oqc3e4WOFXQRD7cuB5l9F7YGXUka0oD5eSCAQw1XLyQU/KjZkiwg2k49bcR44RUINKIcvjTIT7peLufxeJSvVxzHYy+xm5lKBIMCAgCV0zhig+xBvQNcU3e6zrwLbPHUcIL89TN++nkA/YbcAcuOTw3dwssUOlB1PM+gntOlrAIckraJ+RdMhDqWQDx3EuoRMKc2hoz9M9rG8NrHAhh9CZIptCLT4tfDRkf3vkCzWjaAXJJYVqILOMO0gHu8jJJZdQblMP6UY0SHmQUAB8LxirFLIAOzru1O06mbJigeUgfsGYK2k0hvO3qgISewFxLQ4Q7aZmpJCXxkig7KWSBF20x9Vk0aUOXGnWlTMjpgnhtOM5QHxxQXhwFcIJlb8PuRiwkEpC5Gw5siZlEt6GqimGNZiOx5+XLK4u7AQ9SY8BQ4AEbfJYlpynXXiq9DFu2HAUE89AvD70zm0SIyTAFjP09zO5NwfQJ+RBbIg7PAPBhxihh1Cj385OooC73gXmuEeOBn3I1rmebxpE+mccBVVeFBn5CIAxdvCyQxg6OO8zg/9LwwbAJ+NGeWniTWxTQCqRO6LVau1KAFYLrZbBHkeocdsBPPu+Jxgg1DupO0EpAFBniRefwOAEdYOtCNCHYncoq+ohe6Im+AeT0raKBGE4SjMuiL8E8Z+5N40GHQKzItGExWSQYxogAN5lHt9qBlYHYOBXNJq1PSkJ1S6DLsAxOhhxF4qAZi7JxMJ4Wm0vRZDlbfFW8sDAIGg8nO8GQWxjSq3WYT9Z7JWtNgA/RGFzA3xRwi4gz7BMad7+fljNAGPvEQSLG+RYgCvB6ux4FBpFwJMkzogVgfpA7qF9wjEnoSGwDqw2A1mz0XIxoFT4XphTOgV7XGcVqxKe5wQILbKaSYnGi8UE15tAJDCGP9yCw89bWSAnxw79rxWiNUb8h5oJZzqTWGjhToWCZpoxXslpHKKYVdTG12GUxJuu2douelh0mQAgcWwBYOLbCR8gI4BYhsLCxTiI0DV2A6WZQBB+YnC5JRzwJrjiALVEkWXoK1kZdwkll6C6kbmI8LAUa2YN83XPagn4XIOAY96m/yj6oe2ocCOIgl5oAwDoe5/db4xHUMBDW6EncWIs1FDWM3GEB8eg48b+RZwgB7FALoM9dxapQnYZTTzjIAo37eaEZ14G6bJ1lCoeAKbGjeK7X5AdEwwW10s28slAODNpg3tIdyQ8vCPLIc6l+/pTh/21r0Q1fHwOqEQoI6SjUaXQx8nKAxB8aJxUx8bin3/wAKAViagYq+TjsCAAFkDQpQBgNlEqUlCk1ABR9TBgQGqnYwSWMXizJK7Tdc+uViAIYFTgAF3G+UPhygBNAsv1XbZ03eAnyazOJ53QoSPgbefN01+umrVrt6zi9y4cCFjYJH0anWSl7URRbvrQI4XpuAeHC2MWqnGRqaC8D1zJL1+GUjgbR4KIAzdV8zlGpFjC0hVJBBBT8KFwEmJRoEEEN5By/D3AhJjKxFgxT5FhBuI4tWDCBXK/n19XXvQIu9pra7f9q70h7FkSUo21WmfODG+AJxzKDtlgZBA///172MyCqg98O2W9NodvWwZvqkjQnnVRmRhZEFPl4Y9lIwKDoZp9AGKFJjp/O4clGRldPYof8v9gVsEokiHTprFqsgy+YVmoxVZozgZAR2WxipvwoTR6ZSSjO0DvFKEjYsH+nCb7tBElhNM0RXLa/Fh+TOMYTgR+LfrP2BHBb0rA5iZ2wmD8lx0VVi09iaKBI3NImbJXLZ4lHOwomsmCSCoJwisVzuo45rOxeLI8aRi6cvs8QaAbBIyzn2bapqybs1i6taO9lVJMtvZBq4AmtQTwToxjYEOi4z8uwWH50hGyerEUE1SqOHjvyvhgZ9PjEjOAoqUAcTE9sRNMRzEQrFNxBtBN4WJEdvi3S/x7vDxUkcl6lLZ/upqQqpZ7KoihITiW2IA+fiZ+pR6MSbqMZKurEVmlIui5IonpX7/dyRl0+iCFPGBrESq7EG7SEDzlL+GFQczI9tSFnNoTeJBndVxZm4L04QyV2TQJSTT+JvTUVm6cHTmrudFP2oIXqpptBJES8sEI87I9dV51JsoeVWoX2KHEO+IcdUoKRipOREvAjd67xwpm46NufztiPTI/HR5UjfCBFwMvE1+BxeWufkJZtslkr+jCX0RbPYRlGVm7ToSOZTQGQAIL5wkfh95ciP4G6gNShVfxWnjryNRWuwaRqbVNplqLVlifLsobTm7nU9tFtZuA49bz08t+YSA4sRqRKcBBE21HN2HcRM4Txgy7B0kXtvGHTAAzi2jKNM/gIkryXE8hDK9SRiJVUiBgMaBM1veYyAOS0zZeDL932avRQmKssU8jiwmvgkno7vMQ5WFeTkwSZVbITX5B7AD8udKsgb8DK1TGJXF6xc/9i18DDUskSX9Sarkpq1KVvDcj8H5AhJqGgsSJJoTFE3YntytQ7ca0XrFA9LDFrYLoI1xPsXsSljQaeQFMGrpbAK631ZyIjpSSKJs3IeR9l8mqm2qMQbjqRpFJflS5bwVoDWxHhDFhfUMUnAnKbIO5bpBORIB+8moVdZ5ZbQDOTBnqQ2eR+ahZeCndT+A1VaPe+brj7ZuxJLXLCvRdoMSxXBobES4YoCUYaNGsSiKk66Sqwjdy+ZhIBUcBI8VZFmwbrhc5UU2byUuCeH/zhTgSrFbS5x2XQqiMp94VNCh+nCYI9zLp3PY1P7xiQZCKWjOt8o95a3YHObhMuSDMMjAXz7IStR8j1bdJOApIRDdksHhPwW1CzbCuB7yMNRgSSoIaFi0WBQe5mXOX1JbKzAR/iwYEwSuPMUPWTic8CGNxUpp2VZTucptDCCLD5KJIhSFZJD/2KhMYiwLKJcyW9s5+2M9FZNXk+/4JdqAlhVsxu9ZGex/34Aj/dlzPJ1pQ1kWeVLybdgQmE7fFCb7EEhUQzAbE1ajvbYIMqhkhaP6lxKQUWF0IYChGoaARapQ0Ui3Cwgzl5og1Nu7DnLBEBypmz7gDeO1OpUGF1EBSQdlmJf3olafZQ9tcCOykU1vgnsXZgdEAUQRvGNrNyxHPbnH/npWK/PPoksV+LDW9AQ6LthpdrIslQdGuFYUp2UseTWG3JI1LMYJc87LdS0XKCGBS8ZLS8UEuJhkiscdS8SwSSWcfohfpnOVdgrX2RIC0GkpGNzHB2Bggsq9QRnraAG4ZKuVSftg7n5Pnn4TXv7Mdu7WxIz30lrbk6rw9thcohPK04P/0KLaaCha+xFu08K/7a56qYFHaXfaFhY3/l6VfWrLPIglGo0n0hCuYqVAC4Vko6jWlmcoPCJsIkd9zueShktRqhv1+QomY44DAe5VgSJq6Omg6LKmi1IWJgPdkprkbJR/1144sZ7snKabHJ/I4DbYXNxZXnhe2u+259rNo4RNtT8e0oS0YnmKt1Sk+K7lbQ4Khi8Ah0J0Wo3u1aWOycJf5MqdRq/xC6NWpUfcJhJAMQO5mqJ/h0N0tkLfTqR0hx6X9WTB1Egb1agU5U6+vCZrtsyl5Bc9SgLhN/ZDzxOVufJeThMNytGwt1qy07TQnIF6r6eikS9j+1VeB60GuopWqAqBcrQ6MlvPxfm11leJEeVWgJLKuIUW/UITFKuzOaSQfAG62EsXSceaI+YbBVYuU9DkDt3YYoF16bzBA2jcUOGBov4YIw9M7D/Rr4bvrOheswXswuo9X598d0YPhtocCw2hysn1yu91ATA6loJTb2shiwUXwOloFaH3auPw2tIMrkuKXRSCyNdadiW7WWWYno1zjI/pRShpC5osHFcuLsxruo6v6w3hU+hMlolDHWN3IdKTNktRVPi4Lda4NEnYZ+Jd6vBl52yFsEz+8DcXllMLRp0HszjSYmQFyTrnGeuii5Ko425c7zOq4Gh6Y8pVIWePGzkGUaVnFdeSo6pUC1KINTMc5tPutcZU+Cusz9Xr1apCd034KdgSoh6JKm0WzECLlRMoFxN62MwxFRXm2PhGqZZahXqcaCeVYYfJE5Y/1V383+KH7VKLvLbN2E2qeBopn8nJldZZfavOtVCZ1Xp/tdJ6uusGROT3iQGmFAYNgqgFoIDSwrWMg8F8JXFpuqkFt7udTkU7quKtyhhVFVufjeAgy0JUKVxtEAnmu5HJXUDR8rmK+YSThNG3j8TP95lwkiCPo6jDiYxQSZ8m8ZUvTlnHHT0ovOo8Vppi6GWVpYfq4PlQ4n13WuQ9ngcqYlRO9SeRuur/MaP33DaRUcdMEwDhASVykOlomlK0r0Q+Prq4Xkfh6id99/KavoJ4+YMmJqB/cQC46z1pp2HZJVrggtRp23/HgcVv4eycm8UR62WfCqPoLpvHVpCvsqv63uBediwg/ZAC2RM17hIq/H7qNxvweDjWdhGxXFOqQiZ9rZ9BHboiLkNg/XTATXVT1bvS1d7cbWOJ90BGKxvsbgD8LG05ttuJQfJbCXGh1AUdvm1bgnznF6dmweJvrcIifpJ5QXUPptc7YYzG1XYjYt9vg+D2rqX3XUfBt2USKc/jY4kaZxDvmcIsb6C6cJ0c+NLQS2lQwAkeh6/hyoTBMD1HYAsCjUUNuq+wTdu04h+wMpPHXBmBEmgDiB3d9s4WvMhp1TX6Qf/psU6aHfbekHHIQTTImKW0KBR38bPPGphSM4HGV2BBPwGDX9Lf6wfC+AbpaLeDL2wQuVRviNEk1z4eTC9yLs1QH9bEOgv+tvQhPVTEdZH+xALrqPJd6VdGFO4jqt4OpOpob1OEgSPaLrbN7pqY9jbXlEjlc+XBYHYj8cB+OvuePvHYyfHz1+78A3+8Yf+V3ePCsfPD999cuBNq75wfDj3WxAPfzxur6x/HIDDcfKFw52/8uivnTv90rkXm8n3Hb8D4PRLL/Jw+sqjy3/NuR8I4Hdex3/23L8D4PP4PQA3Nh55Lw/98bhvTpP3doSrbUx+kr84Ty79ZcS535vDsaxHnnsyOVk579hzPxhAeyj341zmtNtcarnuxXn9OeSb82V7Wp9Xp9X5dUS0P51e9/bSytnXYy6lfTuPP/eDAVxuzu3IZ9lu0stkmx4m6zGXfdhfykm/N5NmRHLdLIfuPNnGB7bJP03Xl/49m7T7fJKf/ziA29O5Gw3g/nBcvu85I/YpfuJl+WR56SfLMV55HNaXsec+rrd/Layce5gMfx7Ay3I98iIOP7vzennYLLfl5w8+/2Uux2Ewx35oRsCXmoU/96h4clxu+sEem6E9/nEAJ6exYWRzOsn/Cf+PiJjy6OMJX4x5jSd51Ohz41p43nHnfpYx/+4y5nk8AXwC+ATwCeATwCeATwCfAD4BfAL4BPAJ4BPAJ4D/5wD+D79cDlyCE/2KAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Image tutorial

![Artist
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Artist tutorial

![Styling with
cycler](data:image/png;base64,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)

Styling with cycler

![Constrained Layout
Guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Constrained Layout Guide

![Tight Layout
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tight Layout guide

![Transformations
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Transformations Tutorial

![Specifying
Colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Specifying Colors

![Colormap
Normalization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Colormap Normalization

![Text in Matplotlib
Plots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text in Matplotlib Plots

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_title.html

