# matplotlib.axes.Axes.tricontourf

Axes.tricontourf(*args, **kwargs)[source]

    
Draw contour regions on an unstructured triangular grid.

The triangulation can be specified in one of two ways; either

    
    tricontourf(triangulation, ...)
    
where triangulation is a `Triangulation` object, or

    
    tricontourf(x, y, ...)
    tricontourf(x, y, triangles, ...)
    tricontourf(x, y, triangles=triangles, ...)
    tricontourf(x, y, mask=mask, ...)
    tricontourf(x, y, triangles, mask=mask, ...)
    
in which case a `Triangulation` object will be created. See that class'
docstring for an explanation of these cases.

The remaining arguments may be:

    
    tricontourf(..., Z)
    
where Z is the array of values to contour, one per point in the triangulation.
The level values are chosen automatically.

    
    tricontourf(..., Z, levels)
    
contour up to levels+1 automatically chosen contour levels (levels intervals).

    
    tricontourf(..., Z, levels)
    
draw contour regions at the values specified in sequence levels, which must be
in increasing order.

    
    tricontourf(Z, **kwargs)
    
Use keyword arguments to control colors, linewidth, origin, cmap ... see below
for more details.

Parameters

    
triangulation`Triangulation`, optional

    
The unstructured triangular grid.

If specified, then x, y, triangles, and mask are not accepted.

x, yarray-like, optional

    
The coordinates of the values in Z.

triangles(ntri, 3) array-like of int, optional

    
For each triangle, the indices of the three points that make up the triangle,
ordered in an anticlockwise manner. If not specified, the Delaunay
triangulation is calculated.

mask(ntri,) array-like of bool, optional

    
Which triangles are masked out.

Z2D array-like

    
The height values over which the contour is drawn.

levelsint or array-like, optional

    
Determines the number and positions of the contour lines / regions.

If an int n, use `MaxNLocator`, which tries to automatically choose no more
than n+1 "nice" contour levels between vmin and vmax.

If array-like, draw contour lines at the specified levels. The values must be
in increasing order.

Returns

    
`TriContourSet`

Other Parameters

    
colorscolor string or sequence of colors, optional

    
The colors of the levels, i.e., the contour regions.

The sequence is cycled for the levels in ascending order. If the sequence is
shorter than the number of levels, it's repeated.

As a shortcut, single color strings may be used in place of one-element lists,
i.e. `'red'` instead of `['red']` to color all levels with the same color.
This shortcut does only work for color strings, not for other ways of
specifying colors.

By default (value None), the colormap specified by cmap will be used.

alphafloat, default: 1

    
The alpha blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).

cmapstr or `Colormap`, default: `rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default:
`'viridis'`)

    
A `Colormap` instance or registered colormap name. The colormap maps the level
values to colors.

If both colors and cmap are given, an error is raised.

norm`Normalize`, optional

    
If a colormap is used, the `Normalize` instance scales the level values to the
canonical colormap range [0, 1] for mapping to colors. If not given, the
default linear scaling is used.

vmin, vmaxfloat, optional

    
If not None, either or both of these values will be supplied to the
`Normalize` instance, overriding the default color scaling based on levels.

origin{None, 'upper', 'lower', 'image'}, default: None

    
Determines the orientation and exact position of Z by specifying the position
of `Z[0, 0]`. This is only relevant, if X, Y are not given.

  * None: `Z[0, 0]` is at X=0, Y=0 in the lower left corner.
  * 'lower': `Z[0, 0]` is at X=0.5, Y=0.5 in the lower left corner.
  * 'upper': `Z[0, 0]` is at X=N+0.5, Y=0.5 in the upper left corner.
  * 'image': Use the value from `rcParams["image.origin"]` (default: `'upper'`).

extent(x0, x1, y0, y1), optional

    
If origin is not None, then extent is interpreted as in `imshow`: it gives the
outer pixel boundaries. In this case, the position of Z[0, 0] is the center of
the pixel, not a corner. If origin is None, then (x0, y0) is the position of
Z[0, 0], and (x1, y1) is the position of Z[-1, -1].

This argument is ignored if X and Y are specified in the call to contour.

locatorticker.Locator subclass, optional

    
The locator is used to determine the contour levels if they are not given
explicitly via levels. Defaults to `MaxNLocator`.

extend{'neither', 'both', 'min', 'max'}, default: 'neither'

    
Determines the `tricontourf`-coloring of values that are outside the levels
range.

If 'neither', values outside the levels range are not colored. If 'min', 'max'
or 'both', color the values below, above or below and above the levels range.

Values below `min(levels)` and above `max(levels)` are mapped to the
under/over values of the `Colormap`. Note that most colormaps do not have
dedicated colors for these by default, so that the over and under values are
the edge values of the colormap. You may want to set these values explicitly
using `Colormap.set_under` and `Colormap.set_over`.

Note

An existing `TriContourSet` does not get notified if properties of its
colormap are changed. Therefore, an explicit call to `ContourSet.changed()` is
needed after modifying the colormap. The explicit call can be left out, if a
colorbar is assigned to the `TriContourSet` because it internally calls
`ContourSet.changed()`.

xunits, yunitsregistered units, optional

    
Override axis units by specifying an instance of a
`matplotlib.units.ConversionInterface`.

antialiasedbool, optional

    
Enable antialiasing, overriding the defaults. For filled contours, the default
is True. For line contours, it is taken from `rcParams["lines.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`).

hatcheslist[str], optional

    
A list of cross hatch patterns to use on the filled areas. If None, no
hatching will be added to the contour. Hatching is supported in the
PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

#### Notes

`tricontourf` fills intervals that are closed at the top; that is, for
boundaries z1 and z2, the filled region is:

    
    z1 < Z <= z2
    
except for the lowest interval, which is closed on both sides (i.e. it
includes the lowest value).

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.tricontourf`

![Contour plot of irregularly spaced
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour plot of irregularly spaced data

![Tricontour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tricontour Demo

![Tricontour Smooth
User](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tricontour Smooth User

![Triangular 3D filled contour
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Triangular 3D filled contour plot

![tricontourf\(x, y,
z\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

tricontourf(x, y, z)

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.tricontourf.html

