# matplotlib.pyplot.contourf

matplotlib.pyplot.contourf(*args, data=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
Plot filled contours.

Call signature:

    
    contourf([X, Y,] Z, [levels], **kwargs)
    
`contour` and `contourf` draw contour lines and filled contours, respectively.
Except as noted, function signatures and return values are the same for both
versions.

Parameters

    
X, Yarray-like, optional

    
The coordinates of the values in Z.

X and Y must both be 2D with the same shape as Z (e.g. created via
`numpy.meshgrid`), or they must both be 1-D such that `len(X) == N` is the
number of columns in Z and `len(Y) == M` is the number of rows in Z.

X and Y must both be ordered monotonically.

If not given, they are assumed to be integer indices, i.e. `X = range(N)`, `Y
= range(M)`.

Z(M, N) array-like

    
The height values over which the contour is drawn.

levelsint or array-like, optional

    
Determines the number and positions of the contour lines / regions.

If an int n, use `MaxNLocator`, which tries to automatically choose no more
than n+1 "nice" contour levels between vmin and vmax.

If array-like, draw contour lines at the specified levels. The values must be
in increasing order.

Returns

    
`QuadContourSet`

Other Parameters

    
corner_maskbool, default: `rcParams["contour.corner_mask"]` (default: `True`)

    
Enable/disable corner masking, which only has an effect if Z is a masked
array. If `False`, any quad touching a masked point is masked out. If `True`,
only the triangular corners of quads nearest those points are always masked
out, other triangular corners comprising three unmasked points are contoured
as usual.

colorscolor string or sequence of colors, optional

    
The colors of the levels, i.e. the lines for `contour` and the areas for
`contourf`.

The sequence is cycled for the levels in ascending order. If the sequence is
shorter than the number of levels, it's repeated.

As a shortcut, single color strings may be used in place of one-element lists,
i.e. `'red'` instead of `['red']` to color all levels with the same color.
This shortcut does only work for color strings, not for other ways of
specifying colors.

By default (value None), the colormap specified by cmap will be used.

alphafloat, default: 1

    
The alpha blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).

cmapstr or `Colormap`, default: `rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default:
`'viridis'`)

    
A `Colormap` instance or registered colormap name. The colormap maps the level
values to colors.

If both colors and cmap are given, an error is raised.

norm`Normalize`, optional

    
If a colormap is used, the `Normalize` instance scales the level values to the
canonical colormap range [0, 1] for mapping to colors. If not given, the
default linear scaling is used.

vmin, vmaxfloat, optional

    
If not None, either or both of these values will be supplied to the
`Normalize` instance, overriding the default color scaling based on levels.

origin{None, 'upper', 'lower', 'image'}, default: None

    
Determines the orientation and exact position of Z by specifying the position
of `Z[0, 0]`. This is only relevant, if X, Y are not given.

  * None: `Z[0, 0]` is at X=0, Y=0 in the lower left corner.
  * 'lower': `Z[0, 0]` is at X=0.5, Y=0.5 in the lower left corner.
  * 'upper': `Z[0, 0]` is at X=N+0.5, Y=0.5 in the upper left corner.
  * 'image': Use the value from `rcParams["image.origin"]` (default: `'upper'`).

extent(x0, x1, y0, y1), optional

    
If origin is not None, then extent is interpreted as in `imshow`: it gives the
outer pixel boundaries. In this case, the position of Z[0, 0] is the center of
the pixel, not a corner. If origin is None, then (x0, y0) is the position of
Z[0, 0], and (x1, y1) is the position of Z[-1, -1].

This argument is ignored if X and Y are specified in the call to contour.

locatorticker.Locator subclass, optional

    
The locator is used to determine the contour levels if they are not given
explicitly via levels. Defaults to `MaxNLocator`.

extend{'neither', 'both', 'min', 'max'}, default: 'neither'

    
Determines the `contourf`-coloring of values that are outside the levels
range.

If 'neither', values outside the levels range are not colored. If 'min', 'max'
or 'both', color the values below, above or below and above the levels range.

Values below `min(levels)` and above `max(levels)` are mapped to the
under/over values of the `Colormap`. Note that most colormaps do not have
dedicated colors for these by default, so that the over and under values are
the edge values of the colormap. You may want to set these values explicitly
using `Colormap.set_under` and `Colormap.set_over`.

Note

An existing `QuadContourSet` does not get notified if properties of its
colormap are changed. Therefore, an explicit call `QuadContourSet.changed()`
is needed after modifying the colormap. The explicit call can be left out, if
a colorbar is assigned to the `QuadContourSet` because it internally calls
`QuadContourSet.changed()`.

Example:

    
    x = np.arange(1, 10)
    y = x.reshape(-1, 1)
    h = x * y
    
    cs = plt.contourf(h, levels=[10, 30, 50],
        colors=['#808080', '#A0A0A0', '#C0C0C0'], extend='both')
    cs.cmap.set_over('red')
    cs.cmap.set_under('blue')
    cs.changed()
    
xunits, yunitsregistered units, optional

    
Override axis units by specifying an instance of a
`matplotlib.units.ConversionInterface`.

antialiasedbool, optional

    
Enable antialiasing, overriding the defaults. For filled contours, the default
is True. For line contours, it is taken from `rcParams["lines.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`).

nchunkint >= 0, optional

    
If 0, no subdivision of the domain. Specify a positive integer to divide the
domain into subdomains of nchunk by nchunk quads. Chunking reduces the maximum
length of polygons generated by the contouring algorithm which reduces the
rendering workload passed on to the backend and also requires slightly less
RAM. It can however introduce rendering artifacts at chunk boundaries
depending on the backend, the antialiased flag and value of alpha.

linewidthsfloat or array-like, default: `rcParams["contour.linewidth"]`
(default: `None`)

    
Only applies to `contour`.

The line width of the contour lines.

If a number, all levels will be plotted with this linewidth.

If a sequence, the levels in ascending order will be plotted with the
linewidths in the order specified.

If None, this falls back to `rcParams["lines.linewidth"]` (default: `1.5`).

linestyles{None, 'solid', 'dashed', 'dashdot', 'dotted'}, optional

    
Only applies to `contour`.

If linestyles is None, the default is 'solid' unless the lines are monochrome.
In that case, negative contours will take their linestyle from
`rcParams["contour.negative_linestyle"]` (default: `'dashed'`) setting.

linestyles can also be an iterable of the above strings specifying a set of
linestyles to be used. If this iterable is shorter than the number of contour
levels it will be repeated as necessary.

hatcheslist[str], optional

    
Only applies to `contourf`.

A list of cross hatch patterns to use on the filled areas. If None, no
hatching will be added to the contour. Hatching is supported in the
PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, all parameters also accept a string `s`, which is interpreted as
`data[s]` (unless this raises an exception).

#### Notes

  1. `contourf` differs from the MATLAB version in that it does not draw the polygon edges. To draw edges, add line contours with calls to `contour`.
  2. `contourf` fills intervals that are closed at the top; that is, for boundaries z1 and z2, the filled region is:
        z1 < Z <= z2
    
except for the lowest interval, which is closed on both sides (i.e. it
includes the lowest value).

  3. `contour` and `contourf` use a marching squares algorithm to compute contour locations. More information can be found in the source `src/_contour.h`.

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.contourf.html

