# matplotlib.pyplot.margins

matplotlib.pyplot.margins(*margins, x=None, y=None, tight=True)[source]

    
Set or retrieve autoscaling margins.

The padding added to each limit of the Axes is the margin times the data
interval. All input parameters must be floats within the range [0, 1]. Passing
both positional and keyword arguments is invalid and will raise a TypeError.
If no arguments (positional or otherwise) are provided, the current margins
will remain in place and simply be returned.

Specifying any margin changes only the autoscaling; for example, if xmargin is
not None, then xmargin times the X data interval will be added to each end of
that interval before it is used in autoscaling.

Parameters

    
*marginsfloat, optional
    
If a single positional argument is provided, it specifies both margins of the
x-axis and y-axis limits. If two positional arguments are provided, they will
be interpreted as xmargin, ymargin. If setting the margin on a single axis is
desired, use the keyword arguments described below.

x, yfloat, optional

    
Specific margin values for the x-axis and y-axis, respectively. These cannot
be used with positional arguments, but can be used individually to alter on
e.g., only the y-axis.

tightbool or None, default: True

    
The tight parameter is passed to `autoscale_view()`, which is executed after a
margin is changed; the default here is True, on the assumption that when
margins are specified, no additional padding to match tick marks is usually
desired. Set tight to None will preserve the previous setting.

Returns

    
xmargin, ymarginfloat

#### Notes

If a previously used Axes method such as `pcolor()` has set `use_sticky_edges`
to `True`, only the limits not set by the "sticky artists" will be modified.
To force all of the margins to be set, set `use_sticky_edges` to `False`
before calling `margins()`.

## Examples using `matplotlib.pyplot.margins`

![Rotating custom tick
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rotating custom tick labels

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.margins.html

