# matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_xlabel

Axes.set_xlabel(xlabel, fontdict=None, labelpad=None, *, loc=None,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Set the label for the x-axis.

Parameters

    
xlabelstr

    
The label text.

labelpadfloat, default: `rcParams["axes.labelpad"]` (default: `4.0`)

    
Spacing in points from the Axes bounding box including ticks and tick labels.
If None, the previous value is left as is.

loc{'left', 'center', 'right'}, default: `rcParams["xaxis.labellocation"]`
(default: `'center'`)

    
The label position. This is a high-level alternative for passing parameters x
and horizontalalignment.

Other Parameters

    
**kwargs`Text` properties

    
`Text` properties control the appearance of the label.

See also

`text`

    
Documents the properties supported by `Text`.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_xlabel`

![Bar Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar Label Demo

![Horizontal bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Horizontal bar chart

![Broken
Barh](data:image/png;base64,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)

Broken Barh

![CSD
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

CSD Demo

![Fill Between and
Alpha](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Between and Alpha

![Filling the area between
lines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Filling the area between lines

![Fill Betweenx
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Betweenx Demo

![Hatch-filled
histograms](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz+/v37+vqdnZ3/pVZrvGv//v7///9in8riZ2ienp7v7+9uwW719fXpamvt7e3b29vf3t6xsbHp6en/qVf/o1Fencqzs7PhYWLkY2WoqKhpu2lmvGj/q1qmpqb6/P5kpNH/pVQCAQD8/Pz/p1eAstVjoc7iZmfL4O6Njo6Tk5PmaGo+cD/iY2Rov2xEdkNtv23Nzc2LP0Bbm8heoM//+vrGx8blZWhuxG/T09LrjI3/rmbm5uZgn8tMiE35+Pj85+d2xHv43d300tM5aDpPjlByxnPX19c0V3CKior1+PfodXiqTU5kuWZboVyurq6Xl5eEhYWYzZXofn/ynVHCwsKcRUYvTWJ5MjO7VVWcnJyrq6tYnVleqF+3t7ekSUlEcJDxt7fr7Ov1w4/JgkP+vIDx8vFJgkpvwXPolk42YjfrhoehoaH/tXPbkUv98/LAwaTDWFm6u7vi4uK+e0DunqDjcG+9vr7z9fKPzY/5oVTupaaamprjamt+x4Ldzp+kpKT9pFXLXF30wcHUikftl5ieZjTYr6GEUVE+ZYDZX2Gkz53Xx7boZGfpbHB8e3tjsGSIsGs7YXu0dDx4TCfryJUyWzP+9/aBPTtrqNMSDAYjPiP5ycnyz8xOfZ+QXC9HLReFVi0lFww2IxKqbjhnQiNNXzv87+xWNhx4rtTG0aArTiuvyJ9UiK3go5yIyomlxNhdmcKUu9ZSk1Pc7tu10Z/kqFqnp6fB5MLurKxkZGO6c2Kyws3tyKOlpqV3t2vBgWeRpGpXj7eCn7BhnsjXbWm837u3kU9qvWv1qF47Oiaw2a7xsrP45dCWgF9yh09wc3NblL3epnLT48zKx8B6mmEXKSFkdUSYuGdvnr5HTy/Krl+vpVzd18Xil5OffUS9ydGsjm6AbUy6jmvU2LZwXDnE2OaalFT9yZzjw6fw0rglNDvYdW5Xl1Zai06znXvYubnjx8dTST+rpZjn8PfZ6fRld4LMoHe6lJRMY3KOqISUlHyma1quw5jokV62cUuj+3xBAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmm9sE+cZwHsXkpf4cjn/UWLnD2nTA9I7COUIdjAxvQRSnezg2k50GcStaY3iZYppwF5iRxhwQWhoIXX5UP6sIL6RdVQlokwJkaCrBAgNoiJV2z6BJnWrWAQSleg0Tfuw9z3bSSBO7MR24lT3O+fknCznyc/P+z7v855feUVGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRkZGRuZnB5BJC1mgLFAW+DMWiC05OR/aXAKDjCJviVGwYsLQyBwIzaxJJlATXvqPWWlLGJrbu/Sh2ZRJBZZnfwrByLmggUqdWGDV0gQ0BQa0OSHQ7SGDsZCCLx0k6dEsvkCKeDkQnsT5yfDIWLgUkRsCMXfCy7ykFv43MwXiKk9WBc4MSAiKnCX+Cw1rB+2HgVM5I/CHNf++GuUnlAABk0bUPOCAkmGIRAIptZmA5+wJLLC8EQdp02jNdgfbYQ5iRgPPCVoHAcKMGtAJBdI+p0UdCgZYysCqACDSE6j/z6Pe3t6DPUkEXv3F+6V1daXw5wd4wWZWRRysww9sRjWXSCAwRAhgZEPS8yECy3wG/rSytA4ddWufwwBZnyOsVXi9OBnx+SKRkILHGZKZRaAwFjZ2iAo7F2KNduBXe9MTuGl3mU5XOJREIPP+2lIJSaBJwUZcRoYCAVtImUgg6TerAGa6iZ6/Ov6dPisCo/FIAhmjQ82F1GqMNjhYRnQ5MZoxsLMIFBmt3SYwXg1jp1hgcqUlsEB/Yve6wpq+ZAKHP4/zBrygrBKEKpVBBLzThyUSqAn78PgcmB2Bz9fEeY6SyusT/JypnKBdakLtcpdrgKDwzyKQYlnBblZ6zYLTDBewVJpDODWBYI6ug5q7CmdFIIa9GmeO+SGxQMCTgA8C2gMwIv0iUhAVmGwOnHNNsRQCU3oZndUqPPTjjzsg7UjgoWcX0PPG5SsQBx5+cQUWnG/fM6jTDW6CAguLz6JSovtgVoFD4+MGkRsfHxel3pLEAQlcQUCyQgoCr+mBXp9hgQX6OAXoAuE1MHkGDoM9CuBpJUcDrgPLcgaeb99ZDNVFBW46AM9zCHxc8qvfvf771dUfvq6Q6pjSZtaOBQBe7ksucHhi4t71YxkuIo37YnSi6VvLRMxMiHngsTA2JWsPPXADwkFmPQPnJ/Diry9+VP3hxQl4gWN9Y3lOFqkUkwtc86+9Vx5dz7TA6pIoq6FAzEyYtZzCJgI8HLY7QiMB+BqWz6kMXNUQZdU4WjWwYa9XsIvA4oCfcwoC+x/dz7TAWDwN+1AGlrMOH1clMh5c6wiwWrRENY6JuSRQfyYOmswsGrhK5nkK0BoNvSQCMawnDiZFyOM0j7lxQHmAxw0oHng0RC4JTKcKZ0VgDixjFlXgl7LAmXjgml6gUhA4PHFk4uHodxfub8+eQI5yGTx4vNWAS0KTMqeWMaP9rVf+0trf33o4IO0e+f0u05gB+NVmT3KBm0+WNPzRevjRbO+/kCISHI2DtrP8TgfrYO0OD8YFLCKnjlCYqFDnksD/nm4+/ddmyOUwvKBmpO0sEwBBlkxFYHXGBV7Lt1YirBtRo86KjiqX4uYI2s7SRiKhKpiLLl8uCRx4572np9+DvI22qEx5TMQlMBqgiXDYkgmMIglkDBG0neWkaUOEZUQfFKhmPLkk8Nqd0TtfjI7eGb2HAlLZVEqnnxOBKs/FL43A4J0Yo0EUkFNUaYwatQcL+Eifj1C7gc0p5FYRgS0nlnoVprM8B6ZXhbE0Be549uzYsWO9MwVeH0JQWNrLGL/dCwuhZyQqcBu398Y/Bu590HvBghhqbGwcKlg6gSaHy89oKXaECClI+F7zFljQ3d6O9mFmCFy36WhfX9+hE5a0BdK8gwDKcEdUYOm5c8OdsOna97i16XDTwFb4N45nWqAFuMkUBfojtg4hZDfczPM5ORA03pz3n9+6Zw9SN0Ng8dmj9TU1tYkENu7YcUHaPrxgknaPeEBgTgpQYWfCORCvEuGLOG9M4La6q/tKYPffecVaYe3vrq3RbU1XIN0T7y2l2UKTF2BCoogDngAkL8Anhg7jLAIxPvTApGCNTruo5oAQUmRSIDyXJRJ4UFd7dFeZTld2ACW8z6wcMdtQt85FqEQCjQ9s8E2I2BxYurIUClyxAgqszK9s7a4trE1XIGhsa2uRjja0C2xjIgwbYiMe0mwTGCYEoyK84VkEajpCnLnKz3SYWNazoNuaCxJYdnRXfW1t/QEn8mPXjnnVaDtLBReDiYoIhk8rItkQuL1GF+VQ4wvbWU4F6/A64WofV+fNloEkhr4UgGPSDfiFFJEFCLzf0vbkRBvktkvaznKWK4SOAPDfZKnky5iowOrqDA5hlIFRuqMZyASMTgPjwdVmA6s2Mm7gC2mztoxZgEBMr9fjaAMdR1MOTsDMx+kgoAkcpCYQFpGGkk6piBxvaWnpTXcZQ595YQ700BhGgyB8WADpkW45ECCXBKa1G1O6ctvnw8PDEyUNexGPJ74YGLiHeNh7PMr2eWfg5JJirpdhOSIQaHh8DjTJBaKvEcB+JLYN/2mXtVJqw/av09UidPO9Y+K24KlA5opAnpoLMgWBEChwhUTJp00V+YgN+z+uKUTozs/zP8ApikjhoPBFEVhcX59EYDJSErh2doG150G2yLrAvkvfnvrm1Ddnsy8wkxmYSwLffHfLhg1FZxclAyWQwMoNEvs/rpcoW8YCn1x6WmG1fr0IArf9/STkRkN1yd4/xHj4mxgPr0Hc23dMo3F5CKy//dnl5ubm9buyL3DlttdeW7t5uAEO5FUxjjR1bZGOro3wMdBWWzOJ7vqyEFhfD4fwxooKlIGwlGRXIKJOEhij5EhXxV0EnBIr8q0DbdEZMTot5rzA+j/97dtTECgw/+7X/9z95PbtJ9kXWDpdYPWRrvwpKpeZwMHvf/k2LB9bkMD8ovXvoPOlxc3AFwVal6HAIijtzXeLJIFFd+9uubQYGSg1IzGBGyonqagcaIn2JdHm5OAyEPiW9ZNPrOu/Qufmp+i8GBm4txOyrzoqsLV/kiuVA71bp+iG3Z0+ARkSiE3dGFmowOL/XUb1t/mz01PnP2dMoE8Lpu6JTBO48pz0xfCHUYENnVPc6OqCFqc9+geut83gfiYECg7B7DQxCg1rDy7oS+aJh3B+fgaHsNIBP1rRO1PgrdJbt25tPrk6VoengO0JGsexB/yxNj3STVvXRBc3vRkQSHkZVpXHGsvtARsHKEN4Hm93Zmiop6fnJYHZKCI4i27W5s0UGOvqVq94icn+bpKKw1+WFb7E/GfGBAI5x1hE1WHnRkI+KFAIz+eeyNadO1v6+oqzL1AcUyYewrMJ/GjxBALeKTA2DROm7CFynvdEuve0F9fUFO/cWbxu8Pu3vtqycSNcxhTBMxzC8Hzpt8WDg4Mn/s/e2cY0laVxPGChCIURuSCkvW5o7mwD9BW1FJF2YFoIw1AcKBPF4kYplla5o8Awmapox1qN6Aym3c4KMW15SRgwg/GFWQffPjAjsmbYxEUN6jKZzMY1cUh2Pu3HPefeFlp6LwJ9kZj9i/8Y4ofml+e5//ucc+7tH4IHmNKSQBkiXoCesfg1Fbiwg3mhARhECu//8GMwg3yRm/vFoUM/ifSddXWdSlUdcCPpv/wE9PvhG0D/fS8cKewFSI5ymF8FNs5LTAJM+nKBclYFwJzHQ0N8INK7HT5uhD5xBu527bgYPoCFl6U1QNL61PkKbDjmo+vjAGDj9YMBen5iD5XoTx6GA2DeeZWqhMUqkV+FLlLLoNdB50MHjQyuNrwd74cP4FjaZqgLt1J9ShD2dCr5FzsmJJpYuFCcS1+mU2pPZAHK5TA+AkOEXwdcGH6Anjr0A+ijTGxQGEMpzqVy3loK0W+qvM0A4+gAMlY9QJUc5q/ek8KyuRTm1wFn/b8CXwdwSiSqU6vr+IQb5fPuUKmBpldBBRLLC5QABRlQAt4bBAhTWMTni0jvdhBuJJ1M4UhV4PN6jLICGcc6gNoDCXI6Dn9Lqs2PoOABPHQ4p0/eWAp3RiaFvWF84Wc0k5JgQVNBQUMHJ7AExe3tRfBPx36BXwkebfPR0cM0ABWKdVFvU4jEpd2kBsiAJ5GaqigAxrAJVVQtAEi75OAHsHL9V/lvFcBCOoCQITVATysvBOh/RaQDuCFLmh/6FFYTKVwn86awbBVUYHgARm1IkIQE4BSfr9Zq1XwRdKMeukNOuEoLNB3JCkzNpAdYAZqVGiC7itwCXR7A5O+zs7eFKoWBhhyEG6F3k66EPhG5Cvy5qYCuBlObOopAYtBV4Mny6urq8uUBjC2tjU95m1I4buzdy5frae4FGSg8S3isiLIG2UXwPqfj7FHKGuSVw3OHJwKvgbWS5A9CHiJ8rQwo1CGyTRLlfXfWIgDjxjZdoAWY6Vnop6lBTgWH4z2cFEAwPV3gKUM/gLs+OgJaOLFyQ8oBqeJ2s6JyffQy90QgwDw/gOIXzyaHHM9EIQCYuLul0vPqkcSsNbuZiuTjrwMYl/YNLUDqZVZfCekA+vSxH0DJxgOghaPzPyqr2X57d+2uXfH5zJTPlvPqp3/+6eNXr175tvAdFHH3u3SPQ7CcFXXk993eAqzde8T78rFVBHCbZLsEftyyrxKOlyWvz5I0S5nJlcsAGHtHabyqUl01kq4EPnsf0yBmzbQI/mZID1w1fSZvZRXY7FOBtzcwmQnfvUGAAgqA0gPwfXd7K7N3ZR3Jz8ouzcpKWeaeyJTRIdfr5Q7SlcBnLRqMgaHTfPibIZEeaOLMD0DBXQOTP4teQogsDjCTgWXSAhwnzxfSXAPh0QYKgC3bYYtEtyQwUz5gpiQy31n2u7M+V8lh88IWlj2Z/tdTIJfTZDbdF3WWCGUlIiKFlZ13gIwPw5/CcZuuPG+gA0gs8g82UqdwI7HAf4omhfefACoOBBgvPSBZYQp/XVycXFxcPKzSw/iAISLTc7kDGksvcJOu59HQ46cvHN0wRGKUnfDEmfFaBACm3SygH0Xq24XCcZob6aJvz+UkJeUsdvmLjQ0c5eJhC68IYHHGztwcHu+8D0ARl9uHIHYutxVF+rlcHZbp4naSAOFHVJ56sGfPg6Xtza14EnkNQNrrHwCYsYJZuKa0Zt1KAebtzE1au/b81bkWLpHb+20I4rT36xDEbR+wIJh9ArYwS8kGJlaOLn1vLlwVGGqAQbSwB+Ck0aGSy1VGo0quf4FgJgwzocAZJpRhQhhmN18O1K0nfDQHZnFYARZuiizAdzY2R4UKoEr+AkxLuAFhMBBcgzAwxGJC3aJZ+ezsUKQApqXRACSfaKIC6DlMWFGyACBP4KP0k6FfkfZr4TuTk3e02mdmk8Fl10B3Qu+1ajQj+MTMyIiYbOG8MAMce/fKFQkVQHjsrb6h4VYgwMYqjzr8AfLatvqeLXwQPoAwRManDQYQvi4DDiNYo+uBQdwKvB+z9XC77CNEk4QfYKG0qakJo2zeqmGgdnFA/Q0frt5Pyn93TrA11k/hBci5x0CtIIJR1A0jGAVBrCOCGEewAW6XIVIAN/8jM5XyJtBcXwSXAgMbmD281XsK2P8GULA13Ltyvi0svMdA+tx2G4Ja3fZWEMROuw7B3M5+HMPszn4D0cKsSADEaHZE6mnmD87wVuqFaPon4EMMcJIY5UClmVCEiGDoZhDEIIK9bh6B85w+/CFCC9BMB5D95gESiwkjOI7CCAaOoRYDdB0MYtKRGbkKKPIAM71avAJ5FEqPFECihcefDgzgJhPu6sdNGrzXbjADdwK39FiB63rZ4U/hP14AWgDQ+1LPAvTf3vxtLPHX5wDgUQrxIgYQhoh4gsvtJYNYg/eQszCIYHNrF5drR2xdXeywh0jazVsvX76s97/wDV6fk2cJofHsqQWqFrRdLKbQe2EHeA4CzCMAsn4hIthJRLAbRjAMYguCwghGMFcEAILunXvcZn7pj8Mht8053v3MklMZC8TjtVFO57FhT+G2nbltbW1EC5fMOJ1gCu5zukEEW61uMAs7rXYLhrmtdhwzu2dYRAvfTUpKylkhwGji/VuLAUQyl7B2CgDCiMjz/hC3zMt7DpYC4N74ysTK+MTd2xNqsluWCrBUZOyGW5YOuKGJo6gZhi9qRoAjwBnQQa5gwLEREbHFefpDoIH/rAhgyt9Lmb5vLgoOoP/METRAxb6s5uPN8bXSNdmSWqZi3ZK+NuaaVm9Ua7VTjx9PTc6OAFQ6IoJJbyWCuFUD3aZBRuDuunboN8IfLhugQiKVRO/KZy62J/JGATJr1kvW52dtbMk6krIdfMo1SwLIUotkYvE9jRnvH7BoNBbXgMWksfTCILb02nGzQdfjJtyJj4yzZCyhks0Si2OMKwAorZEqaqVw6fw2BcBC+DUqm6UegD6PKoHxg+OniorGU4GnoY8GDTD5+8q92WXJtWWl35VJl7qteW1cK2KNsydwjWthBFuICNZ1wVmYCOL797ofPZrBzwtBlKwAILFulHUgmnpfuPCbm1BnPXcw9X+e069FVZd89bcff/zrxcMBuvFJsACjE/ZGKRKZ0fuYUfuWHCIEwJiKGdCjXK4VhbOwzRvEZASDWdiAEUGMYS5ujwZ7EgRA+hQeu9IA3yqPek4fDBbNqVF4sNxXxfBbYJjBKvgU3rLla8WWLddkahGYgmcYSKvVCiLYZrWCCO7rc4Ip2NrntAC3OXGM4bS5DZgJOuOJEGSx8SF8X5ZiS8gAkq8h8zyklIkOeu5coMQHcwQ8QYb3531mKBQ8wBvlP5yuLh/lO7pFfD4OAxdkhccx4AhwhHSz598M6OgkPO77aBTUwqvTn4awApt8bv/QQZ/gGD+Y47PGwlstAD9NP/SXnIxRtdxYp1aPWHQogKfTERFsmY9g27wjfSaAEOubggfOh0bPCXhndpwMaQXOT79+AIWrFGDGodykvLsyLZHCA706jUbnculMYOYdAN7a068zGVp77BazobXLDdzW5bQw8L6u38D/j1HePbd2bYgAjhFfYwYAzgvzbWE2bOE5CVYZQDFMYXIKhkHs0hiI5eiFQWxHYBC70b4uLjyAxA4lwAvE16pdbmI0zanh13ZCw4TO+oXIKgQYw/ofe+cD1dR1x/EmJ/AiGCHmgYqkTeCd2BeUIzPyZ4cskeYsQQ8zeMKJw+FhNM0Kc6ENobAIQzRmE0XBcKyCIH8CsrbszLXTo5XyJ1hEOwq0IghTQSk7Yx1dPdNj7Z/dm5Dw5z0h/FFA9wvncc8l7+a+T373fu/vPe69t6wSbLbGwkZ7LAwkuMCvUAOFuNAmxAooxA6AmXMEMMi6euCr2G+u2h9s/HL//ptWe8WfSqX6i5LH2sYF1oShCv/0ltlkwlCdyaRDMZPODCTY3Nrf19HRrzMasGyjyqixHqEQq/JDrRHxnHkg79BIu33tt1G+q+G8/k1/WrkOzptZ51h8zHXMC1lIAAOgCgNR1bCB0GIYCo8tmg5o3RyhQMBrAboB9IMNJRiFQozaVLjo24C5AmhfvQ0A9J3wcHdBr95mBbjkUu/grd5Pr7fAKFjHBqMVnaFZ1kQXCoVW5ziQyMWA33ExthFGxKhRgdIa4N4Dxz4MmDsPfCzABb1+YGouAJibY0rk6qorTIkKU2mFSaEwVZS2egvtt4ePHrBYLCUWywONsbBAxTUYC8tU2V2hoaGBSfW5IbnPtwf+vv7bgfr6P5Rr9JVWCa6GEgyFWMkZ5ccRCIQ8gcASfWBIVnIPCrERbX63qKi5ubehoeHaje9mDRD0E4e4XNh/AIC2/7pabe0DZ7SG6tMEeND3Z2tDQ39SwGar/PxOsWEs3PbRRxeUByy8UX4jgb5AcDSew+lmg1hYj3Er/Mq9QEQcGBiVtG22AHm3P/+81uvVrHeysrL2HXrjjbsffAZeEftGTLzAAS4NvGbCMINJBY4qnaqGEy/jcQj86Dy6LJ5DF1r0ZoM5EVOYDUYFiIhd1ufNGqDwRC0X43KzXgdfx7ZfhwSE2FyOgjxxmz3AbyTHiiSS66hdfMHREi8bfTw2kR9dYAFvgaKMYiAi7pdIJEmd12YP0ItrW63NOkvrCbbZuffAvC8lUXn5bIMRRsE6ExtD2ybjRxd26+HNhTI9m8amnWrIy8uLOzYHHuhFWygAqVomRStFYoKQ4GDK1PuJ2Jpwvrm03JioMFeUGxWKh968x/Oj82oKdDRVmZ/t+O+l1iYMQwN1squzAKXyFeMm2iwsgC9uTTvHX7FLvjNDHjbJfiJv70692Zea+k2gFaBVgvVfDw0N/XCnm4xf0wg/ABBIMBRiMxScX4W6uORJGg6/teXSj7acdgYgJYGVsNk9moqkSx0TbbxhE+bCJT+tU33XzG8Tlu48x9oRydRGBgdrJ9lPJDlz5Zvbc1c1WAF2GfwKy9hcC+dEvMx7Un50XvvD/th7949e0WNYReEIwFVrQvZuDxA7A5CxY4+Pek8QqGes/aES58Qfa+GONlm/27Rp08EfZ2YumU+A/nuitXJ+DJ8fzMeZk8wTSX4rZO/xZbl2gDqDDgMAgX5M1n5h+oysRCDgcFoVmMKUmB/ochkADFkSsPd4ptjZJpzWBidkjO6pVFt79693z+8Wp6vBSxwhjkieT4BBwYywcETKRDw9JxMRG8CA/qobV6qq+jGowOzJ9XeEn7IEpgUdXCjEZ6Fpvg8JAQCXOQ3QX8RAJu7qdXDLEvGcPOZ4WiqcfDgXeuAP2Xo9pjrFxrhsnbGN3P+aiPwAQK+ybCDE+gIaiuovXbq09/i/nAY4XoVt+8q9tyVTjDx1mwVABojBqhoabpRp9ObSQqNGAYT4oZDnnP+BVGuBX6UO01X6Faiym13q6uIkdR7PFcD01wPjQBBXVK7Byvw6G9u7G2UyobP+BwECIdahQIgLVbTmwMvr8yRLnzeAl+PWLg19t5KNGgqHODwYv9Gd5kfn8a/IHt6711FRXorRzsKAbhYAYR/43eE1iw3g6ri16317dTRMo3ogfJz+Po5fo7LxBEcgeKBT6PS0Ht/VLnGS9TMD+JeLf6/95wcff/bJ+eTFBXBtEoiCk5rZNBqGdjg1fhnHr4YD7888ABExhjYnJcHtcVkzAvjn1945eN4VmR+bEcCNxcXFXxUXd3Vdu9HVdZZtACPoDufHL9A4Nn5Aix+gNHZiQUtPT0/zlZ59sOCT4ukD3LZ742ICeHrJypztK1dlG0sLCwxexgq/Ao1hWu3XwY/Ou2BCzdVAjmnm6sKCnHWr3txOssr9MwdwWW7O8dxlNDOIfzVn+zs7h3TD3vRpt19rMv5C632ZTGmAz0LLcwLAcHrVJ888wPS+vtav+/qwxPLyStTNqr/CmfGjc2qUjRwOx8KFhVV35edfq8r/eAYAUxcVQLVvVNyxqLzsRINC5eUm4Myw/7Pxa+fBe6xemEKlUNVF5f1Cknd1ugD/cffq+cUEkKIeGBioHBg42wLNbZr6O5Yfz8aPLnDzUqAol3s9qSqpSPLo5Mn/fHUywkmAlJc8/yb2f3uRqPAr+1P396XerMTYKLul22rTH/9N9D94kzoWP3Jk167mSnaLgv19zrqfHx+3pvjkHigtjkDmzaYJ8NDgYOuNwVa/ahP3VGk7Tyic7viZzP+s+0mVyDYIhFf8qlVeZdc31X25tu7qMwYQLh3KFL/3flzd9br3OzvvdNzqhFc/+/7Pli5RNvHoTTKlkn/v/tCxT3sHBx+JxRERYtsMocUKMOEc0w6Qcqf+w/qy+sqKUi9UUdHO49ncbpr8eOT+N8IP/AbBHSd+qHygpUUHZL5/oG9YRAqQtQMuPrbgAWak4dQRgP7y4UfDw8PRlhJL24Ua7w028z4g87anNxw9KrBnn5HFO9LtyhJHukZZ40iXKBuF9nS88syYIjecOdPUtIHf09vb3NtDJQXIiDlCXQQAcREuCsJjrR7435ftdvELR/Jl7Wjyi7Qx6Yuj6du3ydNji0kjK5KZ4hnMTKEQAKbvynDbHBzNQMJw2zMR99PJCxTgVn4shRI+IiIvWX8Q+4o9k5krxYlBhSt5OWMyXyIXEQpVJPLcGalGKKyRSVQU1wUKkOK5eUabUs25EZqwWqp2iMj82hPZFu3JAxyrwv8H+KwDXAC1ZG4lB7hn/qu2fEqA6kg3YBnRbgSTRxLz+CR5ZOdOrzy+lvyeuPWPOE48LZJPyIp1shY436ni7KdGh08FEKgeMFYGcY975h5iXthWYp5aTsybZnmTVS0thnja8iBCFoNPfJsHSc1WEE+l+kgJWe4jp9qe478wpadSiQsLIowUEn8NJ7lMkvf5k+RRSfIYrCmrluBOzAtPJ+kHnPtElpqkOBHxosYV94ITjT2c5MNSSC4vnFABEVk1iVe9mUlSzZSEKSu2eXzxLA8kgQW/yHRHPoPJQMLdEVYC4uH4flkpiAcL+sBYN/CgJCQg7mNPFTHDKUwqkiJCUhijH8GyF8eaBsAYPJhQ9eW4lHDJ/Imr/lIycGIXtiKakOXpgxOaqkgbyZyqbfDxmLGfthVn4XgYHw+T4/bFEKU+cinOD8NxKT9yZIVJSrB8Bx++LSh29PTwC8ETT01rC1uO+6ThbkE43/79hkXH2IoLw+21mwqgp1bryToyHqBUq01BMsaveBmk1bKYE1VbzVfzCSWKiFmIB5/Y10mPTAWQJU+Qj1OWjJiYoMidzMgXwx3/mMfK8AGxS1AwvjPMPiByj4xO+197d6wiKQzGARyd4sBhcKKFYLGNVdJ9jTAQ2FK0MRY2E7C8KlUsnMLCN5jHEbbwGe6R7nbZ3DHrcjvVnrf8f90EdYZ/ks/gBHx5B+sudKdfFOeUl7bgae9GAZtU44nyMJby7IYlb4w5RuXzoZTcF2BP1MvodkHIiKSqs9ugifb52xgq3q63GPbXw2ruX4t3itTYfvDbvnN702WsIfPYwQaaAAABK0lEQVSgz1GqOrf4Ydd+qM96nuqdfr2cJ4erqbXqZjG4xVAYPDV60cFzs8v5EjdNLnatWCx3f/tPnXiIRp1OOkjbu6ew1+nVvoGD0usiWKu3badpXchasUrrpGy2+oY6+fBNprTcVF0rjjbxB+3T7O4kNA5VPWRJ5w/1a+96No1/fcjTx9P0pxwXYdJlL82ue5khadjenKr59wS8pPmjbv2o86273D018L/zmU8YvmSA3xDg5/C2HmDG3ltd/2N9Hub7uJIx9YmKKd5ygN70g20tv7DMhR7HfgyEMGYu+01P4fppv7UAJa8444KaqQgWK8dpywEebEGbq3vdQoqOoyaZH01raNMjEHdhQIAIEAEiQPhLgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADw5fwE/8MT3L0y3esAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Hatch-filled histograms

![Hat
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hat graph

![Psd
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Psd Demo

![Scatter
Demo2](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEzY2Njo6Ojn5+eAgIDZ2dn6+/v////8/Pz///3X19fq6urg4ODx8fHs7Ozm5uaTk5PExMTb3Nv09PTd3d2np6eSwsb+/v75+fr7/PyVucak4LZ6enqfnsGTkrnk74+in8KfpsX3+fmurq6Xga/j5OSRjLakjbbT0tJmZmZ0dHSlqbxwcXCjlLydur6/v79kdKHU1dWMv8Oeo8Pv7vSPm7yHrr3Hx8e6u7uPkI9jraHNzc3Q0M+Yn8CFuL9gjKd+tbt+fn63t7eamL3KystqmpuhgKp2d3c4iZGX27CqqqqMjIubnJuysrJofaTf39+8tM7t7e6en59UeJJ8na7v7u+XmZfLyt7z9Pj3+PaEhYQ/mJiIiIhsbGyUvcdPmp6ioqI7mYg0YohEiZg6bIxKb5JYb5tkkJy7vtUvf4yP0cBfX1+dobdBfJNvhqWhm8AycopYpKF6mJru9/VjfZmNtsKZk7no6PBBT4ZcjnjV6OhQUFBVgpyLlbjg7YGiibFuk6y73dva1uXn4u1SjqCBwL6ml62PycV5n49IdYd8jqyvscy46KvJ4uNQRXgrjoz88o+exctuo6qnorilpaW01NhssqtBiYnp7vKy0q2QpLOBy7lBX410qrVOjI9akJa86MmTbZ1jU4fh4+x1baD8/v7EwdhWSoFKbIZifoeSuLdxjJJIoofe7O34++XLz52VdaODrKmCkbVLqp5jkomuy9PP1eKnpcaJhqxQfoJPX45Yr5av5KKj0LGMz7NlWpVcm6hinnaFxqxWVlaZqMNaWlrR8NVJOHOqvs+ynsBOmInd3Ol5vaRWU2ipq8n4+Mp/fKr68IBer4a3yMRGX4NzrZuzscCk28mQu6TBzdtcS3dERESdscdwYJg8PDyIq5BLS0vn9u78/vbF3NR0fIz39bHI4I9oZ4ZyjoDKy4TXytyQmYPn8p+3waU1NTV+vGrl3urd9eKg0qGcupCuzpGkvbEpKSmW1o0KCgrf5lCvr4fW0qyD0IDn6mSW2V3c5V5w4lFiAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAH2ZJREFUeNrsm29oE3kax83fZ8xkMkkmNeOahpow3UwMHWNbM9mkck2joZOUNAHTJjRn4Ny1MPVEve2CocgpPeHsvXAvFbuwrCL1heLSfaHui+qB3QpyUoTjvBWh6PadcMuucMe9vEn/qhs7NU3dNv6+L9rJ9Jlvf/nk+c3zzPwmmzYtCpBWqk0lhbgggAggAogAIm1IgBQmF5GmV2i14sCND5BOUgA1jLSl9eBywT3csn9WKhYDQ+8NQCsbAjyfsOgAE5UqLUZiSlIH8biUkEFDMUAVxIHCNSQAqbHxAJhKbwZwBElpr46iggxgLn0xgoEk6y0mscZLqwsuCiiXGTAlo7NKWzg+e0g1TuGQB5ytzknRb2VVrIoQHfmsmM08DRqyNlEiRftbRYabtuUZb942LWUg8aNnQkhHbGKAn7aZRI+fUttYU3i6NW9WT6dosPrFiCaT97B0qJV1pp+4Jwo065mwzR5SjQCJPMFyk0w6T84BTOc1mqcQi+VEno1Kf4/zbMEkglHICCBKGUhMUxaRz4cithALfj9A+Ekow/pESBU4tRTP5B0AthiwZoozikQeV3i4LAgR6RC3uyqLSKtfepsEiGYJoIGaTIsqCws1xmhWEDQAlskkG+NaIZe0mSAiAUzkISEW8oLg7ciA2gnAPxWEAGeDmhjfKtkpJqUf6g7I6tw9qUmDmI67nWow2YQJQQhWJcDA/6LgjuZEh2iIpGLT9ARpFiEXDYgm3gIQnPDlU1xESkkny/9YzMD/FqI2/STHmZ2twE3wHDPBm1ycB3Ip36QLg7QY48hWAViXGPI/NUykzaw+H2IjcekQRVUCpKNx2O/vYUBIM5lCjVYgEk4ImoDLGKWzPiZECwELD4EwlvTnJKL786nofghkohaFdEYMqQXQ9US9+hAEfdqUdA4EMhpVcl5w4q5MjZMSaMktHM20Fg8xo0YawJC3vu0hWEiY5NGVyLwcHPbWx5hi3LrsA63YryEo4xCASg6gUgBdrLqUbDa1rCLyIevWJpKrFEBTrmQKMqTsZ6h1aWVjKmRDVsiGWdzU+SsGsKbkbpVSfu7r5AtBhWyUFbJRLW6ajQhgNQPcSiOAqxjy1seNLb3dVQowbCtgUpufcYFTuixdG4C9Ay0t9u10VQJMZ822ABD6oNvsjmcTgDm4QskqTKrk656udN1ram5sbNw+cGql5VNXmSq8AhvVko2mTIBKN+Sc0u9CgUtBqwbMGdZvUfxSmnBAo5CRzqQrtVsT6NshqY/TFLfLtnnVskI24QUbc6jMNobIYn5ea3X6paty8DBrMoW7W1qkFBy4XJ3nwKRbrUvqpqMd6UzEaF0TgNabA80tA72jVVqFVTRG0UoGBy25Zm3M5d6zNzHUxpQ/ZCtqpNGVCAKIACKACCACiAAigAggAogAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAjgrwPQWj0A9SkTAC3UWOnC3POK7wDg8w9PdjZVCUDazXs04AiJNDERml1V8pUGqMTlk3cFT3sX33nnpbF9l/ZRq7WpwGhw5aoB4h5IdgBg7nTamPFjYOlh/RZNCQUCGjkpTArZmEDA7PpTUSd586psKjSahS0zX+bCesIDqVARoFZ6kSVBS4QKGF1CDEnLyisfwpDa52MnJe37cFU2TEVGQy7aaHVlZiDWE3UHC1bhiTORTNnod3EO/Glsn6Sx+1VSRNI+pSNuDfsCdMCXfidFBLt/SQJ46SfUxpRbhZvuj43te476wFX0gYnTNGqk0ZUIAogAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAggAogAIoAIIAKIACKA7xtAitcDYOGwFZS8AQF8+1W5jNFDAhWbpCl3KlJcVQoLpf9XhRbWK2ODV8hm6XOwlAkw4YHY7LowHcxAqw6YZMRI6kso6NLLKe6Ly8ZUyMZVIZvgwhbDlbmwPv9kgtZd/Ma62guEN5ekiBKyxAlZBeVDLJb1ZKNftKECZWag1uZ0h3kw5cMJT4eHgHfxbExl516FbMouIspckPBZnTEnaJIWVERQG4MAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAjgewcQEMBVAdTQp7ouI4BlA4RwXb29vlO7LEC8+8IoAvjKDbHF58WxR/a6utr6rmVvIJ1ts99qQgAXtfVKbW3vPMKmHbWS2m4t587Ya2vtZ60I4IKu1NfW1nfODfXCPMDlBu7ta2xsaXNscIAmrlIA6SKyWvvcnNQ+aqurq6u/styQ9f21D3c+7N64AL2s2x15kqsUwO62lwCCr81ur59aNr3wHQ//tvPbro0L0Mfq4/GUsDKATacxuSncKdWN/qmFQXR39Z7aKtPG9D5ssfduXIDp4roHRSztwCzFbz5TFquVUShfBdhlt091ywDsPmv/8+/3DD+b9fbd+/mHNwyVdiy0MfSUvbGpeoqINWWLEJCI2GKJyZhvtplbANhkr61b6knetCo3uuXLXWcGB08A3BsfGR8fv+fo/mUO0r1t/Z3d8zajF+hR7XK94HpfWKde/qIfkQUjD7wRPBa2Jwhg4PypBD4rRf+OHX2d+LwUGryUDDN7tjRsadjVgJtfjPx7ZGTkRV/bFGN4Laqzvu+I/dGcjWE/OXP79sgMbsBLSxlQ4nLSaGRDVmSjWHwfvpUDzHlfTmI35DrAmQO3krCwBCg7MimcnJXqkb2/z6Kcf+HVqchSOne1oUEieHVGgicB/M+xY319ffFXYlWW/r9K6lfgSlyhYG6/uF3Ui3+UNiTJMCknlU6nkg1aiY13wUZpWilAnM8a+aXMdXiCNpMuaAt6iLiCLZ4bl56NcXT1nga5KXxm15miBmfGh4ZGhoa+v3bti0b731+NabIfkVT/ePjG8GPmYvu2ObXf25BTWJ8U1XMr6HNyqTuUTqtTraP8PcFl2pg3nbaHB+cA3nsZ4Ot3FG7Vtx35dudv9uzZc/WbB9sW1H58YxaRWLCS18LPBosEB4fTcwDHj10bsE+9VkZ+vnPoD598svu3khr+efT8IsCLGxMgQ1T0ZsJ1qQYPDmvh4ngR4NCL76euzLcsm3/YfOHmZ2B9dqf97u8OH9gzB/Cjo0s5aEXXwsX7CddPFOfi10PjxQwc/3ph/4mrD64ONDc/hn+1bzt6+ODh8/MAPzp6ZwFg6aZbA+sYoNnF+/SOtbgfOJq+KPWBF08Mn/vg3PB1gON7Dx36eO933zVfaL9798DBgwcPfP7lPMBiCraff9C+bbYbPP7Hv7wMkj716GxX97oFSBGcUe0JrsUN1c2bvenjN3bv/vSDT3fvvuGY+erzvR9/9cX25s/+T875xzR553E83m086MiyE9KimKbFrroAvQ4omz0L3WFjMVrQp5Nyza22T3+a/qYW65WkYlVazjbgaAlC6wpIC7gEqUhLxJZ4wopnCAF1TM/9cdlITIa5zNv9YZb7fgui5tTLgZ3k/KQJCQ+h3774/Hp/Ps/DQZ8cU0t0mA2L5kOADAYACDkmcmA2jsVqfqpia8knKGTTg9Ubwns//+M7VUmZSK99O7OxaOOCFTWe8rHZqK+VeTXlIgAo5Cg5HIwTpfYDfvqynx71DeuHs64BCXiehcvHLQmTrq8oeafz8kym7NUJMH3PBz98+8/0ZO1ELj7mBwhevMxmX+9nNtQg/CKfUCDgAICYsJ8KAT6a6uvrmxq+Plp2tutZD3xAzoMA88gVlZWFqw7guk+++dN75VXffpqknchHT/gBguevnb3WVX30VnP1tdFhjlCo5GC2aBO1WIhxAD6RKC6Xy0dBN/1MDqxcBNjZSaAQKlcbwLf+tQm8cfIAjhdtPPQEYPPE+PjXJ88cP3OmLGtUCDIgJowKi6jtNptL5HKJPGo22xx7lPXsWGER4OSVSSJRS+lYZQD37vrL3z74+NdJA/ixtaTEupQFrfSrV3k21snjA4ysMp9URrNFo+1Uqs2HiUQiV58IlZvN5vmfHi/xFkDWUBIA714ZImqJpobVV0Te3vbND8nKgRtyLCXAFgmWlNy5c6fIZnEPDIiE141SLpcLtAi13+OJA4BTUx6pNBAIm+tbFnT32VtnE3WjggwAmq50QvX84v3U66zC+B3bqpIDsKMV8iuxLjigxQoA8tRqjkAgEGGRiIxL47UXA4DxWCwer/d6Qqg9bDb30iuB7629NVI2kuhqMitgG9NpImq1RELFG6FElmyQ9xRAnkUz2dkps1jULkFUb4t00mhtmM3G65+KxcyxcNDrDbFDIbO5vpWuSEWyR0YOlh1caF1qflt5rJKiJRJLKTVvFMAu6IHWRYCfWbv9fn/3mJ/LjXKwdiuX1mn0eKQyTc9UbH7ebI4Bcjyfj11f30q6UNQ8aJXL3be6lqQc/hyBQimtQ94sD0y5aX2SA2lj3f67fueY32FtarJZpFLgc/aA0QgA/jxvDs0FUY3VZisxGh10G9ZeYgU/MQh/ybG6wjXwkxfWTWQjbxhA5HfjVssiP57f6XR2d3c7x4zy4WElkMIBu6QtEDHKPbGfY2a5rK2tTedVq7lcFPV6MSlNJqMpECS1gkIx/WY1DxOSCRC/BmlpLgJiGLxUX/jHxrqd3U5n7z/mPUodMLtEGokMySWBmNlsPwwAStQ6NeCHqr1qKc1RW3sOQSYoWq3pZuYvBfBVPOr1KgHCI2efah6/eCq74gv/7CxwQP/39+d36lxKnVJpt9v//ofdRqk9AABOA4Koz24EAO0Wti/oYDKZQLqB4qHV5jzWcCn45ALMLi/vWnUACzta4LZ4ctaZAOiczZ0Lil3AOOFQcNP9/b12+7TZHJYcjtB4BpRrVHOUXoOB3cRr6AA5ryPhgQu9dWGF9tIgPnkACxVMlYo02LVCgHs3w/tK123+FFm/+Z0VhzC/gU6vpX9Nopf6x2ASdI6NBeaC00rggXGhgOO9v3tbOBwAbYzdjjJJVx00LofDERh88eOskayysymw+mp3wKa8sLCUUFr6ohttXgHADia9ICeHWavYsCKAqZ8cyE1DynP3vfWr3M93wrq3/MddN2yvvkEnMbkyKa2ANDQ75vwr4Ddtn5ubnhZLpBicyIT27zcEQfsMAHJJVwFBo13J8Rm8DJx7uCyxJOHXZII2pvBS6RAF9NJaE3+5AP/LVo7PZJJIOTkkUm3ligC+m4vs3oPs2Y3s3PwesikDSS/fta8q/TlWnpb+Eqt699xg+sWeIjqJ5EAtMhkdEpwFPmiPm4NzwUjEaPEKBUKh13BgyBiKx72oVENSqVp5vb2hUL3BG2Ux9DOjl7PSMzNTq7ampysIxM4hCJAw8dz3S3vpaRZs60uvVtJJBRBgQQFzL/wA21cA8PdPAUzbn7vt/Yzn2PbtGS+xD1UqVU7PQ54qJ8ehcWg04KuKd6+ezW5qum0AxmaDF5stl/N4Gk2vnM3WOBz798HvgYu1Dgevid0P7CG1h0rtebgjrUKVM5TYxqvWZfzvp0nY+o/Wv+xyzpKpdpRnZKQt95F/GMI79qTlHlgK4WX904mOWhKT8FkPD3igVSqRcukEQu3oaJ8I6GAhB6phVzzkiYNexmsRi8U6sU4iM9b3wil1GDXKZLxD7ZiQwRC6i/OBUYuP8m+UXqKYtKWUF6jhlS/WSSCCEyFMqk0InozlF5E16duRD2ER2bX8IsJnEjo7KTdBXJCYF6wORUvlIP/WCAPOoZUuFwQ4NeMJtInFqEUnER8GRjPUo2qOxxM0amTSQxvbsaYmPcbCQaPiWEfxfKTjkqn0XEqyikgDAFgAQ5hE71gNbUyLaTJPe6KiASQ/UqKjQ5Dqg2fcAkzJAS0M4Dg1FQgA50NRnS4BUGboRcNhTzgYNNIs7Qw9Fi0qieIWAeJY5yECfmby+kD4twYuCHNg9qroAxtMWu1pIl9BdxhUcIjS0aBoabRhmFqtBKaTxJ8ABPich6+09kamp8Me4IOtPEwgHL3e3pSPwwERAwHmNyZbiWQXvJoq/KoA4s+BFvhEBbL2/R9//PNaBKnRyGQOekmJRS0Ri6GSm7kXkEggQLFkGhC8MnnBIp4OQP8U9UeFer277GQ+Ll9Do9F4ACCuuDrJAPE1TDoz0QemvkaAqQ/qji0ek0+kUE6D0P3yu+8AwJRDUhRtM8qBA4KcB/toBkMsgR4om5YoQQxPXkAlkoBOKRKBSmNr1w8IRxrzcVYal8ultUKA5/ETCsUEPolSjq8oUKlu1L1OKVeXRyaT8xZ34CkTdVvhVPDLa1UIcoohkUhRuUVtaW9ScgQDor6BPrsEuKAxqHO5dGIxjSZF1XYPwCcScTC9XijANeYfgvwWAR5poBAIlIbsZGrhlLQ0/C+mhZ/TxtSRyVu2bCGTl+4iSAzyutaCCD7qFqgtt7NmUOv4EbcbEwwMD4imQmgwQrvXJ3IpJW0RmcxSZIhBBxRxBHpg7scAuRBg/g0CET4zofi/mcasGW88+qysSs2D/ADBr/D/ceTqM8OM25cvG76/SzaxWBab2+3um5qZuSfV8PQDA0JpWyRSS888woP7pWEGSIFRPauxGPdv9s4FpqksjeMB2p5bHlIe9latLZSHgOXR0vKmlpbH8HKLyxTa4bXZAEZnamYQmXSV54AMThNgwWVURBA0o+EhI8hqMkxcdqLRDMuSXTXRGBVkfCXOOslkNZPdc25FCxSqtTWI90soTc/h3+/++M77nnM1s0VYWLqL2IGyQ55tTYBvcT6wNexEaVhpm+FHj/X8IMGM+S7fWnf5cHHCzq6ZqYqKgRlJe/73+c1Xvv71147fazK/gAQLYTOi2ZfdJG3ff+6f66r2R30aVVurYwqbCwsLizSwEZEM7fLQ7+EpWxkA26RBQXl5kqG5JXgW4ON5Lves+66443DCzPGukQ0VG7o31+bnf/RpCbjz7QdfZGbuzvxs06HPPz+0WaSTMiWXk89/11srZO4VCnm9+89FdezuiIId6dYyznrDTVDvPMAqCQK4ttSwQNU8B1jhLZrnMi/5VHFCR/Hxri7vDRUVFd3Sj/7wQceBrbXf/vGTBs3Zbx5MFR46VDTGG5YK2y83F3fc0dbW1u7Vglvno85FRUWdOyVp7cHPoBD04PyIrwyA1xDAtUIIEGvT9uox4i/qwPku9xxJKC5u3tN1Y3QAAfQW/OdyR0JC/em/fFK4c+eXPz1Qh2wOKRqMFTeUVp3vSCgeAyW6piEeOJKcfBkhPKFFi5toOpAjL1shayK9+iLcBLRMiUQibC3RV4L6VrhsgcuqE8WZY+JRAiCM0A+/ugr53Tz5Zccmzc7dPz1QNsDGIiTWM/ZHMFxcued6DxgWiy8A4v795OTkr1X6CWMPj2OilbKohKNGRFLa1ioVoj6GREg0JzUXYT/wYpkRl4+Kx66PdXd1TY0QEXrranEmBPjXwxDgpo/RjtdYTpHYMzSW1Va5OxMO5q+JxdfBD883QEw+n0HA8RW0KtcjCMprLdHpp0tgK8nU93BFNSLjLkMisYPHZ6amvBO9a2A+8diB+tOnKzftbIiF4/fQUM/YkEFP8T6gq5Uy0ajgwvWjoCSZIJg8uSKXNdEMHE1IxB8iKNXpvXyZ4TYdtwF90w8fTvfRUR229cK1qydnZgYuQn7ZWfLNDZrmzE2DDRtDCX6hnoOD4n0i0dbmdt0LiZ+TkR0R4CsRIBrKaSXMWRM2zXWvb7qxcTzmYTlh3L5ZIFcnUR9RtJ7TPdpVFJZXWrrxYxSA4sE9oYNhEl0WHK0NZr1UKfnhyJGfe2wsAhDYLDuAuE6ijz/4IxTOmersm5hobJy4V84lrLxcT5Cu0s+pbOX43ugePavJy/vXk5MNoZ57QkJCNJVCZvvIjrm3UeI9PZbZJ4I/vk+MzJdZBOqICMwjIpA5B+A05Nf4GwJ495dfIEGuft8wXX81oev/AQEeD8mTnGZMne2O1cA2uKidydT4En09hRllb2mANRWdnZ1195cdwF59GyJcWIQhvsaJ/0KAd+vr659AguNzJlvlnNEbN45rJJnfKBlTId0oADObpFKNHAGU77M0QNEAegJvXWf12wDo7opefewBzS/a1JoIjSi8BEKpDsyPwN8QwCf1N2/W3+WWPzRMvcSJHbkxumNYd2FE+Vnl4MhYZWbYBVqv9hgHAZx/0MybA1Sg5+8m1g1swKwP0CUgIBgAez7by/1Pq00eg6wluoGoG9NkuLmITu/TA+TOAuRy6YZInikZSnS/wfBgc3N+vpimHbqGRjPZ69EpMh4sCwPEE4lHQNcldn5oVYA4jUbDKDa/YwPACHYLcN2eQwUA4wW34JgRc7ZDr1VSWA3mCaXMknnJ47AE/6+fO1uEueUqg0QYn9yJxj4ME1UmZH7/xVqcTqcTXyJSyOWKasWlOVI0expmypydl0hkJSY+B1hjQsbupQz19QHas9nsAraPbRIAqfE0vkoVzYf/CLV/pLvNQqPGR1OJX5NBQUGTkwLq/HRBTH//o3748wi99vcbpPn1p6Q8etb/DOaaPHDg1KnJF39MdfXzo/65rs7PUMrexd7GhKGnyy+Rml6HLKWuTmBKJn5WxlUWaU4EsrAtaQVpdvaynHT1Kqos6VWm9HklJcY2WdLp4+X93FkrnyamzPV3Po0/jWREchsbYanmwaZj79xpeuyidyDPsnXgY30d2HnsLTQiqjQli+qCrWZk+DCUtq+0JrLY5WFcA4CwI3jryrZtVRANPv5AqYy8RwAEdne089fKRVllFm5EsPudnQOdif/Glls3xoT19ZfP8htHs/oHt207eAVG6+2nqTACJ4iejZ3pezIs0A/EMxQXFfHLryNt4sLpMXAMQgxEICt6K+QHCWphQPQ9fXpvYpq+QGZNliKLZw2ARJVCxd8xgAC3uT3+kHv3Xj8ayPVsI+xgFUq4PT7et1AG2+e7y/cMyzoA39lDaKPRUjE6LeXKwRcAiYBYKHPUFy1cVpMADV2u8Q4MDKwIhGGl1QMsWVymGg5EPBYeePl+A1QggIHel2AZrjoITbuEjGiX3EO+cN3yfQZInwVIlMtbOi1vSZlqOUc+DEiAhi5XI4C7Kp4vf/bgS8vwarIBCXCOy5gCNiLei8/EkedIm3IZv6Q4VgZIgG905TgJ0GpXbkymTdtGAjQfIG9IKpUM0UiA5gJsRQst0ioSoJkA1wiFzDymkLmGBGgeQOJuhzwSoPlFeAgtNktaySJsJkC8hCmVSJklJMBX2ZnBMybD07XqeO9uN0aFzoHC0eHcmJN1AeKtYaVah5XWkbYJ4AsgHX4ccKLwvawKsBed7ebjsMIAquNjKDD4BGwgY7jlomi02hOutRBgqeNyfVC2GQCparW6he3jkATfu8eBAi/AtwXuOf6R7lQjFh1NNWU2LjZLJQuCgjZOvrmMhbyZJ+Ma8foL6ypnZ+eMSFlEqpstiAlguagdc3mA5iRrwVhGzMeZZdIES6ZivN427M1l9N74WETG+YUMzd7MIuxAiVsVI3Nib09hKQPCrdwK4+RsjFVmY0iAJEBrAsRwEuAbXDmetf7MURKg+Vd+1DdWHssjAZp95Vmc0FDDtXMS4Gu63MbhcM7QSIDmX3mNYms2WQeS3RgSIAmQBPjeACwwvtHG1uTul1faIWNnERk7y8jYvtxoYx9pKYB+/hRj5m/8Y0OL+1ucyTzLViapwFIAgdEAxFPScVP/Tx6bZSoL7mVahmVaBnh5WUIGTzeQARYDuEjJDjeZBUvDLSODmZYxfVw8/goy4QtlrAYQM+0OoL01Gdxq3lgN4PtiVgG4KlWpAsCZkg5oBWpH43kiKGhrVTglAqSlthiLD3d1AYayhQMXSvAiAZGitgEgI5LBi6FE+hjP44hksNVqNxBPkS3ir7saeoC15KhwZeoij5OHClRYE+RsYbkxIp2sDTA1Pa0FAKcCNYjICWcbLT2OfL9cJ+CUK+Db+W8xyjgpXB0Mswly3XMFuc5GvyeeHR3AApFeW1Z75cYvUkjZLjkRALPf7qDK9eO7Gi/fxFdh9v4ZtL+nOC9S+8Whr6I65kQUFKQwrAjQRyaTRQe4UePg+5hUwAgG/PmPtMJcYB4vJYgTAAEFMFxkSn7GQiFVLpClgfBUQEnJAanGm5LVKSAgAwTY2qtdtyQZj1JeLohQwt8BDj7s/7d3BqkNAlEYpmn0hRpjNAZdzCqDEAZBskpCsplQEDQhVFCwmBN4hFzDG/UYgdITdFm67JiuWsYuDKGFvrf+mcHPec4bmZkfsoVUk/uwSWrNwKFZKHfgqiiwFMAlN13PIFcEuKeU3hNDPLhTA0yoe/h+9kMNKN0tCmB9p8/gUWQyWUly5uBGFay7EAYEuNzcc7cFMYyJfV+I0cjlqXfIo7piC9OBD4X8PagHtxqLgoDVqclmUg3dOmIk5HEAj1OFXzmFnYD5d2aQhkfTY6H8ozLhPFaHeUy4nsRE5mA8JmyWjYTMLXhXfkG0xki1W82ZPzNj1lDvRKFoxolO8WTISYO/W0XCWQbRaZlmBZdbmHUYGe+my2Nir/wvXV1nFvY6MBpNLLsDD/sGSW71QAPVysFQ5DfH7lMYCJkKrtXklqTboOd1b7rSuAXk3Ixn272e1Wjvtteds0b1LPWnrjT7RodbA8uYv17GIEDk8i8AaqaKAC+J8H2NAC8I/XQkCPCC2Lysn/XPPdsIsE2UQzhtQLlDgO2i82rDsoTNLQJsF8mTWPG8GkxDgK2i9/JWluX7kLsIsB3A6dw0zfmC4yzc/q+PA6AECBCXcggQASJABIgAESACRIC/C/ADbU4GQ+3ftR8AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Scatter Demo2

![Stackplots and
streamgraphs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stackplots and streamgraphs

![hlines and
vlines](data:image/png;base64,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)

hlines and vlines

![Contourf
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Demo

![Tricontour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tricontour Demo

![Tripcolor
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tripcolor Demo

![Triplot
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Triplot Demo

![Aligning
Labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Aligning Labels

![Axes
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Demo

![Axis Label
Position](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axis Label Position

![Resizing axes with constrained
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with constrained layout

![Resizing axes with tight
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with tight layout

![Figure labels: suptitle, supxlabel,
supylabel](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure labels: suptitle, supxlabel, supylabel

![Invert
Axes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Invert Axes

![Secondary
Axis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Secondary Axis

![Figure
subfigures](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEze3d3Qz8/CwsLc3Nzg39+9vb2/v7/////Z2dkijI3Y2NgkhI4nfo7GxMTBwMExZI4oeI4tcY0glIswao0iiI4lgY4tbY4gmIoenokoe44rdY41XowmiIvj4uKhpKMcm4sfkI0phIo3WYsblo0epIeanJ0jpoTGxsYlrYHEwcEsfom6ubn39/cjkIonlIgnjIkro4Iwp38zsnvb29sinIg5U4okoIa2tbUomoYboYktd4o0ZIgrj4exsbEtnoM3vHY2rHswuHouiYbEw8Q7TYotrn8wmIMss30/vHN4eHmnp6aVlZVBpHhubm83o3woqYJHvG4/rnYvkoRMxmsocZBtgH05SoAycocyhIYeq4ZSv2esrKyEhIQifJFIq3NTtWo4jIA+RYmOjo6JiYnV1NU4lIA1e4Y8tXMdhJA2nH5Js3Bnc3hzc3M6g4E3a4Zu0VczV48paJFFj3p+fn5hz18ls4FHc2hAPIhAPYF4xlKfoKBVqWwsX5FEMIFkfXdVymZKoHQ+nXpJZmtZdHZEl3lBw3FdxmJqxloyVoNRkHLCvr9jZGQbe4PKysp61VAZjJE/VYMhdZOo3zRduWVvdn1qaGo9doFcXVwfaXOH2UgYln2EzUg1TY5IJXyX2z4YiYE4WWs/YYFTgXRYnG1IHHFSVFMahW4kWXRDf3w9LnNaZ3YZd3MlX4NugnBovF5FC2IwSm2VzT244Co4O3ZerWd1foAnaokfcINfi2p9uVJ3rVhqnmEqdmlmp2NtsV2Iw0w1gWEvaHojpXRCa3wqen4/h3kuRHqm0TJMdnfn6RgnkmVOU2g0WXo7J2JVemJogFf+8haChmZNWnZ0jGFzu1pBkVo4OGY+Ck6Ai3OBnlxCRmiLsVBVPV81aW2YxUlltGKq0Unu7u7n5+cylHRFSErZ3zF2j3lGplTS5ReVrkaoukzW0DdSk06IrSvD2Dp5g0l9sWF1ojqzqSHH4B2eo5u6zDelnVI5OTlcoUePiz6FU0DLvCu/uTrBqkHR24/BT4GgAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsl39ME2kax21L2ymlHaXIL6E9UUtNZwChYIlSA9Rf03G4QlYgdnY9p3VZZWC9a7KReiEbz6jclIi7jHNBc+xlnTvJQoTsrUQ3q8HomruLZ/D+OLzc3qWl6x9L4j+XyD+X3DPICnp6LJRELnk/hZl3nud9n6bfPu/7PF21CoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQPzfgiGSYmUIGKJpd0S78DwjRtKkAcPoOBLwBVhep3bEMK0qTsZJLI7FrVrMYFA8pNqFPTPFjZg10R3zxmQiJmoxawgJOEeQVcfDBkIKT8cYKymQMhOIhPkI6MeH2ThvJcWYzAu0epoN8aFpSs3ECXCQSMDnAspBDRUSjJgcF62kRMpxcjoYToCAki+OiVpSiIFJjgsYqCvGwCJT3LQVCfhcQB+G8WrJiklxMU5KMYGMJ0JGRaCYTYZ8A5NEYrJ2RkAhhjEuGQ+pUAbOnYGwWxmjnbdNx4Jhehr0wngu4IEMjLglB6eYEsEgD/lolUiGtopxmvdEkIBzVViFYeoY6QlIMdKHO0gHiZGeiBE83ogZI316Bym4fSRmjFi7sXjEoCYxXcSBisjLTQolRl7nI3kSW5GsqEY6Fnu9b4Xqh61SLw+h5Y8yr8iS1mUh/tqHpbNKtywQdrd+dhjQLVNIwzwBjUkQUhtcjm4D4FAbjEb4M8LY6IWrMpwxLJ1V+mTAPYJGryF0ZkpgaMVA4ISkw90OOwVXIqnYOtd8AQ1LxiXxYreH0KqNWspt1HIBxag2hMSQQW31BI0udciQBMkJqAkkvF5OEGwJISH7vIQsCB7JI0hseJrjBU6zEgQ0yGrBF/HYRSlACYJbknSqkMQz3fASaS6h/OJJeWMC4gHZjCcYKcz7KLsXdye8IiuyjFfmKIfE+/AVkYEJMRHi7JKRtVMeGxf0aA1qWUvZeTqskiKsVWT1rjeZgW63zNIe0cYHcRDQI3ECJwRkWtAF2IQeXxkZGLZzdkHPw7niCwbtsIFlB2NjIoxZ8vEhnJbf3BbG3ZLA2xgmEAzYBJvXnWAoIkxQAk2IbFjkVkQGGthQN+cjPJRsizgIn44hVGqZCoboUJAJhCiaoyJvLgP1uFej0Xi9uAbHvZCBIgzhNXMF8/IXEZXBtehPC2tUKVoPxXRrDa6UFBVkIKXSglmrgn+XCq5vTsCXP/RyxnqFgN1EyGxeWr6EukNzC5Oqu0sVUEksSDT8f+1L/IcGgnTFvYsW0IUHWTbc7XKptP8NZJLqpccXplm1PxSV6pXWJAXEAzRtpwncZ4NPn9SuJ2jAQxC0xqtZ7BbmROhIVAF2P9Db2/vFxMTE4/3PmHj0aOKL/b0z48ePH088ffp0Yv8cvQovPs/OVAI8VgIpzN6/d/XOAtPplOQE1AQombZTPBskaDeeVOHhEhxNS3YGpwP4ogRMIeiwkoEG+2f9/f137tyZrN9XPwnD6Gg0+ucHDx7ciUajfcDdu3e7Hj161AWua4ODg6PR0VGYrXhn3MAkoNxvA319/X3+o/66/r7+2y0tLR+cPHlydkotLB4cGx2D8NFfqJLcwt4A72V4JhgURCGpDhnXCGaKle08JcoefHFnoM7ocLgMWtuvTGuKa2pqNp87d85SWVlZYsrMNDmdptSi1OKymppda9asyQTXe7m5ubUNDQ3rsrLWldWUldXV1e0uKMgsyvlRzu7Dhw8XZ2dbhj8fHl6/fn32pk2b6m/evHl08+bN7RVnz14BnM7c5hMnTpxam7+2uLKyrzNZATU+Rs+wNE3JLIsnVx4EnOcoNyNRYffiBHSlzFRhre2zbEup3+//sOc3Pe8WFhb+GCgEDXaVKSpVHwHhTPlpa7MqNlQ4LUVF5eXlldu3b8/r6elpt1gsJbVVVe3gSrNYipxRp7O5trlq69byUsi+UghWkJvr/PfU1FTHmTP/bG5ufjc9PevTjo6OvyQvIKXnaSHIUQydpIAMHo5IXJgTWR2+lD5QaxveULF9zbq3fjbyj5EbF65c+PDgwYMN76WlFRUVFdy/evW+0+lsqqioyMvKysjNzMwEPZ111dVHMjJWr7NY1r/TcabjaGlpab7JlJmaem73rVsXb+zcufMCqO8/ffr0hby8vIdAy969ZRbLxq3V1dUXenoaWxcSUKfTLFBFCT2Bewid3kMk2aFAIL3bTWg87qU10lrbb7dubWi729ZWW5v/1dTUt+MDAwN/B2o3Zluampra/AcP7kstKkqv2DBDvmV98ci9e7fS09Mzjh071lxTVlOZlq9QAhv8J+3t7U0mkykXNn5+cXHxNpD90qVDFeU5OeWQr/m5pty0tWsXPANxO0XzsDc1XjPgnbk+xzvD908OMMxazS8y/2xUAikTHOaXQ80unwnlmLOb58dfSMDSLR/fA0mys7Mrd+/eUWUyvf3dt1NTdRuzy8vKakoLCgqc27alNx85fAQ2ZC4Ilw4qbd+Qt6Ed6ouSr4ffzjR9/P77HdevX78BEuelp7/VfOrUKcjT6kpQ7QgAscu3bCltgPrjLChYWEA4k+DXtp7jWzs7O4c6W5Vbq4IyHBofHx969qQwpPhbh8aHOp/ROuui53o7HQRqHYI1TGvnTLBnc2DR+NDQ0OyqTkZsfW7nZ9+SgRVh/JUChqAZDilF5HeQNKBS7b59++rh6GqBgrIDkgdOsMI9e/bsSk1NLd6xo/L3tzpu1W8qLMyGw67x+PHGjIyfdn3064++/Pnq1RlNTenfPXny5OHf/vSwbE/NlvPnz38K38hXzW1t9f69/osjIxcbSoqdhw4dGrh69eo3ZdV1CxUR3MNKQd6N61qhRbjdMvn1GFTyKFTx6O3o2Un/yL9G/HcboSHoh8rf13JgMhodvT5yYKYJ6OtvPH4WXH1/7DTPP+m+Hjv9zujgwFhN/7UotBqDjYPQb3z5h5EW/4Hb/dAzRKP99/86DB3CKCy+fu+DS6PKW177/HK0/5tfvrKNCbABO0WkWG3Dn3wyBjvQCcfV6oyMjCtdXV3NcNjlQS7BOWjJyckpgqxzlpSUVAGwGYsHLl8egFJd9R/KzD62ifuM4yptmLjZxHe+O7+c3fkV1zLyW3A8xzls7NmOA1biJG6cGOI4sDiJNzuxm8yhOEvSkoDHliYBImUxtAn9I6sAiQAtEAFKeU0ZWqqiaYwS8g8SSTWEVCFt0GnPpZMWOhjs98/ZOutn3+ee5/v9PmcosUqKoixgtzvn5+cnrl+f9Hg84bGxsT3gSl64GTGwXrPAzOdBK4+MzDB7X3K5qj95mQau27Fxx7r8H609/VtEGms9ksNMfD4LBYvS1QR7+8amDrdmc5hMjJjVKtMmv00q5N0bCDncYH4yjUg+MqlBjZ+/vQLgWweORuvD2cnBuN2X3S3QkpiIQticM1M7N/m7mwwWJk+YP7o5A9XijNPcW4evt1m5JpWePdhpJd97LsA1eZu37Fi9/c2tBz+6e/dyEWgUgkhZFIryOBwOmyDEV1KplBZsF9iympubpQxIRukQRA8YsiKRHJPw+VKCQILgyo8uXjybgDug1UqvPPnHkz+V9frixThOKBQKiURibmryVkBVt/T4fJFo9PJLTeT1n+Uzk8Ha00epuqW579o4PIqNSAuqUunJPq+3qntg6naDpkOGc5VaFBEIioob9EUFVUa+UtV5CCP3D0y2xULHVoxna9/+EElmvx112O1js9dqLShJsFj4oT92WFBfd3d3tquQaukrUSsFRcqmdq/aWxUFCh6HWoWwXOkbz9XA17b+8nfbtqzL2/DuF3a7WyIo4rO/XxD0eEKSzY5PTsYBGJlMJmsqKioMwEGKLC89CNzuVCobgdckRlEiMOk6iIqAWMDnC8TQameWlpZ+3SYSYVarlcvn667Dgp/EyWTaxLVK5cQrxphlgHdmlzI4JmQh3IqqVEPc67X7QzunvsrVqGU8rlKn0cHXFrt0yqYqI9dkru6ykvUAMFz/XwAnpsZK/g2wRoaQ7OJD4w4L2hvqbz+SLgx4vG6ViW82NvU3qfz9UQ7O8zjKlQj5IoBvbF2X//q7PwcN/KKkxAuJIwbG6YR47ESFQgLQYDjOw3nJSbCGe5BTnNDGtMFm0yIIwSJZMkjHKeAaEYEGwilfLFa/8PDhglkgCS8sLMxfePTIx7eYULgbAFCby+Xk0CZO6HCaxXrlSQRamI3XeGzucoHKXa7sHz2VESKGElpjTWhAjPkmrrRij99Rydbym/x7RrNJjqjSYJK47TSq+ezA2pUAP7fIRYkoYrQvzD2srb92vCiYdvGcdg8Pw+88WGxoSMf7KjE8M/3gAmHNLM2eSdLqAq+FEFKdXV8/34Vfy9vwRt5ykNZqK6FdG8EpdZBENKCDTODD4Noh99aEQqEKmC+0cAqaUMcGziwWQQYCydTo6OipOtbyWrh//z5jjhD2GuGYhYKUQBqvP358P00QepBCX5FA6RwfH09g2Kfv570qwA/ZHFJqKlEXqaHBGIAoYXboAzwOW8DnSgQAsLXKrhuSCvxVraNZjrzQ1iFRqB00OvRDgGZ5WyaAGJYBhqb21Aa7XBQNAPHM4uxiGgDanTgnc3v2XDOv7bu5Mxm6xAEAUazz0NcvC9IiudWi01kMBoNTDjIG4OKpyJViDkd08uTJapiBtUyEg0DNMJWJxTKcwwmGw+GebDZ1HuaKMAyA88PDC70w0gF5CHrNvcfvHe9liVktPl/vYHX1oMFotIF87p4+P50iyf+jAo9i0BC0w4DoLCZBxX6fTCaUVdI6jdwqkRLGJrqut9sXn35UJtlUsGt6JBONG9S3zvY4ad35v5eubOEDlzWu8VRESBvvLT2S9Qzs0iTgWqN2G5tKHrk4LRLlzoz21MHrw7vqrmTPLU4GZHR9a5lULy7ee+M3/xvgSVfDJRC1K+DCcmbkgBnjDqSQEahEcIdqSB5/pjAMhXRMQqkZIdnooGZ7enoa4a0FRo4ayIUGcGKtXiuDDRK1ylo6EUzIQAcYecSslAb27zWbzeV2u73cYnrlWXht6R+KpVhb1GGjUIrgKqSCDj2H0+ZxRBp4CqIu1h7PVNpH0v+c2y9RKHg5ucjX51bPzn2Zs3RMPfjyGYDVhelL7WEOKq0bSjYEHTUNOIGlE45yBStQ90EzyR5amrulQMiWqpbAqdHdQ0IykDk3HIMu4iruvgTg1Vzu2OPHjxeZhoWFQia0MnNGMV7cCQviWxoOhWABOBiK6ft4GHv69Om82u1mJma71+v1h0L+II4HTSaBCuJ3vKuzy1rEeAqfCxDHYRxeYiQCslBFd3fo2Cu78NWgRYNr3BZU49Qua4wzHsQ9JZWFk+EI6gtFNJHekdzi/XqlwRh0iTjh/oKSx98cy9DmE9f+8gzAvXLXSHtPRmOhnVZX1BFx4UKeK2G0KegaGaGvjGZuf3NKocEj/sbAkVsRtlgcn7gw5kO4ILW/ej7AH69as2YVE6Tfm5hgHBLjSqWg93yBSqlyRqNRM0gYlBgJQQ+H+QJnC9mf7Nu3rxI8z2Qy0ePjgwmFgmuCTxUAwBPDw9cKoArBq1ump6cnYEMxA5B53qDXi+Gm0OXl6sjg+OCRgdbWlz1MyN/yzsZ3dqzOf+v0Zza7QSpFWJTHXqIWSIJdE+2bJCq1+YOzs7eTQtamvslDctRW4rC3D0ykOXUXp/r9moCQJaTMP8iBe3Gpob0nF4cUVCbSdNC4SM4hKZGmqKm9ZaixfeLj6gAhqP54r4SFytOaovLanQ9ONeMiHmVSvgDgqtL160p/+tqbm/82f+2rrq6u6nKDQVVbW6u3WtEyu6MpFouFgamUuX5wDQqQnDtx4kQLXA6KUjWQnsKfBoN6yK7M85v+1tZWo8pgJghi5smTJzcCGI9WmSFGQZfbbDYoWzPs5fH5ymIrK3DDM3/L/KcC12/bfrAUhvxfMAC5WoIEgG6V2RxlACrM5abmcw+mk0ISAHbJhRZ3gaO/dSKdIC8O9/trKLYYAP5+BcDVGw8CQFs3APTa7QBQTfM4clxmXQbYG2jsBoAUsgxQzBY1aAQq1c5vGYDYiwHm/WTztvzteetLr7a1Vd+8efOvUEe9MzMzxVBuMq5UO3b48JjRYKAhgRSDO0RBIpmwB7mY/y/CzD+myTuP46moiw99bPs87dP2edrZnysF0lJKW1papS2U31KgTwplAmUMBC4UWofFqRlEGGyZTMB5cApT6obzDDrP3KlB1CjqLveH0c2cR4xLzBKXiDe43OXMmdznAXX+Yn4Dafm239K++/m+P6/39yFQ0v0x0BP0mD42gRbDyv6Rkf4GGsMAHk8/fvy/2wMkD4HqE0BTEQIPyXFcDg6KZpCUA7R86oHxCVkJ8a+rwHX5ycn578QV/v6bcu3mki4lhkMRN545eUYO8YAnMXccvmM0iLEDZwbPhaViBaVXAyDgzb3dDe4UndxgVFC857vw6sKv/oyqTfAUAxSyVYjxUrx6ontsulEnK+kfr5UolKN2mUWbxEVVBqPBJEVJntugoPkSh0VtW0bAtLrCOgDp3XVXzNkS+JC8gCbgAAHv5WXmOQCo7X19dvC40tnZ2bvgdGVAzOeACW/4/X7mVAb0HB8bGzsHShX5SkqqoakkkaTC6SwNguT8+rJ6PQjYPDQ05GazSVh0CKhx5tatWxdV8i+fdGHW6kcLj5JZrwoYl59fULclnbN7yzeh9kxfpxkTCUi06vz98yqxWkAra3ce/1vAZhMemD05TSNqQqgTyxGRuLI1SBMCudyT6aboY89jzO69fyHUYjku9jICYhidojU1dg5+34jLakbGo2aeeTRk0wCZEypvpicg5VEYW4YKuRK9ZlkB3/+wIGvd+2veLpjKyekCTuuE0IDC/rSmGlJD2ebswzCg5RZv3LhxHCIIG0Wrhvr7+y/19fXVRqO1sKMv3bx5MwaB1+jx5EqrqggxcwwLkgPCNIMXiEHAyCeRCCPkzMxMd15ez70rV660uIy5TyqQlb5wfWE963VNhPMWJ47JwsdCe9y5ZUpMnqFMknWf7pZJse6hrrLgzD7J7ZPbBaWVxcDTPG5RntHolW07WS0nUJPa4d7TEbz3vAeuzZ8eUmu8FlVqj1Hr3tmHiDQpWEVnPSnFDZvdQorAlFxMgfP4wc0eiwlHEJQnVRlKHYRJo9UuI+CaVaw0FrOT/+pyFUOu2AfdAgWlmDbrcLvdzIUPT26ugQFn0dJwBN1BHbMZUYLHFGE4vCMGMN1ZhaKIDpZC8oOFLdCUbj98+HAIegoZDguBcLxAio7y8nJo8zQwz8XfPRPwO0bAtJXLgzR3Z3kgRYIhwtokNZtuVFW1xfp72nNdLdH/XJ+0wfekFuH0juqP8jK1sv33a2RVAxatlO4YbXqhiWT9fX+/WpPrVTl9me3uw36ZzKbg0o0ExcZVNjmwKw88kQKjr/c5VTgYDkEKcKPPILdocl1b34AxEyF7w4acHCtgm9XoMVpBBly8GHwZgBZBVNdRFH1u8OrgeFtbG0S30L8hs0Eu2Q7wc3VwcLBGZLVKCUJRDW0HvgUaQkoQtq5TbLKYQDmvVqtBySrmmsjdM2e27YpGO46+KGBCcvzrBUzIP9GnVATcHSFvgznJFvJf23bqk87OYEOTrws7/fN0ZbA8SapAI7Ei58etpZ/HzjYbf5mt12GQSMr+8JKA23QmrUZm7SrTl4/6BdZMt4RPUnx7XzDTynYYKiRYEluAUg5nqtdBAvOSiMjg1CMWjVf7JgGnmppyAEwYIDE5HA49c/gpFluaa2qaYUPW+/0ddovV2gUm19XU1HRqenr6Cxgul6s0Fot1MukZQgpbwBZAvaZCfMHgtVTQbUggcVytFvshzkCBprS0tBy5du1aw68Hqqz0uftz6avS1tcVsJYR8Lgf1bdfPn6jJ6hEZf7D//xusLVzQFl77YO8dvTA9NjRqBno9O5I8ef7B7cP0OFS30/Xx8PKbIxgf/aygIROq7FJuWGhcmc2r+mjSJsEqq5jFNq63NATzE4K4JChELkh083l8ykSEeOQ+k1AGW8ScO7HH3+hKQyFGKsPBoNFNaAcBDXgFJ9boaiAqQroKXroyEO9vb2+np48LBxugBKrqa5urh/gDXTC/aacnByvx2Ow2yUN0JSLYFU52CQbyrqioaFCownolUrzvubq5iBNP83CrOS5f83lp69kFSavXCaJ3NrDV1gu/+OSsUKZgftHv7i6rXIGAtORSmdAseNUPwiICcPbe5sEZ2dj9RVkTevDnyIoFoLP/+ULAuafPYcpwJz0GUkVoQ4zgEtEwseEfGXHkZJ6XllmUJmh0+lIIYEbjG6YxzCUOWsiTcs3EaYRr4hnPNDj2cCcSEci3ZeYyAH5LQPoIwjsgggEZaBn9w4umF3/SJEAQcBUNWBlGFQdZDU5xlysgyRdAnTnJggpYLYa3mfp5ORkN/hhCrwro8tlBJhMQRBBWVFxcQSq8IkHrkyeOzn3bvyqTfm705bxwM3AeXTQV0xzsyWYuZZvkwsA1ng8FBEjqKl9z6gSoSRSGwqZ/3R/qerb+70+LbxFKU/zggeu3Xslu1aisrhyta4ep5DfFvmgi+KRbBVCsuX2qN2mI/nZisCe0T6xSIbLKa4EPJ4S8CVW7W8IyErOL0x7u+CPcjkKu22GOVsZIFFlNBql4MMeunHjEGAxGyytfNeuXbHeyclSi8EgJRbDCdre3p4LmS3I8AxY4/cMBwqFGU6nZzMgYjOo74Tgu0FvteIqFcIcP0BR7oNcGGt9lkSgAgfn0llrslaveMkDORzm53kBJcBa5ijXJkcYAUkCBCQtjIACWiJVo9RTAVt9WnVAK6VeJ6BMsyhgcTgMAhbR0B1lrwhok8HWxRgB2yiEL9EHfkvAwtWbVqTnnzh48M7XU1NTF2DAzZ0TS+MHGPDn8MTExNb5+fkLE8MTF2DqIDw0PDW8+OwHDx5cGJ6aYqYeLSwsTA0PT8HUf+fm5ubh5gd4BvPQxDDMTy0+tBWA/SD8l2ceOD82D01kJeuVayLvctLXMxhz8ebj03Toxj5cX9ZVffbn6cwcNOmy3cxnI7jJkqKwm2dgB4o0Ciwj49LRED05UpRz/tveylRc8eJx1t5jGGX/00WtCUnNK4F2Vm3cIMhp7pZgkPq4SkwkpfiSDAUkD9i4IrGUkErLmkLZGSk1vQbZ8gKue29T/O73PkxI5CQujbil37e2ZC3efTY4nKwtycydT5+bSqgrWPvrKg4HXmTtO4UJnKWRyPmUw4mLS1y7flPC0xWcxDiY4SSu3pT2pAKXBPw/79Ye00Sex4Mgid0Z+p4O0+ktfYkNpC0FWiktZS1teUqhRdoiRUCpKwcUsFqqEGGPCkSBBVcNy+MU9AK3Jx7C+TxwCce563qu8RGXNa6XXC5uPPeyyeYS/7vv8FjRxWhyyX37x6S/zEymn34fn8/39501tHBVdubWrNDOP/114c7VHnKwXSpLDx4a+n7Instku3R+ErK9Zp+Ix6tr8eV+GCkTsdja9kFT40GfDbvw/ZA3Xst/lUhvu4TRZs9PutiEIWj3+rx52iiJyjfiZyxqVD4b4fMYHB6fINwIgrtwYaTUnDo3GCNt61NJ3pwD38uKSAiJ6AwJe802xP5iKST2vV8s0de9flpI5yZYSoDPS9sVvsb9NyznwBd9L9Yk0hHF5cUHytOyT87PTExZPGU1kVJrkTcQOPZBKU/Edp7w8JUaq0wJory6efrHVqUIpbGT20frm0uM2ExgekQVTawGMLz87FEEuzjWLhdgNkNJV1/vDCKPtHSMcgihQETwURoB9KG6VU9laZVNRBPieHR66Zw+KtC3p/sNm0oJIWEhv4Lit9aIYNg7La11ZcI7LYWtJOEXXWsCmJa5NaWq6v3Q2HNtQVeqPYdkSqK0bb2VEgmXT7IIVbCi1gnpTIEgSEHtszsLjRgkbXZUnrfCjWFCCaPMtu/VEI799W+FTBbJ4DC5aE/r0L/vPGsUuARNYgmOa8HfuG6OSV3b7IuPivcdslfXIhI2OzJ63xaNpL+3tGdtAMPCs+nvH1hqiPzfbcPPHuh9FUD60tAkPNnmlCzIgXuf7o6Oz9hDJms00cf68yG/88V8JN/efKIiPT0+iYsSusKFf17ziIAfKDQlx2xA5YRsjtoYp//LEoBLd4zYdlQA5ITHZ6IiY2vgu38tNCYbHX6dBhfiiQKms9RD1pxoLqrMr9yRF6wmURBVcoVBpcfG+1uMb/DAdeVV2eXhYes6V95m6uzs/B9fjnrn63eteOBz39PVAELx2L49ZamhSl9sqB4FKSRVqj2pqUEDwgYAOWUx2rahvq4iWYbdrOUzJs/f0ub5Ktw0oSrVyUDYOE7jskgeK3/3YhUOhxtuj6VDEeGYdBIhl2issO+WoAMkr+FMk9iTamCiiLrp997K7nzfHvf1n670JG1xMhjAGkgxDxgJJsk7dPtNzYQjB7I3h6RkQrHcf+rUqY+g1H4Nx/1Qah9DYb79/PntU6/at6vsMRjUU6owQ+1+DPWaKrPPP1826juc8efl6k4Z3ACu+Pyjr7769pMVHvjgEAXgrnUrAO6syqzaSV+thdnsRKlSXJ2ammHgsiNxOcsEAPb2BYpku+0qnM8BAKMqD1dgSwBiNDZOAxayAiAdMkFVVVZoxCezDrWODQCC2t2dKBLrWIWLAFpYBCJu+IIC8HCO6PqFq+6kdCc1X8AhxSxM7Bfhefa1AQwD/VReTnVjfujtDQBdo6b8PGJSHAPy1ZBrMNioYcCCAgIOSsgsdQMDAzUej0dEdeXz83OZTMgpJFkTk5xsiwN6iCCCjGAwz+fzFdXX1++xWq3Vc3NzIqDiCoVCXwPsnMNp7Ojq6uqfmJi4F7bsgQ/sDzavD0upWgnhtJTjGzeliCYsAAAgAElEQVS+0kyQExim1OT7SlBDvAJpaSsRsiXf3XlGekDa3jpzETxSzOE45MB+5XI+o2GMQ6jSFQiGfrDEA+kR2Vuzsuhp30z0V+YQmBDjo4IWb6B/h9RRRuIx4smHk7zWY5UyPaMiOPHTsThrtJKljKRhuCZZLZLq/ALpm7sxG0KW5gN/mLhxrY7DSFapVLbk5GQm0GRKgVllMisIFMztdqMgTKo7Ojpy081mtKCAqTKbVaAyqGEQjsPhSCYIgiEmdW1dXV7QLTuKiooqc3JyQDw3GyIjoyAcGIVgavXAcF9/X1vRzx1pADD4oDg8IaF4pZkQsfd4+dbwVQB+KmeiqNKV4S3pMaQmYTneyqgoyd/vPBtg0XBX4ZmLQp6ptpHBkEeyhZTnNZ3REeYtSTQEi18GMPbI1vLitLRvbgzZ8wFAhI+6W0AyHHZ5ynTaGNPYw8m6Zl+eS1lbERz6codEKhMwaFIhkuiKUYtcYr9A63prM+EziYRpUptOd3RcHq2pqWmH32rZkp4uA82G42wDIJJDoO4nvb29lVqNhmq5JOI4DjrNCEVQrknUUH17lCBiZu7ff8Kk+D2GUdJQZzKZHKD4eBwOC3S2EAS1Hv6kaG3kyq5cSOzN4M2N68I2HY9YlnKhB06eLQ5dBeAljhq4Le68W8N0OEiTZ0s1PN7wVCtqiY+TXKN2HxVT139jYsIzcGkctSOmsCFGeWtMzIhbViL0vWdPZoWmbXtaYnQ06CQog48YqRCRKVl8jOBfnJ3822hqxcckwyhrvTx1uJnXCh5g4dLkOv/lrvq6Kzfq0Y/eAuDvpFIFeJ7j9N3Tc7OPZ/84NjY2Nz8/D1GtQFF3aSAQOOhG3a0zMzMtSr1+anz8iSZSIwd0SHBOgcVmEUE460hS1wPfqU12gUCUJLPKFICiGrQbNbQEXi0C4WcAHZhktUa/BDD15ub1CfQD9BUtHJ55JGV1DvyD2M+TCIW6QROfHCjz17h0g4ODF7uFQmuGVRK40FGn3xe4cM7Pc6MoaLIyuavhDIcYO99Qa1gGMDTryF6qCn+K19UOFkYRtSwuxiyoQ1xslID8xxVOPny8r3qwjINoexqn+kYGOnw+by4XQcRNC73NPf/5crjubQB+ptdTG0eGYDD4j8nJSR0X+XD43r1zFQAg/G5md3c3JDJu6/T09AKYs6fHDZLY1tDQdBeWSqxx1iSlUq9Tq8UigUAA1BbFFQocQtcMWlhPDVwTbmJ4eLgeorqigF9gtFgULwHccpNqqK5PWA7hTTv3Zh+nL21rLmrhS4SDxRJFO9UOS/3IXT9Jm//6C10ykBaVvZQx0lZaoJeVXB1ljDwxYghClukcs7Pt6lu3PE7FUjeGHnpkY2Z5GtAY2/Rlvy7KVu/hsZjO1pKi/CQ9k0D1cftPzmti1CRHb26+tqMox/lj73i+kQB3Lhu+1pI0HpirfX1jfcPS+0QJ1FtHiw1VFotKUzWjo6NUv17ncHAOjo+Pz584UW3U620Wi8XGpXFLAvfvX3n06NHBnOYcs9mc+1+6rTWmzesMj1xA/WYH25/vjhfbsXEsIxvbxHZsjC+AL2BjfInA5mJzCRfTEO4CYpBxC05RGkhwuA2SlBGipmmbJhA1ISqoy6VZlaXZ2qrasrFI25SfjTb11zbtPUBuTDtCgh9g8T3fe573ec77nEePTt6E3woj5gwEAih0hEIwDAaVg3ExLpCne9jjUfBYLGMk4kZtByQapbSgZjIe/+srALu/fkPGOKdOFk6lp6Vn1OUWbsTbLrCC+oIyi4JgtHTNvNujbl+Y8egwMp3m6nowoNfR2HIJt50+Nns93kQk76/pHbB1954LdHfbN4V0urZysXOqNv/A2Y87rq+1UYTmWEfBXnJ9V+tMzKIkEsk2U2zUVcXmUKj1plHgKKvl6ePnY2QGxmST+tsiJpFwf812AHfkarU73srek3vkVC46zrokFmtQOp9KZZRevHjxx5/+/a+hpqam+OCgSy6Twa7Ning8HqtOp0PxK6tKZZay2fo7d+Y/dDgcZtjpbqit+ZqaUi6fj2s0mqytoCEH+A9lG1AeBjY5EefzffFIvN7ny3sJ4KXuS28AeNxZi3KB6bnFRVO16Wnaty/wRHp1md1IN1oSo5sANuu4sPUQgFIRlygHMqPT1sbjTXQ2ANjrk5QOBCQS6xaAmU5nXV1FuvbtjzvGn2wCOAcAJk6MltuVdARgeWucTtwAsHUDwPXHz/nSMgxH5i5iErP+F8ADGXXOA9nZqeiji1J2OL+2qBQo5Yym6PDM9V6Xt2FvTo4C6gxwZaJgEXyXgzg/CPAI9Hqpt9kzODAwMA+tRiwUCgWgblCWAboEHcdxGRCCDLAkUjgcIjQU+KIDgNDdKQJoOdCBXjWRS8FL2tedyJ6iqcXinShRmqmd0KY5py7wMXezV4QDUL4GwyEuY753JKbEcab+dBkIuCFHBAXfyW6HnCZjYtxQWMHi0pmig8y9989uypjKxUVnunOx9PTv5wkyiRhkCpkmEysUBr2AJ2jraA0FuJjR44a2YXYooGsGJldnrl2LA81G+zo4zYnJ/u0ApmQeLYL/OsVZUZdfuzv36HQggJwQBq0VA8ZCeVPYl0qk12DdAh7Mubx0OQfwJanVaptSae6bnT0BkCosFpPSYDCEkuGwEVwl/DEXULeazWYFzhSiNyDHZDIWSyTv7e197+BBNO7CvIlE4pP/C2BnYWExUGDGlLOzLi3t1I0LfJrZ36jDq/Agl4EHZQz1RjaBx6NAc1EPDPkjYCXYHIWd3wQ+he+JlehwPivIE6qXNgHMLD5aWLfn1Nn7NQMFNFwi1mEcIiZj8XgEBlEnmBtpHTxDwJQxL4Y1KSwaJi5k96+A4HCN8YXJmY72cFdD/wfbANylLS7MTNntLM6v7cxN+UXRs0QiVEVkc6FxamjoNIzFQkXUAmsSFodzeGR9fT0qxJkEFDKnUo+dhgV9O89qLSmf7etrheVQqVTWzajMPWjjX3ZbrfAiJCi0YFaplFKpPs8O0ogFnrak5NcvK/CK7sobAOZXVBzduJy/c8vKfU4nu/2NLI3SJ6WQIg6ve3Ahrvxy6SFZKnA3Rhe8FgVoPgrJbVr/aZknI3w6804pFTg9mqjeOkxILzo+UQFW7j0SJdDcaLFRpYisURQUz+IEIsnz0SoCLa8lQHN9Wj5cort7+UEo1Dy1+ORatCk86j0Uiaw8+WZbvO2tn1fWoZtK+TuObNxUehaLDaJrM1CBAqAsAY/JhOfUIMKDN82EH431NlsAEJOLRLrScwMDVAZDD0gZKRyKAUDzgHKGskokk8komnaCmGxxx+Nmi8UiB244DNK70WRSgSNhwme/CSAPAbhr68TmZzsrJ4qLK1+XMZ9z2iPDKl6JqR4oyeX3D/u7zGNLVy9TuUFHrKvVYRfzwJ61uU1/f7ymw+h943+6qCap51ZnVL/ctHLFsPbtRAeqNGPMb6me4wiFTGhtIpFIRgoMt44vA4Dk/sNNyfOtfmvw4dVHXSrdb3/4x29WzoRHHd0Y/at//pi6bQtXOGsRc28eZe3e930o5BoaGqqXybBDYDU0Qh4PfTwKEXEFXAIwWxY0UiUgpoLNWQZOm8xmo+gpY+P2QySiEIvFqPpGbo78qr+/H0UH74Hx/RC8oUan0zyHBUKJC28AmPJwx3I0+snrAO7eVdSZujVU0mpzndo38oEtQ8nRJCY3+rhShk1lVjb6w+FvTn7UFuiOd4Q8So0ck9vyAjblrfUopictrM6X6qFWB8O2TRmTqtUe35eKTqQ5hxRes8TWYlMqULhVJA4a1PN//v5E2G3jZ+VJwdCF4j7Z3c/ujNhED5dur420R1tdBi7h9h+2V+BOMOyv9g3owLGxKpRdA5oXGG02JDnE0HLRlHO/Wp2D4r1QV3royG6ARooGIkR64Ntvf3dzaxAKK88K5YZs3MrKygLwQJbPgIbzeYBY2frTp+t5XBTQQhdO9JzXp3LTwiud2uzOzLqtsWZ6qrbz9VTajfsjreevr50hc2QSJg3n4TQFNMvx8ZW5FtNkD1EHBoRoNFksMvqYkM5R17T10zFRkA8igv5iC6c5M/IRgFJLSdMYT2Ia9pt4OAEXS7p9PRd/+Czo6DILxabqmsNjVe0cMhbU10iDfNqYkFIwFGshsQlzPX/cxoFHTmXUncp+BeCz8mQIMAggZ8smk+tBlIRhNxphSwMNViuNypaenp4CsLIBdyQix+VyRGzfrX6XtKtUkcmWlnlwJXlG4yEqqf8YSlTzeDo6qsQtEj0D0hsFl8CUlHVLJEx4uhczkcxp/nTRkezKfbW7t6xcxkRl7qsrwHtuvLNQ3ndtlcBmGOwGCleGEWzmE+dnZ7/YW21pKBCwCKAIjVa7PYuN8wiUnP1UCpGQldWx4OMT3t86UC0szkjN33P2/jG7OW7DfUMur/uulCbTlHTbTi9d/UDjWnYLFabquRZXtbSMqs/KAQBRs6Ooh/zVnCzDuxNTadu38EQx2sIvhDQ0kcFjIOsABhLYjvhflpeTKFgApYdMLwgTApDeJOjsoUg8roLWG0skyt1ut9fvj7n0DQ1g4/YSwMyjyEx7e3sDFOIqSO6RsrIydL9z4fbC7dHR0dVzA+dOG/K4y2trt15O5aaxaW3KrtTal2PN9IzFvx3NTH85D/9qtYlG44ukNfdiD86pwUSQz0RHvTyxvQTkNI1PKtCLmPwSi56EiwQkOTw5SoX/5/Hyfwk595i27iuOK5CHuLk32L72tX2v3fpZx3LkF7GNH8QYYsAEgo2h2OCaN3Zg4RlY0tLIuCUxaCMkadeGerA8iFA6DQJkaR4iqKuSDY1kURSp68LaShPSlEjTpEmZpmna+QF5Ebbevy1L/tzzO+f7Pb9zLJGuXayn7zr0z0+LhvZ/fVftG7tVXjFeQQ9MzWKY1JKn7rHy+SzzYbvCWBbvvDGTyD4H4uzI0QhUPzuLy8rPUUkyPMv3/7UuB27eETqUujmtMZQyFGpMe+PNX0qlVNvVAEDq7EpMJr7r7b2C4IEDiT9+/PgRKERQIsLsWCxW28nnA5ImH1qjyc72gPnrd7S1QV1D18VeBxQQSHO1ZWW+4+CgS0HZQAalWmp8aN+mq6KiwgGa8AKc8uc58AzvDCoiz63c3iKIl/o96WvXmnv/OP0dANQqZe4uEM5yDodNs3vbXQpLgVelZ+MIoA0AFmhYWqGGpVdpVwEuXJHo1gBuLTwUymzY+RJAYg1gQV5BPhgned0qwLkVgKC3DkdUKrWGiwBaSFd0eWE9wPR36uuh/DYeCjU0vLclpR5tawbQ5A+Hcxt+aC0cuRJPNJolw3Pn55MPUYrzZ/lr4UDmgpjug4+gkRkrmhfS6TQgue3AOMu/OsUPLNE4uhj0tROC1A82GQ0smN1uOZpQB6kkg9P9+fMciJ95RcZs25q68q8bmZnpe3YhK7cYkVIcmscbvvXXuTA4SgrnOXOCLI2ypb2PzXD0Ao1IptRSVhVXjvZQIIlpr0/3OnXSyXfXRny37k1Nhyp8x6HyZuSzOLgzWsJnY1KJ61hsZO59Du136ah4u09pzQ/Ize6AwWCMuPVKAanFSstaRZem/pKxvp3VGCosGtqc9sY+ENINWzIPnqEImV6P+VtaWkpQG2o199s/gnNKSoedyWQSbHBiEMRJFkgal6vUBZmyFdhOAkM0CJwRjUaPJxKTEcZuB4D58EVxnHfgIST7BOQCCNdqOOXyOnedA/QlRy4aeDadtWuCWAfw2bbmz0L7D+7alvrxHQ5J8BmcN3x94cYBTIq6VpYCTQdt851AAKU2wixTYrRF7XCLUBeewcjk6RYFKU0kX56RTv14gI/GS0SM1JBtPEVgJAA8PnbjfX7YmW0NA8BKwTDXbXbbe3pyAnUy0CACaWnsk47xqV9UrgeY1lj0k8LUTY2FDUWFSEifAVHCMGwmEOAOzs/Pv5tIJEqkJGkE0QJiEJXZ3EiEebSwvPCrDrkciWjID3zA3AcCuhrOVHFVTc2JkZFkkCBkQqEFzQViBEU0Qzn3i3NzQURrwASaIH50BrBQbPqL50Vkgp7YCOC29ML6tw6F0usvzgbUxhKj0SltuhBX6QkxaWwxCqs/unf3zx4DuTj+9G9/t1olYjYYBhYcRxabwvFSX6uITTW/PB+4teHiFwTd/9uHYX8G1KDJC3IOr7S7pqtLV9LiUgkwXZNT5fLli+ny/vY+jYauaf/g0pcSQ4YVe/qfLmx9OystNZSWMrR7+86h7UMr25oMhxbj4gAYiEvj4+NfeQ0GiDQLzTB29dpoH6RuNN72IdSZJperBI0LQeSB+CsImuXyc/AUR0tLvSqvBYIzGI/H/WCBWfBC45ALjF6vAXwgT6slUQ9b/mLhGgAyGwJM3/dp/cGDmek7Cy99UpCDdiOkvLC1QM+IJa6YS1F14g9fX+5R2man/n3/+x4LidOTJ1o7yzl8PvLeSnVbHZf96nDRjrd/indeW/j2gOFYcub0yFwdi6pur+mUqT3dUZuAxMJapSeWIcHCvSMXOnFFYmxpalFoUSlty/f7w6/1A3dvWhvwXhXSE/DmQOg57Hb2wOjo6DWIq9ssLhfsDlowL4VD2AchJ7NYLRq0BUHTmrm5uV7UsDaZhGLInP2QFiN8PgfdiEGy2//kyZNHYYqSicX49MzMTC1FiV0rO+4gMmi6GZg+dyIT5RsDDBXteTOUvm3nr2cjOeCtjU4S5+h6dAQmdJW5FC3d96bO9pi0s1NPl6+rLSTN7U10tUY0fIhAmlapA26Gkr4GsHxwZr6/OCMxPX/95rlAuLi7lyurjMZcAlKq9euErhqjBKOK3+3j44rJkd/f/VJiUVkk3y/3H/jBhirq5fEwjdlslotEHTenk8nPjxyp0JtMAghMAlKzCHWkUGlATT+FQLu0tPQncB96tE3Iw3moCYaSH1SLPEiHcTjkXB6OW8Eq3wJdCCc7CKnhITgcGUSgxmR60Y2Z4K8B3N746hFGpWTlWtOQ7cRpFmGz1wV7VEqVuiDbQEpsMrOmJ+JGk9qEhJSaj9olqD/VdpgFVt3QI+aTSsFrANnEgbn788M44Rh9ECsGh1jCYkuMx/LLCby5u5riumUoFnGKrZVEy7w2kidQCSAmbLYfnFDlcvnojm1xcdHBcMqbIHVFIFrQTRL4Bg0oGoPT6fS3Blt1JpMp4HC0gX6JZmXpagcHz9cqSMXVAfkAei5evHgPLLEPEp2OXln7p1GnnxKLKRAFEbR0xxOLeTzeCyF9mXU5c0va5k1bUg6Cm9to2RABJLgaod0dVFtMKm9e1EAKhLKTwRWALBYhkUpPHrUrVgDWrQBUy7i6DQAyxPDcwvywGAB+ECsufwawmaFWAZplkL0x8asA4RcL/w/ATSt/e0IRTVd6rwwCwIBOpwV5XBZE/VB45PKONtB/vpXcz2bnA0w74M7NzYqAYDoZ7+9v9npVpVB2r8FzduLsYjAYbIIvcIHQka2tfaLOLLyB6rGxsVthgmA4nKs/eglgQ/rmbfv2pbwFkbgBwM9kIpmkevrmz+0mu6jiSIWDa5eR+Kmby/OVeoYlj3uaCQqHN0QZ8lRCrVhLsuQ4OTt125P36njb27/xH31QNrj0u2wnpS8xQOHQCvQMHZ77R7LK56vq9igFWoKD84rb+8JSAQhLPsEzZvt8yemlu/972bAxtGM3ulSyZQClFqhitSCN4+C+9GBA4IcyIACbAUep35+vgTzoBMOLAEJwas6f//EgkscgINFtR9TjiSptNksf0ILyHa2qKmti2OyK2Tt3mtF/J1gFJd3d8J7BuzLMiyp8WXQZJNXePXtS3nlvwwj8jHZrbC2nv6mzV9rdR0ePdIi4lIA69c39byt1NMtcjPqBFEbihKVSKQHXpGCZKezS1OCxgtcAjj7oHhz96piT0uWohahPjLHpUzcWxmKxsli3r1IoIbjUcPVIdRgjkTKneUZPWWzs9NLU0n+JufaYprI0Hkhx4rVdevu49/YlfVrZklJa2toHWwryqMhQCk2haKUM8ozykm552IhDeUUFkZFdZ4UZioMzMosuMozK6sZFWUWJrKiziYmYbCbuupvsmI0mazbZc8pjQEH/mD/20OTec849t7c/7rnn+333933h75K3hTQM0+Ux8SXxGdTxr+F7kQHAWZvAdBO6KJicTpcDe0U2Pj5+c2JiIsMplRrBXAVs9rPU1FRlTU1NMehygTpMamQ0ft0LOFsPqJqA8ecGXVA22Ds+bpgfGWkEFmYWuIW1YvFnPwJYBadwbEjY3i0Rm9acwsBIB5blL8/cZckVhvFLzyfsKJql7NjXzKNRZQplQgwipxN8DpUG1kAyolQpwEXn3C3OzX8jYv1TbW6uu1eTA2xsU4uZTmihIjolf/BS831/grkoC9y8bEZ7Xa/NJNBaEw04NdGqilcl+zsG1o/WDIMCy10nP25ubgYTMAA25xbLF3Nzc82LZUXTpUAgAPdhc+BW4PP7C7vNzbeWjrpzb27ut8HuQKD5XPO5P7969Z8vQDsYPAcHwu8JBG59uAyg5sLiKgwTkq0B4LeIHnGV8u+ev8CXOPld87cvd3Pwsvj9vtP2g6d5TmeklODz+Sw8GD/AZqpatGKCL0Dwg8tMZAlAiUddjTMAfxbHZNsEhJOOMQXmyqaqAl+xR+tysZkESq3raxcLxNaE4ioqNQuQfqueU03B1l2FSVDiG5IWFRYSVPAFc7SFwM2mnSGwSgr+LZSwnXuXD1ksmyN+HrY8ZLFp266wWNKKlthY0rEtm8GWFBtsWzjHxp1L4qJHSY/WNKShI2F70B/I0zddaxTfuHidL8wpUjY+HnQxNInWRGPgasf+sfq8TLMgxmYS13TUuIs5ZCSlTA7uSDJbKLQ9W30HHuXFCXHoiJNrlS0qtVWVRWMjKXv87gpRRbE7IwvQGlmco28gGayZUiFHKNRFmorUegqNQb3zTpH5xrUS74a+LfILXRi2cglfMXKpeW/omy0rmt46PwCwYD0AwwsLo8KPfTMl09f/7Q9dCBkhRH0dtendLorGx0AIZ9toZ/bobH9leamt1tzVeupQtpIpoLPtFIyJoAxdpH5VnMixT9q5VPDw5iMcXWqCJd4Tn11TxSBjLhMYpvFN1qbbRd7chAHwjMw+pAQ8TOqUSNhcRI9xkrx31gt3JW3a+FMSdv60we8D8IMjO6I+iDjSnnP0wehvTNFkodDo8GebMRQ3HjcgOlXbibaSJy8vX20SmPOKAPfKtJiYcoIHFnmETqHppOqVZsyGhl+1U6l4rlBARuOsSrPSarYU4QaExy7LzmAaCyazD9upmkRPRd2XLZmZJiaPrFRZWTwDOCEmSlobQFJUYUPh7tCNpLD/QwlZBtC7LoBRBz7annbkW8f5e1CzJGaARxUgP/oc780WXemeU52V6S42WnfmuiearPEVJVildLI6Uip1+HROOaaW8lZFa6Ydaedyi1sycJSMUVAqDTBLukTijK72V9oQMgWRIDQKGC5hqQ5ZgBkp0oxV7mFqU6PJagnbvs4zcFPhyQhgfG2LWFXS0lZVG+CnYc2u95a0tMURaRFpDQ0NK7u2LYnMZ7wz6wFYuOMX4Vu/uQEBrG8rFzO8xR5gc7IMBe54CGBlWzpGYS8B6FZJpdFMLQDweF20MzpRLVkFIEy8QzUWW8oYHECW2YBSCuN0EEDcXwsAZPNYCgigVMIy55UAALma+c4ggNg7ANwa8eFHu8NJWwt/PTw8PDQ0NAyjEaanpx8+e/ZserE+NTX1+YsXL/652HXh0aNHMGgBFnDUw+GFkUsFND2DW3DkEOiB2stg9eFDcL7fD00PTQ+fPQvDJs4u+wNnfEsAxr65Cm8ID4cO1bHSHEAjgfFMo/AoKMopKlcSBBET7+bKgCUnV2hTdUwa12hE2aaSZKmCEk0gpdf6/S7m0dV24Kfm+qt1SSKcSWexJDd89060RkZK6ChPp5XKAFml4gondGkrjAZgldOqX97+oRshGEk8goKuo5GOaji2a1fsxs2QylGhVBKKfzDMpbRYLMlOp9OoAVSTyu2Faj+lMhm+MgkAK2QAMGaUjQqBdawEFoPBcdyRA2ibMiFBZc4wlzkcjusejwe+EH7w9OlTfymZTLD4MOYwWqHg+R9ce9BckFSwFGwIAYyC+YBDflaYFvu2GbP9L38a6cKTuBwMPLzYGMrh2Muyk8VisSQh9zRKFwgIvjRB3WWnckU0Thm4bHK3WsJ0XR7teBtAVedVn/c0g0nX6503+u6NtnmS9XQ2wNMpo3I1XDzOw66Se3hVNLLLZa/+x+zjbqbYWMDjrwcg9KOHLIiLOByDUCg8DGzgfEQeVA6ooKsAtMFUbXa7nR2XGCcDuz2dlZVuDkeWn99TDn6FOjLSU9HX1ydio5xyQFi0LJbcsVBuguq9169f//3Jkye5LgoHpivD8eqJ27dvX1as0MbM9M0ciCId27AhdOuBNezA7Qf+NciSMWhYli2FHKfLETGwLHMWOvigUStkCAm6AIpNGq/UoDQaBTOppJLDTTqCiTXWF5Epb+aNyTzxWFTxZU2GucSsltUF6vfoTJE6jMJJie9N4hpouFDt79gvq0jCSwd/qMGejM45aAiUe6Ho+7wxF7hVl/p/11/vP+wv07NYqsxMC3xPDr3z9IWcERjMBsVkMt01brfNYrGdu39uElQR0FU02NS0HyYgs8bAzCfJ+fn5HZAmT05OOqYuTh05efJkBRgtEokm5+fnJ/bt23fLYMhZ5sIzZ2YaQklRW7aE795GWita86scjxoRCGydmWJr/ICPyxIwGaf/O/u8G2MSEkIg9Wi7nszOB0N8WRK+uLWzDNzzSJeAjrevBrCkbfalWAXoZG1lXinGwbowe2K8UkAr6IAvW/QIDe2e72/2er3Grhx22s8AABLhSURBVKezI3rLoY/PO9gar8+Hu94H4Fde3y0wT5vA7zZCV7acLsisbW0tt9nKW2tr82EYXU9PTw1OozGqq6kxqanJfr+/qb6+fsxFcTX2n+rvqMbxsba2kSxeUBCSCzWWUDIIxZXVVEa6zZYeExNjBtfedPDgQa5I9KNL/7sz3wW9MZujdqStGe56sSJFQSZj/it7+KaygQIjwhMwCl59/9jFQwg9QddKo0uv/HtMLDOAf3Y0wcofOZyigHHOxJsA/rHn++dH/5qXl9/T05iSyGDTeagwI+V/pF1tTNNpEo9XtySktfQNWqBLWygVSyi09oW2tEBbCpQC5eWk2vJWjpeSCgoKoeiJDZxy7rquZnH3VDxEzd56x0bSNAtEjJEVLyokyskH9fSDJmcukfODn2+mVaGlLN7eE9LYh+cZ22HmmZn/M/MbEm3fcOdPD28LOAyR3nfzB/jIjLYn/35ebq3q+ctxRrJx1y4RZzMGfsvn4215CxxwXSB1mEzl65vqq6uoqOu7eXOprKzM1dzcjPfteliWmZMjhiBH2vVz12CdpW4Q4uHnfUt9mNoBPF1qr2uvw8sk0H9OJodjqauDJYODOp1OAlptoQauD/wfY+HlH5eDRiSQYxkpFj5+eRcDMRKe5d++rGEyGmt23798nMYXCIQsHovNRBw78D8e/zjHpRlzDqoTz3QWCGV0YRrteFit3N4DPy0/VpGTE/d9f2C8tyaNxaQak2PiU86cPj157qD+/HDn3V6jPCaeFhezz3eyjKc4OHZBE5tVmL9RxfrvfrMziBvzLZNDxaemMGiIwYbYsWq1+sbs7A01xDeIfhAdQCwJPCY0NjaekhQWloMKx8bR4mJZrJR64Nz09PQsyOsRqTTfZZTLY8jx8azdgt1q2OF77vNZcBy1lAkEArGNP/f7dQxc78YEqzW/OH5hFyOx8fDlEAZWIwNldJaMRKZpEsjZQQbKKwtrggxkRWCgLcjAxFUGxssTkYGjp0/3HdTvi8TADv7GDNyqDQAwbvncfC2FzgTzZmtvb69HkLAsiUQBATpWJiAQDxaxc9lsEiOOEYsCSgrg09IVCqHOZDLZEGkLZGzMaDy11Nc3IWOz+Y1GI/6oWQjyq9cjRideOUK8rxYqFJK8vNXkouXlZe0GoRxRGXBjbtTGVw/PT5VlCTLidVIdmZaozsDnxBnxlgMNccnnH00+Ok8juSxiXn/fudGuQxVWUZwrN7co54tQFb4oK9c3alIUBeJYUYsolhQtE0ray2oHvtsjdTWYBApFObjNDIQBoCUk6PIVXLVRzVyat6aVCzeQwM/NJU0B3JhrYnFOZWXOwOvXr9+9evX3/9SSyQgFjYBOYBZ0HTDm5uZuwagETcwkMUkIbomMw+eBCeqE8YnnE3rYhcBjKpUgQ9PRkYwZ+jk5euuRI3+Yn5//5/3792+BNjcAH0Us+sX3DNxqePr0adTWyBKI1ZqBzITYr8cnz+WnqejM8vysNr+RrGJzuaro6rrOnw8Ze1f+9ajRX1uQy/qq/rvR05cO5RXVHHLBZxeHuDE7fvsnlYpz3p+iyM9uI/urmcw2lrBwKK+tf3TP7ozaaJUAvior2p8YR632V1Oz09hcf6865dykNU24Qcn/FjMCMHo++7LpKpxP4NVZ4Awc9/l8R3kZGYjc0e/z9ePtHPgqDViaBE70P6qGhrJ5dLw5MoLCa1paRnIg6BbjVXJOTmY8lcqvB68RnD5+DCOmEswNmnMWL4Xz+MGDs5gTdEijqbHZPqgwNoTYGhl8jKIsTnIYnFdWFr1e78LK4kJPT4+3Z6HH6733sgcHzC6e8N67d2LlxD2v9yX8ZmFxceWEd2HBC+sW4L075FrTC1vuwQuSCAx4D2sXkDK+CdJ8+PL974KrF1fw/70SGYBR6yFsC+DGBB3p5LsggTPVtDgmqK8Q/h6YSYW3kXDI4flfVFAgVchkMhRFTG0Dpdfn5uZibmAFWA0d6rNJdxSIPDovNzIyA8jIHK5KxWbExDAEAlXe9PTU8yKr9XujfHMMVfjI7uISg6FJawiWGq/WLm93ED+ULO/YQQjWKf+xO1iPTNnxvvQZXpWONY+zDA4lzBrW1kDv2O7Eeue1pGGuSRlaJ42vDuJGAIzB5KI7crlGJJoTMZkkHpvNrQCWtBYWFgK36MkQdoAZ6AIPpILH+2rq3fy8N1BzJNe4XK6GRE3iyKVLl5plWBxW5sJULASOxyQPFh3zhWOx3CFerY5nqwRsHo+na21t1a1eKv0SAyn2VGIUJT0C+L0yvAkGxUBRGtbNEdMJa7s2UNYTSl8HXU5YTzyKQFESNrmVo8VVgixJMUMVNS9PImmF8w+Bs7HEAUtIinJznz148GDm5MlzEpaMDgIbY7OJGsCu2iBQyT6YloaAycbG3lOwUcqSsWvAqdybKw0MCOsKYLoMjBINfCRmdPTFTwFgxBYfFHt4LymK3U5ICusakO5RRnlCOURRetK1a/bCtk8gREyyG8zhcx5tuoe4SaUSu7XzQCd6zAmk2Nob89ev78nPzwdB3CMWZ2TnS3MlfD5p/O3bt3UQ4aJtAbcYM4eyFAr20pt3bybSCgtevHr1poFM1lurqirAW6TRamg1LS0tWQUF5XD+PX748OEuCPruI6Agl/upAIyYoBv2xSklpR63O0R0KFqnu6m4mxC6s7sUqzTXENKuI5QaTii9pLTE7U4PnXN+4y52Un75Yp2DOJR5eJJxWVwXeGyYEF1pajaBryIeGxtrycpSSCSSPD0oaLZCkX0qODog8GsGFZ6CQNA3ODCYCU5OR8dYDZ2eocAMfXAV6yGkOQWR3cDAQP/s7Gx9vlRasFrqtRkDCZ4mZ2porxkKsbspqTiUGYbUpmKtO7QDEKHprCPVafi4wtnkIYS1Yul2mItDGzgYtN1Nqd2hQm9IOvGNtjgiA7fs3Bq4F74WzYzGJ0NicaCrg6k2Fgf/+uTkfBZbJUNnLzkxGZPsRfv370dAFTwawYhwYEqMyXCwS7S/ej8YI8yP7pLLjWo2m82hxlPPdB471goxDObwA6GyKmuVi8z/VAxVinKd4BBSzzpLi0OYRUi64ikpdYRKoNnhdq9Kb0QJREJhPL3iMJeGSaDS6caOEZEq1h0ErWP7TrTCGpGKrRIj9B2Y2+aEBCocVxqIRHyIeQzCaIPvjlUfFZgjTUugQUQbA0FvV/94P6LriBKo1AyZTHx7bOzuixcvpvSVlSbQcix5aLDZbOA8lk1PP5mpBpaXZ2WtcaQ3xVANYJ+EabU5XRt23qWb7VF2YtgZaCau3UvQRiJkDzMtRLuZqA3rKkI0K4n2yI+zSswOu/MzZfFVLjfQTwQcvWcgU9kkJhPrKDBygH+Sb93661yFxWIC44nJpRKVQDE+MzNutQ4dNcoRUnMIsYh0u4VCLM9RCVRCS3Ag0paMy+YiNLo8WY7pHyN1Fkv70JD1b5/aT4QSwXgGW1FRgtUkgaltlHULPyz7nwhFbSOsXxjAXIiIYJmahAz80nmNxys7NnHsTLmkIBsDNdBfxHu1gQ0AE6sBH/rP1Zh7FxPT2NvbW1dl3fPk9espiFVYcCQePVIVGGhu0ROEwC8TYhK8p8XkEB2Y9Ia9e20QozAOH77ww7GJiTP9H8scfm1DFvxO2iQDgWDWGpABqb+2A9pHQkkBQsQNCUV8mOBw2lGFk64qZFl5eVIXeMctXV1dI36/PxbO/2YYEJzMjI6OLrWRSGrQ6o6RjpH++vp6hO2GGIVeW/u1qai1yASeCZoe7H8DMbCGLeM2Dw8Pm8AiYR0iyKXuPdqW/86dO34m6f/sqUTUErUGT3H6f9s7/5gmzjCOrz8okWoPB2plYgfitdMLkFHl/FUVjpldz04IZhJ7U2yrINS47BYjF9E5laq1Bl0qMCPDTKeGzCkkGOe2ZDHRocZtyVxi4v4z0cQQt0mcZn/seVpkvasYbYndkvdjDO3r3ZPw9f3xvO/7vO8jU5Lk4ByW9HCCiakYNETzrKzjRTDkNAQZ6kUS8+mjg8gXVuvihoaGnTA52wB16fMdO3ZsAAFhOtt64cKFmw8fPrw5N3JqqaBk165dhfX1GRhvBLWvFiZ+VVATl9SuXYtHFecsmVMOs7wp8HE9phnJGTcOj79vX7p0JwZvdnX9hoe5d4+fdy5JAV1hT8jCW8K81BYUgkGvKzEBKTAkhGRJDkt8W5AOtnldLyTgsBsDU5D3ABg0x5rNeSs7OjoWF2RlZYO3jKMFTC/W5efnr6+qWlWFxwgBaKrlmZlbDoG+H0Hfh9Fvy96IONNv4v3xE6EN19fXY7T199euXWuorm7oOtOF4rWd//r8nuWv9iUnoMnzl5sXeNHVJtGe4HHek6CA6TYvGPJIkquNl70RQ4kJmJeBa/Y1MJAszivMqwLXDY8OBpqafinKy1vac7DnfH1ubhGohGf754Bgq1Y1LAW3e9KB8QdyZ5nNs0pnlc5csWJe6fTpVtxrwnM4dXVvnwRXceaEsbngW1fC/8DYjAkT1oNzXmK1Tk8qqxfFuHiRkfkwCIgVR7IkWgNZF+9laCnsCkYNORMU0GyeCb/r/AXl5dvhF6yECf9b1mXWWqAuckX5yioYV3CRvrW5ufk70PVoa+vR4mK8tWPLnsNNTYeBWtAWNcVrBQsLC4thpoeLX/MrKmbPrKkpx7XGQCDQUrZoUW12dl9jUjWQYSkHZWBZJ8u4HRxrYdgEBxE0pGOYIUOOZxgaKTZGo48c9Vr5yenTgW8rKirWlZWUbcCzrLn5+XlZBQsv9/ScxXOHZnPB7/fu3cMo/XXgAGLzbWkJrC4qKqo9efLkepjDFE8cOxGXXaDzLLRal5VDh5qTkZtRHM1AUghTw8rOjs7TEyJVOdm8chT+oahock38kfAgPGxI92xDI0Rn2USnfqql69DFDVBZimISsrxTV1cHzTfj4sWLh3B1q6Sk7AMYW2pwKw4A/yRn4cJSzP3TFGgJ/LDm3TXZMP3Fo15TpkzDK0BLMDDYarVitrRZpZNLoag6ENi4urx8wYop83c3JptX7mUzUnygG/MF/zEw8GNvb++Z7u7uE9DRn+iOcmKI9u72drx88dGjR9+0t0cCC349derMlSt3rgwFLDyJTLjU23sJgxbwbfhx5c6dO13gt0SMQCk8cWNgYOAGfH7efCL/cQE1tFPyMbw4ODhIKwnTsqpEDgvKpwYHLX4vrX5K4v99UY7a9bjkmJeiZbw+eQFtSkzPCTcS1IsLaA953fo0xhaX7FbjjIunmuoeE1fEhtRvTtUZ4oq0jqfYTz5Bs4EPR3FFaXQ1PoWtjVuVfBnDz5igbphnJXcdaRDRRy6Q8cXF+cXHRPqMenUcptEX95zPp4+zpo0P4fT5ND57kgJSuKH3FXDs2DH00pt7N1/CmBKYcGMW2b6+c+cwjey+fZ8Bnz7JPYsJZyvBr2gJBNB5OHv28uXLDx48uHu3v/9PgUswx7pHUue51rpo9Y2TTikkeZRFjD/kklVPiawgmWKbpz3k8bhdjKLFGmURphGapAUcku/IETzkC+PXGnCZMB4qMxuc+dfG54ybiPdp5WVlmfEKAys6+mWLwC+r3tby4caN+w93dHYePNjTA/r19/f/9DedmIDQjB20qkv3ebxalaY+r+zw2hSFGtEGzyl9SlrwqKzZtSIj0ooX9ZzfZZOMydfAIQFPRRTcHBFw9rT3MzMz+/omLV8+PgfTO4GABQWvT54bVbAMFNxVXb0NBdwPAnbGCJhoDdRKHreqNvg4SVlnxtg5v8UjaVX1lDFJ6bHPaWgpJKqsaf1uLcsr275BdNGiPUkBDW23oty+eutqLLc/jmVTV9emGK5fx7/XMQE1ch95fP8xcN+pS0xAPWNRVwafxa2OhmYEyskqRNWbBIfFoWrCsk1lzR4S3BytU6hldLq1ss2e7Cisi8KKNl3kHmaEomawomnGjL3DmGjaNPwFyjma5vBjJIf9XlzsH6p5VAKj8JORJD74O65oKJhQoU2aRl2EqerUr6Zp7Gl6tfkn17WNgh9oUO1oqr5Tqr1LilEtZxsYKmE/cHSwj56pRASkGItiKYEyOBnl2j6lWqFXbnlYUiPgVKfBmOZmNHqjUUilgBRncnv9Mfu/HMcEFb0Z748dXimD38spN58k7uULaKcF3iEIQph287SYQgEpWpJY2atTfPfGCEixfqdCIU72mBRri4InBQKmWY4LtBj0OsWgKKRSwHSGZeXjNBX7nQmKlCLIS+HgUXw4tlPkhDZnCpqwkZZBPFHmaTd4kSltwhR0cjGTMPiOm5yxXaRb1Qc6DcrNTUdK+kANjB145wL0gSkeRNIp9TKATrnFrnvWv0Zyh6V4FB5FXiEQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAj/W/4BMSqrxS2sApMAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Figure subfigures

![Multiple
subplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiple subplots

![Plots with different
scales](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plots with different scales

![Box plots with custom fill
colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Box plots with custom fill colors

![Boxplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Boxplots

![Box plot vs. violin plot
comparison](data:image/png;base64,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)

Box plot vs. violin plot comparison

![Violin plot
customization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Violin plot customization

![Using histograms to plot a cumulative
distribution](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACc1BMVEVHcEz19fWUlJSlpaXr6+vj4+P09PT////d3d38/PySkpL/9/C61ej/v4b+/v79///u7u7h4eH4+fnt7e339vb/17X/wIiIiIj/6dXz+Pz/yZmOj4/MzMzf39/6+vnp6enQ0NC3t7fm5ub7+vrX19f49/f8+/vs7Oybm5uXl5by8vLj4uLJycmBgYG0tLTV1dXHx8f/+fPz8/SGhoWRkJCwsLDY6PLl5eWhoaGgxeCenp69vb2EhIR3d3fS0tKkpKTw8PC6urp/fn7a2trc3Nzq6uqZmJh8fHyurq6qqqqNjYyPu9q81+rx9/ucw9/AwMBxcXH2+/7FxcXo6Oj/69loaWpzdHRhYWGnqKjDw8P/xZPc29v/x5Zubm7+sGv/vIGTk5OKiopVVVXc6/Xf7/n9+/r/uXx5rtP/3L5sbGxCQ0Stra1PUFGnzeejyeKGtdf6////woz//Pn/2bj4/f9lZWX/tXP/4cdJSkv/9u3/8uU8PDy41OeKt9fG1d+mpqb19/fs8POVuNHc3+GDsdE1Njjn8fjc4eXU5fEgKzNbW1v/0ahgh6JUeZI0T2JulrLj5unvuYqmwNHC3O2WwN2xzeH/5tDv9Pjr7e50kKStyNvyy6jl0L39vYXh5Ob//v1GZ37u18Ph2tM9XXXd3t7/7d719fb8067vr3e6ydQ4R1Gx0OZ8qcj4uH9RXmfP4u/b5u4wLi3J09qJn66ltL/5+fqEqMG8ztvp5+XL3Oh6h5Ds49tpeYV9obvm6+/Fy85rm7ypxNcZNEfJlWX18/KOgHP24M337ufmpmvJzc+Ur8Lu6eeJlp8rPUpzXEifXiWfYCgA6jH2AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAF31JREFUeNrsnP1TGncawAsCD+sLAXzB6LIgYQEVRAUUX0BAEMU3ooHE96ipRrExakjU2DSNSS9NLr1JziTXXqKdDNekM71r5mba6c30bvrT3czdP3W7gC9J0FVQQf1+fmA3y+P6+Jnv7vNdni/56CMEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQxw5AJAQSiAQigUggEohAApFAJBAJRBwdgWQ5Tr53KGCjX0ugr+7d4yVb9gUt1L/sIWqPYJ1ogcIBY6GdhalIMY8DLkLAAhLzdldWC8QDfd19PIBKsLnCgTLSL8cIhUDAcokpgV6lEJTZWHVlj0ENLsomp4QkeC5SQZ2hJBtkGFRWi0+AwIZCAMyg1jakBb06d73CAGyrW5am83DveexphU6RRO+2lAF0eQutkw6nwWF0Tbn9lQBBS7C0Fvfoms2TZaYJH98+4WPbR8w9Br/LODFhsBi5XoP8BAj0BKgXi6tL0xRoDMKE3A0euduFm+e7vaoujd18ocxSXxgEKPNqBV6W6UHaiPYB1HcC+KpNAXaP38zBPeCzdRosrk6DyQOlF84XDdf1WIgJedB+EkagyQGCSrfC1KTp7HOD12oBi9yB+8qnuBNEF7tyYCDb3yDnA6jwCbu/stkv10vDAgV+oT2NrS1p8fVI1gVKTA3gLbIEjLi2EJsg+3TsEyBQbHC7u0wDvrSGnpAB3Op69wOlhG+RjAjrJfZasAyA3FtfBNCj8+uL3U6HTsOddHsrQeAQ1gVqu4p1kurzpvAlPOAbLmqBdMd5u0aOF2Nuaz196Z+AaYyCAyDjiUkCYwEPVLIcapvjyhEQCpIEMocqvtVUmSYUNsCqMay6hDvhoss2S0CISZWtGgMbhy4iwi6JWUyCoJtFkCoVCSxMxkHzwFjYWmIe5kvYOUdkGkOywuTksJggWfsQ8v7vyVHFjCAxjNz9SeLIJAfbJ4EKSzGbxihhMyFJZ4pI38VJjEwRu8jE40k4E0NgnwQ6G6IDsZoxVAr7EFJNMl4SzJlkZyecibRhnwTy0yJbHpc5lGnUA8ZnPAmXxxSxi0w4nIQzWf+74xMoiPwSJDBOgYI0nQAIjU5P7YeQwDhGoM1NgP4if5i64ejNWBibCMNmFxYWKrBt6fsJY0DcxxSBiWxMEXQmDMhke8uEHjS3V+XLpzcPNSYkEAwCwM08A2DNumEunyKkxKV9gy9fvhx8scyPTUjbt763XYhTG+LvTAhXMoRQmTCexGplColkEpJKRatOvbLJG5T7b85/Pf69NPq+qM6ciMDyEbyOW29spqvRZ5FDLC5kDK2twcPreVmxyXvzMrozdjmBS5jx8z4W8yWsVu/yErZV/vy3ed+nX3317d0f/vQTLGVuBIQSGoHK8kYRpsCxd4tIRha1XcvYjoVXC9G9Z4MFm/TOpeQ9kAuctZYHk2W/mbWr7deuXmu/Rh3NzNyne2DsaUxY4K6KyF/yN3k2GB2YQzNwajlVBH5sGBn5+6NHP9xd2Xo0ZQS+w+z6wLw+0/+YHpP9BbNJFSgu8vrufPv7O+Nt1063Y6kvcIOF/GcvwoNyrDc3N3cxOQLJorLSYO3307cuVY1+kG+KCwS4GrmEFyl/vf3JEEjik1OmqtFLmSulsd5OeYFbisi5GarszB6qQJZpysyxwifTNTUdP0qPusCFIaqsXJ89PIHd3WVTJvozxI5RejLBP+oCwwxVHJbAbsNNkwpgpbW1dfyLbSdUR0/gDFWTFw9eIFda5BdR27PT7e3tZ+H4CFygSnJv7kELFEpuBih5bZmZT6d3ntIfOYE0cwcskJB1DtAVo+3TtsylqmMoMPdABQo65z1ROW3MT+VI4AcClfN07aBZWjqmAm8M5lETmoUDEdjin81sjTL+4zEVCBXUY/JM/gEIFPu+/MOV8fvtEU7DcRVIU3AAAu3LX7+lHnj3kgkSuClQ4ZtaXtlrJkhgFLUNah1nrrUigXEKtFmKR0er/jGdNIEcnAAQ4eJDE9h7g6oka/sk8Oq/HkzdGa+p6fjjoQskcBu9tJtVX2wGhUNDr27Y2lQ6OIGXx/Lyrj8MC0y0qXSq/befH939dDSeTDITbSo1T2hpac500IGNXqz8Tlvz1Zudm4laJ39XzcQYLIf4yy8e/44i0bZmqFRyD2+0SqVxZCJ68kSUWFvTbGjQ0KNA0l2foy/E32usL7zcuVndJ06osX5usL+39+Hq81OnEmisC6D2y/8K9tpYj6JaWkqwsa72eOgZFNbgKDd1p0t64J2lHQd4CYcfW+le3uDj17lzGfHfA21y6a0rcS/tSPgeWCQm7ZHz0+uLsMOrwhvk//n13NBc3AJDk7+OLnUkT+BFHE9PyjRmk9XTMPeQKskV8QgUz/96pabjfvIEKowXu5MskJrG5I9lZWUNLu5dYJfzzqUYH6geokCl0ViXfIGRmeG5vQoUtNyzflKVXIHF8mxeiggsGCso6H22F4H6eSXUJFlgrduTKiOwgirJr3v3ILDZRf1ksgVyWuShFBFIc65g1wJV7in6GSrZAgNevCGFBObvXmBgJPyt42QLTNPV1h5FgWK7MPLtCGoKk1SBVnax8AgKzAn6MMA2Vh0ks4jgnJIjKHA4uLZ11UESBX7mkNhTqYhcz83NvcEkkJQr7mduXXWQzHtgKYGlkMDZy5TAwYqdBYqDfph+mrll1UESBV7wptQIDJOXsbNA93kSWs++Nx1LlkB9WbM+1QRm7ShQpbCKAVrbU0Vgkab4SAkUeHWnqNoxnSoC+zoDmlQTuLnqI4ZAx8jbcWr2soJ9IBCzZQt3QN0Y6+itW9EdIk6BeEtZdqoJnBnLyhp6GFsgWWYb7Yj1SMoBSsKZTUgaQkWQ66hKSLEqsivGNo5+/nlkW+mKU2CzShVINYGzGRkZi4P9Bf0FFe8L9BgBRmu2EUicrdog8oWGbK5649bZqALCGZ2Gb/6HPe3RWwHGiVOgxm5vord1nhBAeRP9525ta+btfMoQs8AQs8CYbc3F/Pz8ofyNTCI03XvS1tYRawSq1SCcvTJds8443SGu9Ld0SXGXnCW0NmJ6mV7ZCLiTh3fLDB8KVMfZ1hRqaulHOZlOLgFusFYBoOjUkDwKFsf53X/+ytsJlrKEx0CJksUQwXJyYoXcvn37dO+/v4tmEo4Q5xj+ufL0m2/exjgJl8tSnOnYnBhmLgkwTOgL4Oc1Pk2tRmfoMTb4O9kXLmpLNRbl8EYr7vnzyJZQsKxxfeXfRKhM1KaRDTrQBuvYIKgrLOzm0jjlq6/ecHcEF3EZEOFMEVy5c5s3Vh+/WI1mQr+6NAb1nVv/++WX6hixej2XT3bcn/04wtrS0hkx4bIo/8/embg1kWQB/JtILALYNqQ1kIsk0jnMKQkSchFgCRAhIUGBCB4cHyKBKC5ew6Ij4oHLsV6Dx8wq67HrMY7XjqOzo+sxu/Ptzh5/0nZ3AgET0piEdMO3Tw1NW3SKX/pVvX7v1StmuUwtaXPw3Q7eqrKGNksl8CuazBxpTlCEU1NC4gC9XeyLC6DC7cbNGFitMYgE6jK8lhKzOTRSLEKFITL9hBahwguWg5nJn0EIFXaf4s84ryKFzcZU2PVgdgx04eZJYX1zGQ82pDlMVovNUe1Lk7v15mbeDlXYcpsKq7AgPhVmKAi3mrYG5rNERGE/yieRWWkNRUlWf4+/ToxdmvG9RJ9ENpx1zY6BLqIhW5mPQAgLNZntANkoZKEgH4YaCqVo8iYRm15vo9ssHL4DQ1ES5IIr8I+r+zyzvpfoABcun1KJ3+RRS70lDNB5+7aTtgBnoiTIX799MWqqi3WR2ACJwQRdEoA+tdpHW4CEg4sLwBcP9x9UxL7IggCRCID20MCNQMkACOx2QGuAuf2ZmX+fLFCCOABW653VDFYwY4UFhCzsJa1MiA1ZUuwP5EQTBwgVRiFAL4BHd61Z/81/DGARAHNWK5UyqFjJZMFKIt0CdZhlBzlmgUEhYagrFE4fQy7u9a3K5hjzjQa2BUkcoJRX7tMJaA0QF+t/jy4GIEvT02NB2nuOVDp69gbdxaqNVRKnRW11HGfyypkWi9XvAHqGD0jkTea2JAAEokZjqYruAHM07zMXAxCF8GxBvKoOxAp2zOiF9YUcuUmnaisycuwmk05bXmmpllf4ndYifTIAAoEhg0lzgAoO+BkF8YyBoCU/RyQUoRoxqvN/xkexA8TMF0nFZbBGXCySJgOgQavl0RrgwKvR71zv+zGDsDsxMwawlsSM0bS1aWgNsPPWm86XNswgPNxFSzsQpKfTehbWverDLLZi3KpeQ0+A9DZjbIPPAiGHaiYpwD/jxVVCQmRd273aqCrMdodHiAQBumuaS0U0Blhf0+laNMCB1u2z/Iisa7FTb86vFmiRbIlNY1dptEXYhMKH3A7MrFRWMwUas058wuwvTgAg32o0MmgL8MXY0KWRB4sG6OGGc1yJsgLi+iZfFa/R5JWLG/UZjWJFm8Ch31uz2+gESCPP6nBUHbf4msycRFTYpNHI6QpwY48lr64Oih+gpkaj2SZ2K60G1Q6zSA83lBqsRrPfL3ICdlOZ1yQq1Zo05YXlaE78ABGTCaErwKqJztmeABLnblQV9npRk5inARaxUJ4hMtpVhmYbr1TCUx8HUBHPLK4Qpxf5mvRuPj9+gG4Oh57emNOPn94b6ZgL8BBmy9z5pEkk+Lga7KMQEgLsL8CfUQh3jJR49ZxhsBLzB2Zn09If6Nkz8agvkDcH4I3ftnK5O7+cWeOZLDNmCk3MjNFyOMRUr63Bg3NimC4AB261f5j9JhwX7u5aE1rjGQmQvToegKHPSBhvYF1myJCBYFAJGzPaCwBNgkpTY3MSJpB5j+u50crosdmAVcmOJbLsKCfhM2dg4qASjTOolBFc6kWENdPbOF56hDUrDduG5gQvg2HNmWDnV+d/h0lkWJOpFMSS2/zsyJPKCxeCP5XNlMQX1qxROPDUjny1jVNc4ThnpENgHUFNg7Ytc1qEAutBufu3ndevX5+ODKxjr7EE60kUuXw5+BV71/gC66yiGgn+1exML8sBXvyY8tSOvI6/XDg7t/rB/BXrUbNYF1EGOWpPahNdsV7DM9HJjGFdzMq6OH6zLzCv+kGUZQ7rN0VMInH1JNH8QInTJ6HTMoeOPVlZV0f5H7WIArDrMGYVHqUeoD8jw0GnO3BzAADrxx2KBrB7O5fbv4tygCyBymTy0glgn64ossUCiw3neggpAgili9zuCjqp8NVT7kUDzKQeICjlKQxuGgF8/a8o/BYEuJ56gEBiENBlmcPprIvPn0WtHraQCu/E7JnuA9QClHNUdFnm4Cq5Ovr89CcABIcxgIe2UgvQfLBRTBOAfcd6VdFbxCp70hqswUXdclebTkcTgM+e2sGnAwz5ZygDqFsl59MCIFQ6+hTEATDkn6EKYLWpvYked6DuyI8dcQPkUmYHFqi8PlrYgWIY6du8/ACyCsxOJw2Wu67edv/bjn3LECAuOZQv9coBvN6SkpJA3jIEiLLhFg7FAPP54stZMVvQGKDIwlFTXDemb2x0fH7N8XgAXrlCmQpHUkkhQAiAkSNiTx5ICOCdndzz51s/pxYgkckOpRZg3dClLTcnT24guwgZwBt3cqenW9dRCZBVWq4CMgYHTzhPTVjzrCsQGCo509sEN5BunY6Q15E+MdW9Lp6ezAEoSAQgk9OgBlJpdQ2ARMcZcBomMqZW9sM3abFEZstPI5F8myzyx2AYtg9fOHbs5e+LqmBYy5TFvgbeE5K3kf3q5PXrJ65cufJpPUljX7vGnjnkJ7LDNVEGGWTz7KkA2HAMk4cv7XbLOXahTJYsgOenp6d/kGFCBUC8ELdbcG6VJBUqfHFPIFASWAvt7SWW4DOTocJs+PNWLre/KzMz8wAVKoyXglfadTpJKiaR4FY93mK3cJ43Jv5JJOwP7N+1YC3WFWTG4J2Gq3oEH7mzkgGQ8BDmrniAtUBq3GsHSwSQu+IB1r6td0gjHapJA7h1pQO8N1rFBksHcPsfc3NzN61UgGsHdI63z6M4VJMH8MvtXG7X9pltzA+sMIBDE6fG93UsKUBcMncFNylf09W/ogBW+h/K2VEcqkkHOCtHd60ggELDYNXQfpBSgOFHgWUPsLjZ7miJKJy41ADD2QvLHCBaPlj1uLNj80iKAYazF5YzwNVF6g9F39fh2249gFIMkHg2wbMXpMsUYDFIY7e3N5/t7HjgWsCVtuQAg9kLZ5YlQLu6dy9aDB4MlZSEirZTAJCwDr/+Q7RNc2gNEOFzjMx6H+6tcsXY9C01AI92/WnN+p2Hlw1AlsDf4j5SbgP/PL0vXPGeQoBgLTYGrvv1sgD4ocCPGHreTZa4+gKu4T2/qYtRdS11APHprPvQx9U/6AYQ4ct/uXx/dOLtteEtHXghxLP3OsjGyRQCPLA1N/fwnLxWygFm46pRh5l3j0++2ey39jY/f/fIlPWi9mJtbVZQaW8ISN8vhQDnW4ZJBUjs7soUfQzwa48nL8/j8dR5Bgawf/s9dfv34wcDeXV5J15PmXVlr99MvLs5fH+wffiXV8+GS1x1i3EiUQpw1jLE5UWSAAZ3d1Xz8HRfQSg6hUrApveTkyMjY2OTW8bGx0cmb94aG7k1cWto/P79qz/2DD7a8qi3/bvJV5oWIBMucGEom/R3l5DWdUIlpBeBYbIW83qC7y2LS//PX82eu51wWNPbLGsDrGr9DkYGJrs5Vobh3z2DVuvgYC+v59Qp9cEnT9o5T54MOpuOtFe1NVZZMvbyHAyGXK7IYOzOiC68+oX+Z0YYVg5JE7wnZBcpLydrMq8nM413//TTzNndFn8CAIndXfmOAgP2cSMosQAUsTnQux4WC0UhiIWwIAjF7jK8fCuEbMDOIjkoinBkCCYx1pgiaRzks9iCOmwkTfCekF1EoyFpMr8nd2ck54twC1YCAPHdXavtCnXL3GFFRao4biFZC6Gb9CIq0uFrET2pqEhCTxKahYndXSHwf0ncjCEGdhEk0cFAKVq4Scv/2rub3kSBMA7ggWqm9mAomswB1gLxZXxhMAUiEUTAVYGLjcaqaZrI3oznnve+n8MPum53m222O/aycZPm+R3NZBL+zswzkDBUEeotUJX91wcyh67lQqvDrBIFv420Thkp7FJz6HBoZKByp8WsDoZcELracZwy58OiexzlD1xR1s4VoLxqzPdeW5co89rVHbpdDg3s+cwN5U6pRvtyNuFZI7tGzHLkEFfSWRuVYri2qh6Wm5OMtUTVbJIYcZQ3eeY3vrtxVPn8xbe3unCmAFGqoXHm7luY3cQTnWFy4cvsT5OvFfJobTKkM3d6N1JFnyaWYIfMToxJIo9SjMwxswlNkOh1eBQxy0Dg3RC+m4mOfK4ATa1najIZsY/PFaOcebdbz0J29e/LQ6o6WIiYc/g6G3sG5o03Ly3/zg9zlG76ZhCx3mMqunxdyAwN53TWSF+Y7ZH+jZfyVvVMAXZXjnSfcE2dvcLFK4oMVcCYOSsOO+8hTRv21GW1qPNPc4LDa33LjHigq0JmltzIZt6nPKVyvHS4i4hZrMnd1xqiVUMn9TMFWCjWiwXxZFk+Nnivk19n6RZOd1I/Xf3rlfc6eT5iWzzZpCC+28k/nsIAAvy4AQp/7lnCl2W0+mOztyDHcjGezXsIbV4VDk2GAF+W9Cny6Zxz45LBGcImFHEe9ajSVWuK5sYLc3CwjQNPFFSSaq7t24FC565Sy8oQ4LMS71zitbd5tPuWdjVS7+m2h+hgEQ72ZLZUm/2kTXYK6ftIHgZP9l2y9uKlGlWkPAT4c9u7mxJeI3ZzbG0vsWriyVUeqepNZKVkZgVpvOk7q82E+EhxhHQsfWpKuayEA0mDAJ85ubozHNN53NjLWPdTTJMc6s5babqnShIkMyW0dN+ml+h2u1g3kp6dNC6EYf6qAgH+5RnQ61uKNz8bt6+eaX3+70UEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH8530oiAFpiTFP8AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Using histograms to plot a cumulative distribution

![Some features of the histogram \(hist\)
function](data:image/png;base64,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)

Some features of the histogram (hist) function

![Producing multiple histograms side by
side](data:image/png;base64,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)

Producing multiple histograms side by side

![Using accented text in
matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using accented text in matplotlib

![Labeling ticks using engineering
notation](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAzFBMVEVHcEzR0dHw8PDGxsbAwMDT09Pt7e3////6+vrk5OT8/Py/v7/m5ubIyMj9/v7+/v+Zwd23t7ejo6Po6OioqKiexN+rzOP2+vy0tLSmyeHC2uvI3u3b29u8vLzX19f6/P6wsLDf6/SsrKz29vaUvtvo8vifn5+61eiixuDt9fnZ6PLLy8uwz+Xy9/uNutnT5fHDw8NppM3g4OC10ufO4u/q6urk7/aDtNaamprNzc2VlZWPj493rNFZmsj09PSFhYX4+Ph8fHzy8vJnZ2edCqD/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAD8lJREFUeNrsnYt2okgQhgcQSo0iYIOggIAKclEBb6BG1H3/d1pM4uzObjIT4mTipf/keERLPPnS3fV3dSvfvv1WweXr20ULA8QALxfgzo8BdKL3dDCv7YDcVoClQd8Bkz8DteZLYHWex7FQfigfX0Uf/jlFHhazzydLtz95K5K9RYCVjFJpyyYrMSHLemLDWk41yvYRbfgZRVsPskFCmdAIgirLGW3JWV3TK/VkT84Fnw+NNAz9BypNkY7qkCY9NjZ0gSC02IgtHTSftgiBTh98jQpXvExp1M0BTHweIWHrh7bNC7YPiF5Zu780ns8Sy96vkLGKgU32a74ZW3a2QpqxF3xBQCyB7JWRJXYPWZa1CtcGAsO2d3piGba1XzetzABkZauEt9E+odFeCA1hzdwawKa/s4VQ69USRNFaaLAhH1oUr5XkFb/iNSOl7IcUNAPx7FawQ0T4KKESmUKMvufDik0YpTAUSppdokPw7XW5ZqOMR0mYtzwdSoJm8JmGEq0m2A8aMh52d5hEyk8DW++/D9f0txq1+sOhGt9OEmmWqI+o/v3m/w+/Fl7/2eH/5bNXAzClyQsUv7sagETlEj1gCQPEAL9GXgsDPEuciwGeB3CEAZ4HEHfhs9TlWAzwHLU4nIXP0kjEAM9Rw8UAz9NiiAGe1QJNCQM8S5MAAzxLM+eKAPZoku4BfVEA2+0rAqhmyKB6/EUBdDpXBFBPLJRu5YsCOJ1dEcBqs9ysXlIX7gJIHk4iH1d/BIqJAX5oCuwCC93HBQwHGGARSYuX3KFA4LUePRBdDLCAOtFLzuiPYekMos6pHIgBvq/00u+8+OZlHzaKN54C18UAC3iWzkKCdo6sNeZgOWwHSuOlnooBvsu19FuuCJF7rMGIo74YzMRTPRUDfFfhQIIW5+apFzrOcCEOuYE4wACLTdsa4iSaQJ6BlZkkLbuK5GCABTxMbpqHwbhz7MvB1AkiUKIWBvh+HT1fMJ5Owcl/uU57870WgwG+R+zRsjiRp3THXegsJyaH98YUc4FHYO1oJB7L+JPIZFsYYLH1I+WYiccN8VgDNB8HPzx5FQC3Wo2ff005y20AzKbHKsICRC43MoPH0fUBDNdIC0nhKwBGg3+Kz9wyHwtHUff6AFZQiNQy9QUA3cf2s4t5KiQsj7OSgL0+gFDNf/7wGCgFsyELM1H5vpENFOWVOJxEXi2btoCTlCCAYMJ1RyfXMnAxwPeW7B04UuubYksyPelnoRjgaw0wCtgjQHc5Bk9yZhhg0fozFzzvXmsfR8CliwEWnft6w8H3hDHZAAZYaObbYLmWeNo7BNAYYYDF/IvX4kBsO+8MxwD/q43jirnl62CAH528SQsJpLGHAX7QwiyVmQPOZoABFpWS5w1z4nKK04H24wgDLNz0xmx10zcDRfFg8shigMWqzlOpPe0M20Ono4wHYEaAARYzL4rYdTftPHuYwaYFp0+B3ApA2ufnnwpw0H/y0Pks7nE0Pba+7k0BZNb7h5C0PxGgNDmRfGx0NkVeeRUAd3UDxZ/ZArv9U4tj22AqNwfwuXd9GsDR4Admje4tAvzMJNKOxMmHX3zXALvPbllyNl0M8CPyntMF1/o4v3sGaOaeZXDauYEBFpYTsYEyzZPTzxeNMMC32p8omcPBcul833iAARZrgLPZVGwMFv0Gt8AAiy57mANQFu74+Kl9SRoCBljQu7THY5ZrNaLj4GdGLgZYSJMNiCPFy1Pv8rhwxJ7H7w4BTiOXg/Ywb32m+xtOd38ARUmSwI3av2k8vSOAeWd1RWckLqLct0STewLI7qB8PkAzgqkzXQYQ5b5lMrongIxBIbUcnglwujG5EXAeDFj4fbqOTeYyz1MkOg8gy81EEX67rgJgbNQ05sO79BeTpzUOc8g+OncK8KwkMhovXWgvQZnksw8MsLg4zxy3OSng4FN02wDHLnj5uOcFbivyMMDCAL3Igf7LLqERYICFAYoeFwSfuyPphgGak0AEacligB8DOBtLnS50u4ABFgPoKv0Z250E4xb8Ed0awNl4MlD6fakzAgywEMDRrOOI/f7TV1p1WfhjuhGAg8k4cNqLlgt/WtcPcBE4DscpA/gaXTXAluctnHFn1vkqetcLcDCbeZOgL0mi04Iv1bUAnG9P5SwvULi+OHWCoNOFr9eVACQRXy49AzRnC7cFF6MrAchY/LkV6TvvwipzYd9kfoVJJCWYV0Uyv9JnRsjXA3Ae1l8V4uu/0GdGpOzVX911u/tVxKH8y4jqryJu8wrXOhOrsQrN7Xz7xt9XiRmCVXvNXvOtiHJa7em1POSNfwRL9OiaHufvpZPMoXdbAP26jJDREwTNfv3i042KpllNw0JItmuvn6NqHebZOkECX3odoJbKgmFUs9XKtkN0WwBLMm8ZVllLkfBGP46FEiJ5xBPI7r2x4G7HjCVbhJy8cS1mq2QYFl81eCPU7PptASSZXm+3hTJ7aL4xiG3nOxKqux4cmm8MhGzeuVnYsbv54fWA+eFQPhx35+yqZYa8LYBFVT18ihe8H4DHa9andBhX9Lrvq2kcsxhgIT0ga50ICUKZbVurisDjFlhMNaap0rRNhDoRV2jdiDHAj2h7usPgMfAyhAHeI8C4djilUJU+WbzecbZRLue3MVR6z4fkU0dljneZODfTlX9Z7iYLzIu/jg/AVmPo/bxb724GoLpWEUvKOpWWiL1G6xWo13WZRjWVtQ069QXdoh/0LK1olKblUOgVQLrWVN73s7jMp0SdItRSSlC0ysdaHZprJo9JDJXgU4hDVa6kREWraXM2VPVQNSopTfi+vk41NdRvAeDWEASaR/baymyBr//FkIK1zuesAgLLTwRybzxoWSKg/RpZqzzZli2SEixhpSUo2c1XaM3vVyvGyGfAa21lCzt/Zc1VA8kCEoRqaOdTZ2ufNO1Mqyb8fp3INspWupDZmmyvyVsASPK2UaMy6+/2zr07UR6Iw0e766BiROUiN7mICiigoGgVXdbv/6HeYO1ud1v7irbbYvPzeIPIH88hk5lJzLSU1b3aaA17aZtt9fT7YR2meottsF2V3bBrVmcb02GrBL2f1ZBdd1vDtcqG5Z9st7qa6qraWLe6K/3uW//78Gel0m71zFZDpZT1aqOvNt1WfRgizK5r4q/rLr1Z6epQ796GDcx8kTAL7VMq29MDPzKTSOn9zFChNDuG41eE26F+vwPU7vB3k/7wDhC1V3HbGv6G7SU2nA/WDT08DxFfeq8AVcO/7aPsdH+sZJfKnjWquDYwrT4V/ezDQSH9+whdffhC08eD9MP5p9f41Zx+4Zr0Hy3+anNUpTgAS2rpE8qkigOQ/ow+4JRsvEOWt32MHI0AvEq2QwBepWORDALwYoACAXiN0LE6KQF4oR6rkxKAF8ojAK/0YjgC8CrFNgF4lQyeALxKjxVbCMALdagXWRiA/Syt+bnWSMtSgQCG6zrbS+ufCuDjvpeFAPh9s2pN9+anAhjNCwSwPK1Oy5+sC09cMohcQU8A0SAAL8ohZGlUNBuAHROAudy+4xYCcgRyLGxd4BwCME/csT2OGYwFvuTM5F9FhwnAs3JXVnR0+5Y+JLyxHAGjEYA5vOYIh75GtpzBZyCxZZGHYz6VADxHTcsZ2JDgTjvgOMHnIpnTGDKtmcMC2uBx3jbOImA7ZmwuZhwCMIckCRDj4qEXokAMeHEp2BJPAJ4vHqOzR0s5m8vkR6NJAmLiEIDnixtgiBY/grkNkS1JM/xKlnbkGEOyKeAomfPIynZjnQf+k82lCMAzZzClrWPHIg5JZq5gPDlJAP6/Bll/nSeIw4MJjkn+3CapGACr/ZD6mHQWepz+cObA2UZWO9IrHsDSpm6OPyah6jsHL+ZhLFliW+jNtOIBvF+x5jhVPwCglyUR+GPu1FoeDCIqHkAUpv+8C0tzB/t9ro8d5sfMFXeIPgQooA38gEHE8i1fhkhmkGAd77ngpb28CcAXU/Zylq7SfM927EH8arlcAvCloXc2gay7upYFciRJBGBOuf5EOCy+4nHMYVkxAZhTomwfnGdoCln1YUQA5o19Pe53xVLh9TIQBOAz/yXWmCYnj85sTgD+raXkcWBPZALwQs34mAfeCgjAC12YhA8iiJKYAMxt/HCv9RzHEvEHaeYRgHlvvaUP4DOxKPIBzLcaAZhLNVeOREMSOUkSsedszIAAzKXRcukZiYhExp0kHjj+bQEMe++8wNLzs2miQRZ3ONEsT9nmQgDcb36od++akR5Jv5ZhIWmW55fFKE7aGr7vIvOm9Tjoaja41s0BBHjXvzkgbfC07Gu+sjhkEAGQl9HlBcMJQIAJM/MIwEsUP1g7xruibO4XBiiAfJgkF64qnPt1AQYJjKzM9hkiAXjJghcLh72uzwQgSQTgRbkXWeKQLDFgGwRgXmka8EbMZN4fJzOIAMxr/pYMHnprSWb8gu1VN+AXBGjgThtzMdOEJPvTuTYHAjBf3mArWM3RBN99kvEGl/t6AEVGsiFORm9kDr4SQASC5CLGTSRA2zkBmNvzW4LEMSKPsmEjcr4SwEq3ZFavBijNHM7REhnmb1nUtBAAU1VXp+XhlQCZ0YRrvnn58GJse9IOdRrdXwjwmCAdcMJs8va5sNu3gchaahBwEMmwdAnAC9KlI9mOLX9uaaA1CcB8ijwYWNh39l1nK8O76KYBDjA17thtA40AzA2Ql7iAe98VSTcMUPMCH7jEIwAvAxj7ljiAQQwEYD6ASM6iNM/1DfgnujWAjjWRLJuzRBcIwHwAHccY8RM/wNbPiOGf6UYANj3O4kTJlTX4xyo+QC1w3QmONOBjVGyAgocMS+RFWQAgAPMAbDqO5wWMhR8GfKiKB9AJpEi0GI5hRDxWaAAE4BkAU71RazwAlHlpbgjwWVQQgB29W26Tql6XA6TU0ifbBvnLLy56K9WLA7Cn11/SN71Vf13v2kKvFae6a416JoSlLPAbdUqohlBvgV9PtsCnagp9ukUNKKhBjwZ8pedtskm+ogB8QZ0Kveh0oHO6d4d9egGdzn5xskW5CqmC6P6pa/RDpKRKCkpa2VdfnBQtMMBet8uael83+ydt1L2up6aurE6WNi2zMGaV1XB9CqBZMtv6uMo29NUP6sYAKkPdNPXwFYCqqutVDPDHyZt0v1pMWaXb1k+cT4d3JmtOS2zjrt1ObwzgIuyUK5V95XQHDensfKW2359qsVPKuxDt4FQDqrevUtXdrkrtYHdrXfjK1Vq/X6/SlwDYDFW6XEnpXZpWdh0Kv9fU74teNWwRgGeGDOywvWHb7bvVZthuj1Wzr9ZXbbNBAJ6p79XxWJ+u9bauT0vdu3Eb9LGirhSdADxfFISVzC/ORoYFKDv8XlYIwA8XAUgA3hTA/wCxPD3bXd/BdQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Labeling ticks using engineering notation

![Using a ttf font file in
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using a ttf font file in Matplotlib

![Legend
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legend Demo

![Mathtext](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mathtext

![Multiline](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiline

![Rendering math equations using
TeX](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABuVBMVEVHcEx/f3/o6Oh4eHiIiIjS0tLd3d3////29vZxcXH//v/+/v78/f47iL5Ai783hrz09PRLksP4+/3/mZnO4u/j7vb8/Pz1+fxSlsVGj8Hw8PDB2uszg7vs7OxYmsfh4eG71ujZ6PPr8/n/9vZ2rNHMy8v/8fH/0tKQkJDb29vAwMD5+fm1tbWWwNzJ3u3n5+dwqM+9vb3o8ffy8vLl5eWlyOHW1tb/1dWszeSexN+Eg4Oenp7e6/S6urr/+flqpc18sNNmosz/wMD/7e2UlJRencny9/vU5fH/6emwsLD/UVH/3d2MudmCs9Vqamr/4+OGttfu9frPzc3/2NhlZWXZ2dmRvNqZmZmLi4t0dHRhn8v/zMzDw8Ourq7/Xl5PT0/Q0NCx0OWHh4dXV1f/V1f//f3/tLT/jIy10uZdXV16enrIyMj/Nzf/aGj/lZX/g4N+fn7/cHD/urr/SEj/oKD/xsalpaXR0dFubm7/Pz//BAT/rq5HR0ekpKShoaE5OTn/fX2qqqqsrKz/p6f/dnYkJCT/j4+oqKjExMTGxsb/KCj/Fxf/kZF9fX3VdHTXRETTuLjUkpLTiIj+7ckRAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAFsdJREFUeNrsm4tb0uofwE9afpW7IAjIRZ0CKponVEpzJlMjUMnIvGCUHS6eHi5xy5BzytJHTe38Ln/x2cCUdMA2t1k8+/qIG5u8vJ997+/222+CCCKIIIIIwlRAkGuJAFAAKAAUAAoABREACgCZSziXcEIg7RMAMhSf1R8/dVqcCPlhp1UAWAMgBq6YG3xu8sMIIkIQBBUAVhQsEEhHUpEcKSORb8+dTu3vOgWAVQh6EfAFKliwO+mzuFyIYMLMrNuLWg8Qb0TlFgAyEFSVy0X8BUvOGnEKACtZr9dpJcTpdPq9pUwGcRbFB6pdzGXl+Av86gAjOyfRBC6n0WQqf7JTxOVWFSUNnqzXIuSBNZLo+I7qPF+xBvd/OBh3AuKtP4BoQZUlhFCOtAt/CURKLMIXepUV4cculxZohESfLLEd18Ve9of/ce1ZA2Vv5Kz1ATCcPY2e7CYSBI3IsRewWKH4fvL0/BQPAcUTuezvMiTqJArsHGMXjH9EjLnLc8NUtG5M2BL7jiLpCadSZwnbRaoRDAVFEEpfBughLXcTO3Fqo+6e1g1Ad8wJhUwwGIyioVDmTGvwUsyXDhRVJrSXyREA/Qh4MdTnc2GIC1dVT8BFIPS6LID43N8zk3BwJ0sNoKquAJ5mvF6vG5w73y11N+H1JFNFJfNEskEcYNjjh2DBEksFY7upYy8Si8fxf4yE9uNIIOM5OP+04xNKaV6yzgAGS9jyQfT7/FwZf2nbU0Dy/mAJYMSCn5zfg/gemvFDcj+cTwRCBedJoCxY7MSwMv9gJRUfJLN1BTDhwTUQieQtweQZwAQazZfcnKcAB6kSwHgEy7hFoQDs7yF4ECnEsdhBIuEMhMJln7d/UuYdvQlScUFir64Aqo7j8Xgh7wLfsesMIIKgwcQZQHc+5hJlrGiGABguAkTzgXAqKfLkAEVywTKASCpNZVQEqR+AedyEQyAKp4jMdy/mLpmw1RMM+YtBBE9songqk/JEMy7M4w4HCYBhTyoYcoM1FI/7A+UAyaMDepnXaf1oYNiHEgBxkkWf5ytOFbOAz1+KyG78DcSLAOJ3I2jYHSbOwxCwWLzE+RY/BmhZeyWRJL1IEVWSOOkCNIbVVSl3mvf7/WwUWoXURbaMnDNCkxjs7iLZdDpXp7VwJBMKhVLX77TngheKFT44DyZoHI84HstBLpCtU4AsiTd+bsyWgOfHmiSeDe9aVGlUAFgtnh+HPEXJ5I93yvsKeHq4j2LZcCSHCACrKODpaTR6gP/grweJbLmyeRNIWES0GwQTZiTYHobmUM6HqSuAojJlC6fynrwKBIB0/GG0rKcg8nn93Df06wugJRngf9BfHaClkHblkGK7BYWoAJB+qFBFnAmUWNR0CgAZSRQrpLE0ISgcOH9igJrlOz+j9P7z7P//631GyJ3//uefZ7wNfJcuwIZXq7d/QnnzBv892x4fH3/D17hrjbQBvv218kCOZeQWbYCNIMiFNNUC6DCbxQCKZSMYl5sFgPQBvtx+2wQwYf5oxn8FgPQBDoy8wZXvLcxMzECj4hJApVpyU198bmnupoYWq5U0AMLyih5GWmDm3Qy0NMCzteeLF8e6dK3DHTcwBcnQcGurbqpDeQNjt/VoZW3UAYoPNd8mQfENVr/YYK0ZBhx9a2Ua2Ha/x9Bzj+85qNcNPVsdnY/kpod8D720YBgebWunAdC+YWuw638/eqJ/cvQ7mQ98bJJ18awDsml1CeSwdIjfoR/qtG00fSAoBsChAYcENA7yNEbzSMqrIgwZFr6brviFoZNX1dcNt9MNIhTyQHGPTM3jJKTzZUM/MPCo/t2tU0rgACBIpk28ufN27ZS4fP9R6xJvoWt6VgmcAIRu2SBfs7gMrN30I1AOZVSuBo4AQoehjZ9JdF4xWbVhk5+huwxbwBlAeNrazkv6rHtxxQOPSrv5GFpp6gEOAc7pHvAxi3mS66TUPuJj6Pvk14ktgLApvceHFZHVPW18+I852QPgFKDStMD9LIanSN/uWed+6BcVfBRrAPH8lvOM7LHhMXl9IOe8IFHLtxh2Y0BCESBM93A9i6nhSrnNLNct6KcmCUOATZMTCoAn75802N83VQXYZnh4MwqIq6CB457QPXmlkrEmwAnFrX6Q2CdtTe8nix1pY8WG6uzCDSkgwMIsxx5QK2EKUKFZ6wMxGPvga+9rXP/6v7RUGqVDzmkg7qqogIQX5DQQL8kqJuu1fWDvBvE6ox/oa17UQN/K6oeK3lL7gstZLMxWqdmGOXXAD3RKxgBff/5qbGp2tDQ3HJrfEDPQV14T2ZJxWNh3S6t1robkHDaE2nWjwBigfXXVeKRv7teA+chYNYgQA93nUAtaq3V8NKZ5Dgtw6RJzgJTzwKKvNXGWTihbq9eKmxxq/3qV6MguQA59eWeNlgGH2t8lf8wXQJjmqq4XTdX65HkTV0us8yYxbwA75By1ltQ1dbtalnPNNsIW8AawlqdiLIPamvq1/pSboTdlc/wBhEFuDInKhak+UeYyXbXAYhvgQzkXhiQeouAa5qRb3DiPx3wCFHNjSJQKjYV1bpyHkk+AcF/XzkEVIqPSbWmTclCNKLXVncdVgPqXq99WD5cvcvxLWzUALkk56CxtyqhcFUnrKPtDt9WoEa8ANC+urUyMP3/1p/3shGI/8GiiV9J/9JoCQOgZ5qAUoOYXBk0ctDCmgR5AY+muc0X/85YRYqPYDwS73Wi2wbimejOhlAqyv8qollIrcLrkrK8qzOm2aAIsayMsEh3oZs0a/ufZ9tGkDdaMMDJ52FLDachYX+gebdVQC9Za1m+Q6JAuMQB41AdivHrpOyJ2er/i32wMbn20wQcj9E3YPlxT6emLaZAyabaz0J5a4Z8U4B+vQfzeXNruPdww9jn+brg9ttJgE1MwYRhie4WYumVStXXKsiTrZASQuK18prQ9abPpv+r1vWZo6q3VDzyzYbb7Ig+0lPVqluWuYKd0jgnAlW8DMPGNWR6Iy1OWV3hoeDa2bXi4ZneJFKBm/K8/P/UyBshyQksntrJswxQSePIoPLBtNwNjgBJ2bZiGBYNonVUb7qydwJMC/PzqOYw1MwYI82zasMhEJzcZbWXzXtmp2v1h8iCy3SK2fWYOsI3NOPyQVnasZnNRYYlCCU4KcG2yESbfMQfIahwe1NKJC6x2gzopdBhJAZpffZp8dcgcIJu5tGSW3mr9qJY9G6ZS1pMCxOvexveSawAcYm9pRE3zrjk1ex3dOVknQ4DP7xg/TFwH4JyOrXpYTFej6GpstTpY1s0Q4B+KlpaWawQRFnta4mm6Po29VZmFKWAIcPzWpyb72ZP9A3f68FfFazPoFQ7KADukLC3w3KMdVbvkLN2mSK2tdAWgfhnA8W4Fxm2l/Sdj78ZA8nms8e7tRjNlgEsylp5hu6+jGxPEWpZWVqk1Ra4AdHycKDZSx4yl/SPxuyOQ9MPi2MbIAGWAFIpIiqks/Zs2X5jYeXRpntJ9wyQmvG176Sg74+4qUZOMzWiatm2SSw9cV5ZNdtaWqK0mcVKKi6mtsJD6wP7bG+eOuHnDOCAG/YbCbIdFDWgcfZQ0sJudJ3k7ZfSvA0ulOEVfSt5McHyZGTvb/Li2NmI32hrfGjcm+6mbMP3oSR7Nmdx4+pSVNH6Q2hOoldZERib+bviXvfP9SZv7AnisowdsRWZclc7KXCTBtur4YTNhRE2YC4kPcYQKLBiYvBF9s1foC5RIYpQX/s/fVpzTh2LvL1jyfLlZFrPsWvrh3Ht+3HPO7bHkOCkgyRwHUgAwADLxCMjsSST7zfUFEO3JfoBiTXncCrMasR1oewQMTsjWiU749liYAKgeTT/AzmWmR1CLGhQAxSUGJ2T7ZMkaLEwA1LhYP8B06o3x2gzUxjuHX6k9AtJUgxM/9fYxhWo/9QHUIBwWWAD8Rm9NLBN2s4j5qU0A5AyVPoBG02UGKkAG1sTWAmHOOv3hHLL91AdQykxwTAAyCAoSb6Obb0dmPzmYMdfV+67tigjneSqA1NYE+RHb8jSlCTD/9ic5QOBKrXah/KtRN6gA7tEmupG7g7O0AYU55IiwsyHt5bPFVFijW8LU1gTF/H3KZFX0+a4Zqt5zO9cybnDAGQE8gD+DVNbEPIUEz9GdKYjoEuzegNG4N0BIJVJ8KpTCA0iZJkCzh6LvYbR7qCvAM+H+bmADxmFpUfqYwApV+evmW4EGoBANPA8rRLy/GzBecBD2ocUD6ey4nhtCY0eSxMGe2ZHoB1OOEnhc1Z9+DlRkTfT+gsjRQwNGycujS+A3mr54dJ4MVTwSx5NxXsL5Qs7z+OOVr5zQ5UpFj+sVjHhgz5qgESK60zVhmyIeeYIhvgP2QDnTPu05JAFFEb0iBAQQcOKB1NuY+JUumkMTj8TZQB0BRlrtRvk4p1PagXY8j7gKmjbDgCIeOY8TT3Q+F344gJMLNVqA34PEoU3aPDWKeOS6P0YFMOC9kADOQ3Bl0AIkdyamtmmb0JDHI7HcGAeA0epNMsoXI7TRmN52TChH3/20FWPEp5sCVhjXaQmHqqVCvZ1hATBGak18oC7+nSVNcMIL4/YD7FbArlDiJBYABdKcZQbZSUi5QY7mv0gFUC/CRK5YU5gAxPw0rHzZR1+azATAy49z1MJG6rTevmIC8AtZV8E5BhmahPHIGJ795JziK4OkKEwAzi4RhTb3WRSfk5kAn/Ha6ToCbJxZulhmAtBCQbCGZ5mkqJHFIzGxO2eohgAyvSUsnV3aIhlpds1MVCMAOEfSE49NkmSMJB6JW3Hv7IkUATq9DFXBk7QBZq/1cIfvucl4AIkCClsLwGKQpEvj2k+OAOOFRrL16Aknjm2MkBfMWjoOCAXXLKyJJTaF0xhxUWL7aUA0Ro9EH39KvLH/znfAlIoWU/7KteC6z5rAVqisSgYJTjfngycsAPL5p5i0x6cpPFx14Igv5gmWMF5s41ERBtkUy4j4ugg7H8wRYLZd/72ChXBTSdTAE4JAzSDRwiROxS6rci38Nh7YG46zFs6LZt3DxowBOAliegQfmV308w23MejswiYLgAULXqfECuB3XB4nQVZdxGZx8+OwiTsDDNcroXKEFUCUqtuXpiy7jry4ZwqH2JXO/dlZdpVIt1EtyMwAYua47DFsHoVpxhNonf5Cm3o1l6ol5IEz8AFiBgU/MGwnO49nxn/D94Acmo+Fb++rrXpBZQYQU6vusGy+tYOlVQmabw0wpL3dFEOAWHbdvJ/lVXFYlcsEK9gZYO0iCV52S9jyLNb/zgrGXMMkeZnOduB1QSgxlECsnGXG7fP+2UbPzyGJYTjbgeYk6MmX/1EASSAGiLGG9/xsL3vE6ORF1PytD6C3C1CpthKPdqB0ZscF5cxt3FSjcVKAGGv4A+OW7hgdRIgyq/sABhoFA+7q9VzPkBENWxITzXOIKFmVJJiAqYdXWN9rcbCLuobXSAqN+5ewdlu9V/7okId4oBJWzUlZt4QxoV/5CN7iJ+oB+3c/6+takdewQFQX5bQHyqVW8Q9AOx6Y4M4nJpSsBZBvZi4IHoNcOH1ClRhJ5Q+TpTI424GhXw21dy4seHxehc+r0aMj47pGvISRj2p22d/LhNoCYP+rwAqghSx501MiQv5a2fCAWRO8NZNYCyMfNbwbwpXViO3zCPtV9QcTriYbrZub6oXO0A50uxLhabBvggqoJyyEnUv7gwmNQlLnFY1hMOHRKUVYIOLSMO4pRks1JDTg+wC6viYhwDmUUOUQGkEDYks80g7szHvpD3bUEYTrcAityNE0k0B6B8DIAFqOputCGta9SAjejUhaYjwygAJCF6wP08O5mWve7/rFLJPeTTs6CYRtVydtaFda7btuDfuk98OOEKDbxWZDvFRt2S3nb4948xghwNmgi0+1tjCsi82m3Dqrkt/HNEKALpc7ugOmGCev9zMUyS+WdAWoPDhwq2EpoCgaHcDYzPvX4wgfhwZw7/UvZ448H9ENoBS144Hn0dtmOHck0gGEndeOuaeWDmB4Y+1V6V/ZhqFJ4EM8kA+pbwyzV324QQ7w1WPXoV5w+/rlui5Lgw5g6Phhk4jwSqhYA7yC6z5b8McOjZVDNQ5eqfzap9BeKBIoiEKe1zrelG4taW+IXAJfk7KhXY3520ZaHGgjfZyhuNHPDaCQznGrFbNwqocq1zLlHmhpu4Fe6cquMFSAr+xzhzStDt3bngQkSZNsDewVgRYgvB8kgt8W14fLzxLxuUFxGJorJUdpB9q23iBV+2kbhj12BuyCa3iVNX8XILxfdFTEc0PeAe3xzlnXxmaoyvJGDRC2nVIthB8rMPxxsOBUQLlC1yhy5AC/LDoYZCeL70YA8OP0ppPs00UwRg4QDvu3nNj0FoxifO7/nmaXKM9RRw9wL9inRz4tzY4EoLDbl+axRuuAjx6gtWhO/r2Al2E0493M5r91Gm0+9l8ACFsvXeK5xU0Y1fj5Elhsmvr2lr8BcOrT22dn2F+mD2B0Y+15bPrjwo/ZoQPk7AIvgTclzeAZAYS93eDTbr4c/CSOECDs+J+0bmxhif4QyzUeqNrxwLxeS2eNI4MRQJj9NP1h6lExrsyPkh+I/yxu9R793r/LoCIKLR6YUrlkUtY7liyKiUkWr3E4s/R5fW5rYeYzjHqczLxdm1v/+WNmn4XuR4sHRlTOV5b1ImU88IVCPAj6/Qtr72D0I7a24PcHd9g8GkUCRTGbDpUiypFuiY4WmmT1Insx+Fsjxqqc0RWgaMcDVUVP82ZUp44H/geHqwRqmiRpYP0BjUE88P8Q4BDswDHA8aABuOHTvE9D8mIOzTv0GfgTNIoJnlNcgHLB92e0Lnx4o5rDnFColvEm5KqYTyjXG3iPKDeeTchlcAG+GBcy5oRyAnPC6inmhEQZ9yWKOuaE21uHfyQDeBrHnOBy28sAQx5ncBO4L9GMYk7IZpkBTEiYEzZwJ2i4xKUN3JdQcKVAlpkAlB5+jYbx9MBDAZnsRZ7g7TVQkjAnSOhPgLj9y8U48iNE7dkHowKoZcOW6MvZbhd1hhlN8wAetYS6D/LpqJ1cF4igBrwSuuqxPpOe9qB+JvVMtyQgb0Q1RKlRM0/PoQRoROBeA7WpJVFzMopG+BKgE49kESdchc2iDb6MCrATTUSsv3UZdVloE1A8B0ieRxGFVlhNPj2HEmA0AmUOmrdSGXXB/DJrJesjSPchxAnHefvjKnwJ9SuKqBuW0p64jqJKoOJ70MHRVgZ51z9+eg4lwHDJNmL0K9GHKP1QMsJ2P6kw8vrKhE0L4JnpUxAnpKIJ68WS+W4JdVcuQyYKcV2+R91WHsp/e8+hBBhPrabkfKLpuUWdUVH1M4O7izRRJTCcVtVVXjFaBuIET7abDvHddCeNbMKYqY0zTg+piIteCOfiG4aR7er0WlgxtYAJG6voOpIPgYXjqINsfYd4CG1AXFUwJiQSsGqiq0KTA0OTTdSPJKxWZMX6VLzAxg4cjzHAMcAxQOQhSJC4fLnl5u0+Drw6Bog0ag2NT2ogPpSFPxjXSj0BmhBvGGOASK7MzSV/wTXeVItVtVLwWX5hKgeXF1eQTI4Booy7NoTb/I15c5Q7rUZ8lveQO4ZcowLN6hggkiXeDoTbq22ufec7rZZUy9orJCE80dJu62OASG5UK2M2EnWlkS+l7nKTYWtRX0AklxTGSxhxiNqfriKaHcPg6pzghUD9fAyQcPyvnTsmAgAAYSC2gSoE4ppDRZdEwk+dun9PX9MCGtICIqCAAgqIgKGAAEDIAcE2XPCpuFIHAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Rendering math equations using TeX

![Title
positioning](data:image/png;base64,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)

Title positioning

![Simple axes
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple axes labels

![Text
Commands](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Commands

![Color
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Color Demo

![Line, Poly and RegularPoly Collection with
autoscaling](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEwXvs/8/PzWJijjd8KUZ70soCz///+8vSJ/f3/v7++GhoaMVkqBgIEfd7T/fwyysrK+vr7+/v7i4eL6+frn5+ebm5utra3T09OPj4/z8/Ts7Oz29vamp6ZwcHDGxsYTwtXMysq3t7h1dHXnd8bCvx9ra2vb2tp4eXiVlZTX19fCwsLPzs4ZdbeLi4p8fHx/f33aIyRlZGW9wB6en57f3t2Ed5FeX1+TZsKbXl8ppC1QUFC6uxsnnyejoqNZWFhLksPUdrypqqrhdL8Of4vh9flNz9yRdHD76/b1hB2abMLR0WU9xtWytyvJyk6kdW86s66GiRauiszCNjduvXHOMS/mgC3nj8zrm9L8+Orh4Jo7oTbU6fOxQzoptbplkGm5mtNMrUxo1eDDvzn08dQzeaF4gYP5lDzScChctFzLdai4nZDv+f2tjHZGmaRfl8ayqjX42vCiuD05l0ZxqNDfjI9UvpHcTlXvtNy5cIxjfX6QaKiEtNYyibs3scjq6raUwdzczuqqpUmbeUCpS1PEq9uHyIf6pFhqeo5jRn6PpUn0yOfd8d7sfHjPlnBTlE6xfqGlfsYpeKz32tmIdqPSg0qeWETW1n6bdLBDiZRij5GuWXVBeLZTfJ/B7vPRiSR7o2lVgTSufFTk2vC/db+lVIsfZiB9W1jlhMRHkyxFRUWIZ2C92eiRj2Wn1qXFc3TfPCOmnWOryuLJpSPEQ06B2+Wobb2Ue4vZQ0DIrqGs6O9dqaJ6i5XTv+BnjrCZ4+m/XGC64bwPq8KjZqGliIvHja/fYHfTsrjlYF+GVnCRZomIo6+EcL1PkYB1b0iCi3XCq1GujClmdbb1sXvmgaldq8rwrbDM58nxwcK8bTRGbJP9yZnrn56KukfXy7J7qI17g8JvcCdlnizoVSGnhrMmso3xbxXR199ugF+SjspbZYDKisjOWCzga524kE3BtHeguWcnpleeTBj72r84ODidxL2OXSp9i0Rsyc0oj2bWt2Kkps4bWoYqgHxkPC4rKytwZyPVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmH1s1OYdxxtr1ZPYHLJ9fju/HWeT53xn40Mmh1u5Oh/H6wYJBcEGEUzjJdqyEAJTWJkggZYOGIWJ0g4KDFgjECila8Zgi6qqiJWuEuylY9AXBltFmaYNprWFSu1gsMcODUnuOhJot/2Rr0++u5/veZ7v8/Hv9/js++7rFhhUf3VfSQ1yGQQ4CHAQ4CDAQQ0C/P8DyOAA0AreI4InpfAd42VS6o5iGIjHS/aQJYtjJsEqKax7DPouJsImo10fSLbIl5a9sy+aLRQHE0SUjMk92t47QEFFY1Hi7QDp644VTtuVnGR3mIsDIV16psX+GT9uuUL3V4IdOD/GV107/ARDN4BCvsxw2i6uU7ftkiBd2pdkFnfqUoJ/21dK+AwAWhABrMK5lEqBpKEnpfYoEKWooaZpR4JZnAjiumF5nhI3mRgkgRJTg5xLkECLSxk9keUlwjYkmtPtYF6WmpEKNwl4tZDQM6xoqxR706VMNSINCKDsimx7lIAUUBMpEXCWlwayxGZUCzh4Ji7bqgaihm657TnTxFJQAXxMV4KMKACTwiOqySq4bessyOm2FmaKwWo3bf1mztKNLIMmgV/1tTjyeO8AMZf17biPOxrpkDCIOormywHACi7hZX1SYHUO53KKanlJVbd8VPI8AWK8bSfZeCZ7M0Fwpit4HCo0z+TUqJfloeRrSZGIoRY+JXnxpDzADKwyoE0kPFYXRlKSa/pBVOVMT0IAE3bQr1MQ2BghcVWaI/hWBu1Q1VMZkOOqjCQrQOmqmYpZvuBG0AnxNQVGvajmSi6fxFMEisMC7iGPnwFAh3WStCNcNVTIBwAZTwZuEgEU2lXd1RwUqtAAp2QoQJAZE0C0BvE2SPGWa0TjkawLKCKVAxwCmHSB5LMubaJ5uDHcg4afdLIg5aQGBJBm/BgpukmgU4aQqFA4wQ+p4sAVIMpAz9FdKgihMauUCDLH2SRQUU1SEaBwaUdPCirrAiFTlQrONcj6APOjfjBf3iVw3zV8y4iDKuTxXgHSWAAwzbhZLyribHsaSKyfZtGZlmDSoWRc8qIYVsEjgDEOc+IBQLQ2agYGFUysgomKEGChAtMRQNYTEy7uY5QBGEnlVFLGMbQcMqxLDrCEUcmrJOMLuoU5Xhb3LIBHnbjoRR3cSEDUL+5lMYyLAS7H2ZiuETyACGACYpkUJvJuAJC2DE3FCARQ8qS0z/pYAiJfOmcoyBdanRgWVt0bwHS741C6pCYZyPAuTAHKVWGa8n0FqJIetVwYYQq+KpheQSmwrmtgkTjQUQbijuppPHRIy85CYNqiAz3kheZc3xQhZkYAAZ102oUZscrXIqoTHVgJQ7Q2Cb5L0IYAbA+AOPJlxX2Xo1WcSKRdVWdIHyYsL5dTJMdVGZSB6KdAhNBXKMdRkhkJ0kKFDKEXQx3mfF+THczSgQ0dK+pAXSx4ZODx3gBiEsuKMiZjQKQBzjLo3LNoVcDR+RdpFO36xmJAkhgGnTB0HAte6B0FGFYCqK0IGJlmk1ALr344oEUU7Woa7lhRZAe2BKIugjHEcDyGyIFP9YV3+UIRpssXwzIM9okvLPBlKMW+mNAXLhf5+p/9kZYj7kj58+m64Ih33xgjHH0gzQfvRP5rdyIyGYoni8STxYe6Pmu943yJRiTP85/WMdKdV0K8dMPPV3xi4ACjkKKohmkNlNZzW/xhw43j6IA2WncL2vUCRW1Indx19pXNqbpx47ZPnfvBBzf2K+aaZ5+dtv+GT1DUTzZsmPb22w1z20++uhk1y53YN/rpAurn7HWld8fhhi7WdwRoGmh0bcO0vhrn3Qjkf6+vxvXUv6aV1pp9Rbp+/frZT3zxxsABZlNogaip7ROdsLuxEdA0DaaP/guY0wQWHdqRP9N8abn0cNlHLxzu7OiY23jlD+9duFDddnxkAwCza2pqvr5u9qbHVy86tPLopK/tPbA0uPHFms+ML3VlACZ/R4DxgHFtZV99a8eQUCe+1EdNw3rqfGWxzldXLjg9vK/GDB0x4swtX7RM9B9gcIUKMzAGsMnb+tqf/9KakCm74hoAB/PN+e0fLpo063j9vPcXHz53rrNzbtu6PRfqf7fkH1Hy+VUAbPvpnnc7lr31eMuUKWc+eueZVw8sBTS+cXxTc3ifjo1/8WjvBwnUfwCId91UxdE1s7b8ofLeGlU95BbAB+7vtT1QVlY27NZWNuzbo8qLVDnjfOWy4V/oLQRwy9ARTd1jDwCgRRhU+LQiBmonM31nQU6sWQWwOYde3nIQJWDLarbmzdVNO9Yea1x88qk3Oje1qQ2Pzftxw5oaLPHbBbMnnbvc8e6yc4XFrfNfjO59pnHVrOXH1s6YNyO/EmFjds+fMGVC/wHidiR8gJNQwMIifuXlIcD9+51dp+7vpaay2xr21erSAL/flx/SXQPEQBz9Wk7wsdkLFhbNYuKZyX9c3ZTfteXUoyvzLavnrNxed+ranKc27Wy99MuOdW1tx/5cb148sWQVaz//+qZHLn/ji78/+XBr/tpbb0z/+T8XPrG5vn7tsY35lQCMPzJhwpHdi7r+FIv9AYhhjCMDPMEpdE0xv1HVW4c4Z+tQ2f2wN8DWngBnVJaXAvje6V7J17VHJTz0rgACyUgH17oYMbm2aBYNDa2LW5oPCi/lp59qRhlY93E9P2vS8r8faG5+pKPtwa1X1r5/7WcXG5Y8efG5uTM3bSvfM7HuF037DnceXtH4+rG13+Q3YpOWNjeDRUemzD/0aIglGi9wWr9KGMTQQbZQUVj1UAkKS/6G6A1F6g3wnd4JWF4S4MXht+ENHzNmbFDBY/fuWr/+rgCyKhUuUNJvigs4+1xTy6/fBAz3csuvrh3Kt3w873ztV2aNPf0EO2Vqx5cbt/6gqv7kigenLllzYufMy1fm/Gn7lpbmnTM7z732ZMNj9vpXxlx67TsvPL3rytHW/F+nT/9u8EyO40iLZfoDkLFTclDvFlecgJXVP6obEeLrCzB/xwQsH/Vv1sw9mM18jeMjmDcI06ahSi+hzZZTaWnKyJwzJuoIh9yOW2iRkJYSiYi4lbgbRrpIS0pVKXbYQTVRUbXUFlVVqlTP9qa6p9ut1ZadTsceMztz3vcVEtnVovv7500y82aST77f5/s8T+Qr+Nxc65Ve+q773KJLOuzt7W02BfDAYSNruAa+zPjDd+i5mHmDkQEccBGTZqYnP4ZFnfF+2Hj7zg9buvhXywbop3qHiHdnuLWcsmtJfTWxFSxGev/1kBDzLCm7P1U561ZJlBVtEXMPjkvz6gwhNdludwSHrays9QC0PGxkBpJGWy1oYyDgCiuW8WkBvKfpYB3hnwNcroCu9V7wTa4lHQb29gYGBoc2Z+HlPnBUe6MdTKoyBRCUZoxtj1hE8vlP1EjmuaLAr5O4ZlvDCyq97spe1/JQNjb9c4vXc0nii/zsRP61O4Pc3iwv/YLhgcqURvOJfEA0PcMumgA7FsvttgcsEFlsqQ+7G7EuC0N9Dhgi/8Zpy49lsoJPC+AqBzOQyE8AdFUu3+R0CKIHHpsvA3hQ64VMUkEnePlItqoyMRHVSaO+V0iZDx/mHrQ27eYbdbNRj6vPcFENtgjvt0MmscOpVYwLukk7gdYUaWlxDZ2e4lp3qfNE972ZLCAo8gOwx9bawjJP6tNtKQkMZCZ7rgsg3MZoAcQJKzTwaQHs+byDYYD71PhAgCp+BhE9Es8vALhDm9/PdOjPmoxEsdgkDfi+IM+TOZD8kGi2Lcunkj83RfSofjqI4lLmF9ucTnItjzil++W0PkLU9Sltj7+sHOhunKWQ29njIrCDRj/NP3rE1JANOhkNxDElnp4SpsRinQC1FIgrPLmKHwjQ2Vm/HCbh/M0FrEaECAhrAqzXpK4GOO7WKLFAbw4gejVAdBrJ/RwdqkFBNXixOOZM2C7u4pgwYWyX+XYn+jUGnU58U/2MOOhOHnxbeNGlzKiJ39X2QoTIUiq/Oz6akkYm6826Z/mMk9wBzH67PR7WFnnSPIgZghkH7DTvTIke3JQCcYVnV/HD45908OSCbGcYhT8fq+Yna1vLwm5K/T8FaDOu56aXYviXKBDkB3Ry4Up41iSddOa5kPb+/InhEvkOp+1T11sZnYMeYQGyTqD9t6ScOVvbJmJXegmts75eqnQ6vvCCEn4phlmfJ00TKwBTs5YWm5YtPmzVrlyyn0und9pJmJ6bUKAWP7zJSZYQSSAQYIDOlf4MtQKJV5FrAfTS119DgVBtNPwSBbqrOgwFyA/gQSsJtAj/MdyPQzvWmMe2MuroKM8CJvwPUYD+4oXXPEQwpXdofsyoX9aSnlI/NlYirSu9PJrzWzB4H1Ppo9AhYTBm2dkHO3mpLqrgMOfRuY6gS9DJyetWIA6HpKrqn6Z/8fiKQioO8iluSYH+aoDYvQ5v1wLIc14D4KFxMF7cJJtV4Hc32smUYPhxsxi8YuAS2Iyv4tCeh5kGSuzKnaL7yh2BD1dDWsiGTZdzAtgxZA8US9Diwk1hyFu7vUv65P0NozmwcDH10mDyZGzztuxsW8e8lEXO1M667ry/8eiD4G8UE4wB4gIR61PgS6FfIiNxafzQzA8QH1IlTliBzpUOvqEqgFi+rsOpDQOMGHd11XML3CzA38PbL7nDo2oMSQE1YnRD6CFfgJuPT2Qzd+1wUrrek2dgIv3L5sKtRkeLAl6RK3yJMoE8+l1PYltfa38qseFl/DAtCHqPbn09kVgsFrmfv2/OZuc/3Sp4xWZ3QPgutYdTyGBphDz8eYBoq991sFgsDBDHwmu4l0Vd8faSAn3VAHVyHXTXAEj4hALFOjP79BoxX9zGpIngF+igRBQj1LmMH/0kJRHDLltfKdNYxz5cvZ0/ReaiOieqQ9NDQog2goTokvSB1m8q++Qv4n/9icIIvwQAdV5K5UwmKGTMka3sgQ9FvFdj5x15XEv3m+BMfMMdGorBNFmXAv8Jr1XgAqghv5OFOHXIQgp07tPVBS2MxS4ZWFf3FGHDFhZjRSBAzy9MYXSwGF7eOdIBYOc8rXOL4fGeEjNF14XmemVeF63I91EkOMmhWlrK2vtDiiNKxhLe9fTcJg6lFocV/xrqN3/lJuWmeXn57CSzLtYyyJqXH/Cvao43jcOhD7qHg/GCAZY2MoFx61PgMkBNA+NHqKuyGQJY6aDrwNfhjzDABPZdG6BKgc5/NUCNFJ7MhL/ifjqA8RYG2VlfCSvYhbG0zbwXzZ6ZKZQl/VDGa0K94XcVRoXIOlyZY4990w+0XC69/7xl9KdJAecEMMEvTSkbSJ+cF+I42WWtPE7kUwAx94+59vR29V51nRZWKxBXo8EPuYoOXAOv6fqHNDSgUBVYna9Afrprhoi8P1uQzSt3XgvgRi1svXubpgLRwSR464TeT8d4L2QCe45G3e/wDtq1J6/yXRpl+q4sl5jDDz3dlfjtj4d9o/VmE6pP7WUsfPvGZ1H4IL4rM4eDmQgYnk4XJZQJ2wIi5XLBlqnFyCBgkFgjfNF75xz4zp5xceBn/FyIIFxsLFYpELkiQDxrNT8kQVDqnBoiW1qx8rFiSIBrpjCY6GDjQxCsEFwBaA8BdAtEbxCg6V74HxTTZQWK0pau5+je8ybBwFS2UCCnzbnUKZMa42KODsk8dkSIb/HfXH5QO3R7NrnXN6d6JJ4l74u7yaLGdysWaKL3L6ZJ5ObZ/LYyrp2T1xQtAxTgIPFCaA3t52fXHwHJTPAkIz7XxiC2HYZX0nYqgOoKqK0/CKDBXaJqRY2q0PkFEqCuP/KTR01wGaC9cb2Pj55b8oZT+KDV0j5w6Zk7KVi1DnnvHUtCnOAUcp/NU7O57IE7gZJOGb23cvzJ7pHQWlRRVYhHR1IIL4caf1oxMOCe3kS1qWsurLlFEXkpyJkPIwWs/92PKLU71jYB7PdghAqvcPiTg9eZgZ4A2hOchz/bSO81hTY4xiqAhBH8cvvyhz0z4UEDauXwb+VCAB382wifJIiTawE0MHaF+kDPjQO0gzfSqhRWLK8kMqjmYhHaW84aSFZcoGa/evb1IL3piTi39m65MSv0feu9X3yL/vu6xfaysGs6tnyi/fRXz3n5H2v8RDNeWQDl/buaqOIR43JzMx7yhKVxqNjj8Z3FY2mkhHee8JqFyUSvB6ChldkSQBz17HL+am+pCMgclMapMPGFFahb/WmASKRKgmoFuoKTSPSGJ5Gtf99tqmFhUeZSKQyi1Q7jM9Hn74fNxgVXzY3NneptKrhoM3X7/6Sae1BSiR7Hx0f3WIp5SW3N2ibTbd2ymtjlLjONA7VlLIokgkXiIyQNU5EyH5EamrFuPsMQlRENx7yKhpiP9RFdX6WmUNr6ykzLXPPV3al2tr0z9xzA8kEa7vmTGc7AZ76/x/f3+2VEMjAMQU+3K3WUnFFWdfadYujyj2VJYpRwRBFIcM9va8u0GKg93Vw/5CTkiXtpUg5NGoWqIAY8pvABdkg4lAbNyzvEoSsAPPBv400fQ9gucU6AiYv5MdX8UNngDwMDOarYQP1MrgBwrp+Zp0BozhWqK8B1FqoRsaaInJmLYD6/ZsK0BH7gaYqHuX7deym/rJDe4HTl8cHmrnwuN26a3Fed3fj8/dln8gT8scqwDGTk7hQmZzruekBq1fU+wu2fIy47cRuTFIoZqYw0mWzDoQAxOMAcnT0ITRpzzr1PY5svC9DawkL/YxW200QwmAAX81Phy2YcNLS1NQQBBoxqAJL2rwBQqk2Btm7l8L/TB3qi1XY4Bn98xz5Tz12Opd7HAIu6h2Zx+9DvGYzupoqUWfJ035hU8LCa6u93Og/F9WI1fx/Y99UWX1iQnTIud6xROXbd682AYWoGtylI4oTKZyVjaVLacXMKDswQPyWBFDtCgSMeIT36OvSBmhqczlpUgJUQvkiMZjc0H+BKMYzgrNGiQFuxKRv+N/rAkhBVmwvHUQDrYrqnpUVC1zFg54Hf2vZNtB4zHMSy/iulrMdmdE5c5JJMMk7nZRH+0JtVdAjInSnPiBWT1D5lZyN5oMZr5hFmMGiPpdlkdZI9q2QIK6NQwF6a7+c5kXTkckioqpHuYe/87D7Qha7pYOyW8ovEfNgSQQBvzQGcNNIJoFqBhpgch9hNqwD4nbqIxKpsHNwPvxnwnJh4swVIME7dZGbT9i9Ry82Im9ewI2/JWGy3YgSVI6AGvy76soHYoJfFzCKQk1uo1MbwSVJRVFluSm1woE+mFUy47d69a7+cfxIdPY39E+eHj6Hghy5MeURsVjuRQ+j2z1Ygy1SbAKH4zWbM2/IuALiCBBeHsCYHHsxxuPhy92p2In6/lrqXstU1BFpxltCLjXcACbtTtx5oKm5onuq1ZgQqTydjyVO9MczinOD4BydMmtorYqNTg5hycgYxL78ygtVHiizAcrweFCMdm6vuV4fdOaz3ZLYutZJcllaDj4gYpJV5aMbmoBdm95t9rgITNRkQsfg+IfLg/C35QoDLt4IIyffaFWjqwF4FQItnT04nlF5VAQRL8HEomq2s9IEEq3p748LnHsnywS8iGUUK/9GwJP8y7yhTbvwLSZn/o3uHCPGZTEXAKLGIWWnlSxstkOZKvby3N8EfV1GFh28fDmZKkGk3BvwvcYIifg6NUf7+0cp5/vXZCtS00QtL8P44FGPhkcFCgJ8cKKgdSZXWHAidKKBXo8BxPHSYoFZgDA7MhOU97U4WQELXkS2FBR6/s+4ntXZ6H/UPI03Jx4R6QroT1UsgmhmTi7zer+miKcdkJ/wbva8OjDXuniXUjXea1JCrGv7jfDJaZCfNvAH4+VPwPj4A0KvUbE8hK3for426KZC+oIdGKBfzWwxwuSBGcJDacqBtJbRoga0CoD0FpAZXK5APRjC8JMRyT5B+qcjcMRsTSuG3yh3zjmLD71XL22oJ4rb+YmKn1wvft5OS6JALThIXbECRoi5y4MqfjdzgU/FEInWSaiwWCgheLnxLm7t3h3Jpfvpul4CWuNmT0EhBNZE+o6MCF0WwCwqz+MhlMcBP2xGESxdSqwIfguU+/dRqqjBUeYFYyAnrq8RYklN3Lqjmrqi+DVNpgY9h96ePkyN7e1uo0dHIqf7+TmJ8fzTh3S3s+brI/Kg4o9wi33bG+iulvPGv4+Q8E5JB1qkwMZ3Acj/p7evuPuICvvyST6/wD/ydk8534EegVKiDAlVFxEE0P4IR+Uv4LWxjlicoWatNgbbi9NUpEOoDj+MpQDlUhf1UU2VPYV2IhWugLw+TumYGd64nm0rOuujW3UwNRqcyBHQTYvzznOFogVLUkFrbXvyUNpIYVnX0xGuek8IusKGQSIp3Cm95nqjc5Xz+KpxCY/r+CphXnjoMvfuQc6wH5NlLPl+BLOh/pS9IgS6MpUdWSwB+0hJz1u79AHCv6jABBGiLwUACNF1VDrQCmxdajKoPVKVA4JDQDO25wTVKHGFfxTRDh1WPcXou0tMOl90vv5nE/SGPKF8XzIVxCV7oYUKgSVDGftnR1y8ItTBujsBbcr2aSMreESZTtLXWOg/hFbIrd31fXq58+AtUn3bZV1nZ22zWpQqr+sD0BSlQ25EaBHDMYOGTa4TQxu8jQBgSiVy7FwTIaDKGcYWmOlZh643fzDkRsP3jo88AcNBzQR/Zb2OzgZeZjE2WzCH7+y1XlAmbho1NY1uJqVPk/B+65PFPBXRXUgFaL5ogyJKknHjCcu9JbuJ9PZ0fRR+XKTMq+PggBqYS6ZU4U5P7CN7eVnAhza0VB//GvvXVH9ZmlhvQ7csA1LfZOU+B+0En4kCfd26FUBgaage4fhFAg0kZYpF9cZGs/QiQB42nL4CBDIPtATHu5abr1Afq73FUTVRVTgTuhxOUAABFfan67RvQ2NUzimdoQRFlTjXYIonP5Vc5P1ZSw6dcTehPXUnFwoeNpOy6no5pe8GLEylnZTKaoouXbyRx+opuRdsv40iZtGSMeLjddRrbfbkxr7/jxo3MGmBjM8YtpN58a9255ayc426YzZwC9Qh8EQhQMJ9Ct+2nAN4yWIrQ6ANDhJELp2vtPIDqq4Z5c1UuWwcrB7f+ErC0Acw37FRD12/3phxXA4Q7NgAhsR7ZR2lxbfJBa7LS16T5jpgX4pFNakFF0R90EqlOayrCr48EdgxuzfuHlFyUu35aKmMyXVgcJYvFTJwsqKt1paLSMK9mAsgtYt7ZN27W8JnMiJtin3r2b27l3K3LWbntFl/AgM3fbVQDXLfNdAFAhLYA1gAcXQLQgCThMNXydeFIujSgkAuXS7APFwq7dLFyaoDrLGGa73gG4/B4vmo1+W2OZ8kwI46VsK0QVdPrL0pBIZ27k9GXIuMNAu/+j2vylliISuol5UqHeb554x4t75RYCU9eUSeK60uUCITDFfJzhKwoYj9a3J0kT01zc09wO3ItTJwGnQrevn0pp2HLP1cCuMF+uwagOdphHkAE7aDhJwGOLQWIOgXGZpdE0tU1R2kpQN6H3YijTie+mhCemwfqh5T44Wh4HJ9CkYpmcc1VgbtS/s/L2QAlmeYBfMA73zOxTSXLrOxqz9O1dfGuZXudrntrT95SGlwQshRFSs0vsEEjRF1KNK4t0QRlVTRRxxzM75QUyctv/FwtJ6xNb7MOrexr1mp3mjmQNNfU0G7umWGGGWYY5je//8fzPP8XmVoSfkys7e1kqGKexMKRNWx2co8U9Q21M6NlsCIR38Dq2Zztw76bJ5PJSIRuEAW72ItyWmtAr+sJsaRgfxWnW6fhpdawSwdjTh5P0095XKPfVEmcbJYAuMkQwtsNAO0A3m8ALiygAeD7CpIMbILN5q75AGcVxJh/tvwi8u5WroqpKyJHvz2cmdn/ZKS9cOLqvj7hOo/0kFtauMsr6sjps0cym+r4VO0FeYjcpEmcQQX9WT2j+fAQOz0EfnRPgeWq4b4DT0QXlDUwgx6HIkV5TXKhKsJxHyfz45meSICmH7B8FS8gSLB/X/ehIjKTA+0A9/jP52xEbvxuCYAPFhDw/fUewNksaAY7rvg8UPfDoVJdFdb3MVudo9OILar2NmGyJOZMEquM/mNK2xrol+rTHI6MPDzRLiXdo9yFUaZ9tZA3oebGkFj7iJSBUjdTX04eeBrvwuZm/Ssz6l6lV4PHKCTfflK497C+wUxq1G1y4pWEtatEmDXG9YF6gEDc5+/amP5PlwI4T0FXEsbMCIA735WR4s0rvxf2y+VBhkYasF/jXjgeqZoYag1Uist3sk7gojgdnXGHxFEpbaEaflCwtKOi7WBrfi8Ibh6JBNs5cDEKdnRKaeYnJiZGfQ8+kigrf6E8aKi/1v2dHywdYCU/Pefu7vfrKATF4QnpANLG1sg+UJcDke5+8atnrkP+GrM0wHmFmB+8PIAWKwD41kB3Oh6Hu/5qeisHfLnjeCEUWS6IPukUSGlNY92vPxp2fjg7Pf1RdVP+T1elDvwzdxQvfb+p0GiKtm1GZWTATVoXeDJKzdUc06CCyJQUWWTIPRDB8/M4BYRLYn1VUI5uDfxair5GL63PjdjhZLSBV/AIfMLsVu7AIhE8C/CB69wSDJv9vwxE4q5EWEXk4r2nn3jYaOPTHV+sSI+GHkZSPGih/hHASTU0pLjTkTdZErhKOUxi32E/F3bJK/L6JA3yiiaZBg6YIk31cmvLz1/tVPRXV2bBKC96NNT9HzuCmlWGJhJPFTR60JDueDyOjsO72BhroGHmyjBjtFgTPRfgJ4/IrvNLiNE5EINdsYF+OP2NCNIPUTZ9sL+3dZQnbwGQvBxOnqjxhP9G4LucLiC9w0Qcle8dPTExHN5Efa5Q95KfTxU18bF1YrhH10+X5Gu7RWmppAz7V/4NMONEZma4pF+sOesNNBJ1X7sxjUajI+qRAPLnLIaxBs6sH/9kqMEfBCj7ymSGoOvCEbxAFZ5x62m+AAAgAElEQVT5gDGxYgMNsytW9f6l038AsIdZBUp5wL7RSNmAxOv+OSBaCloDVjEV1S9f5zigHOCA0AC2K5WvIHE8Au5b5HFUDb6+iR01zQKQ1KyO9EtIYCgrn1yVlFPEeXkhhwoKdF+aREOOQ3T9karNaNC65RioD+UDSzUxb/fCGo3mQaLbv2cdBM2MAjjTB2KC/a/HfuSMtBWdwUMCwL5LzFTqViiO1jhIyBlIeFbGg24cI9gBt8j9faxiaoZ2oriX08anll/l34gUCfvyuoi2Z59OpQzVNPNt9tJAEYRgirCStOZJXkBJ+GCIPrNuSCug30zTj99YYmlr1i3TwC0GBWOWADg9IpPRa+pWQnVdKgUuuhPBMBArADhvRrreS8X0A/btycmmtkcwc/wGy2nj/s/e/GPkUqQjzJSSolryUSCqV/Cml/Di5ywFaUrR8VDkSBlB3LwMlydeNuF3K20tsxANoITJwEhSGk6Yio4Dt0PQgBVtHEePIOpawfVOaaecl2vglhMfBPh26QiaTkvoSsYYBXBWwCwE4uMNdPfK5MXHnTqo6owJB4hx0GR5gV98UM6Id2rsa618UnN6QOgwPFGsZL1xkCkbqiepZBN2HVajEXRBDLiG6nAB6lYl+MPsritjXsq6Tc/yBfpzxjO3I5IG8PVWQFKSjp8lEW25bAMNT88YARCV76aTcIq0WBc4/zCBazYbwIj/gYHu+CNH3aOZDyHpl4RGIuAu3saE4nsEEsuTrWe9Y4cv/nCBlVgRI38TqBwuXvP0yblQZ5AEggoyiawgkfmM1ar7zwTjcFN67v1AgUAYoA1mQrm59WXi8fF6ffQ20iyd1us0tFyugQi8567FTmLmAew1NTV1czPNn8owMwIg1xDAGEyWjt/HG6grx/pNQ8FDaDUkH2BG35yEoxMSelgDUtVDJaSyjZJLJ23ZbXD+a4EsQ7x/8FDoDnmwEiRlF5W3DXImcvgc+GKJmusYGsjCjil7erVZjHg6na7iFLFj0nXlwxK7aS0tyfgJ1XcLd/TIriUNBGcZlpjq19/cWBYfBiia5ofBmDH0D2ovC6C1i+UCBubirDI9rZA+nCAl/EVVVemgGF2PKw3s+X6gUIRNTel//PhxalhYXUmPbH+i3FEW8lNv3TZHbWgKx0MiDfpnjQmJLAs91DImUXLHrVuL1VqhjXLdH2mS8tu3zrPbnXdgt24g0pYesETvsFnIQDrw7R92LQ4wO+zrr/dwZmN4muBSAHfunH5hDUcNwdP6LROgna3LAgCvXAHQnplWPm3SKnOCLvW/EOs2D0Cyd6i9z546woHwPRSNUJgaJkykVP4gd4yVUWKDhgU9DJVAt9fgZvOzs9UuFxvVxNra3482d6pG1VqlUiJRO0W2bNptC4dbE2lpSR8Yb0Nv/WohgNf0fwCweBszPSLzaRg4B6Apa/EcKMKKuBIOAYYxMAyDM/iMBmjn7Oy8HrB30r912Ww+99fjcwHgkGemT5uKRyxuB4CjIfvq6cC50OTQVT6FpysLWykKF1+LsLAMeRaBsNUr4fKxLp40lnG9LyXVtq6o1qPWg8vlqouyQcIYNC4JHhsLxtpuv7XqzF3rteihjlMexALDs7YLAkTbOzvbozfom9k/m//ltwD1jerhXYsDNFAMm06CbwH6frEIQAsL/W0SYf8nn+wnk8kmriBiy/IAWu/evdvSANAK/dlcA6/h9H5s9Exps4SI7XJ7YGPIC11UA2Xeyd7p/dWU9lZKE6wVurTEJNZxgvEJeB5lpMvccaTh8n4OGKNoY8P/Ze3sg5Ja8zg+YnlmbZv0hOLrpNVsak3pjN5Z3cG0rke5MeElAs03oNYjgramBFbLzVRoEkKH1e7qhm/dLVfDvV0sQU29abrjbt4CxUbLfLuT23rNcZqc+mfP4YCgKb50n38cDgfO4cP39/I8PL+f9fLboVxNz74GiLzgP4BLzL76zL2wDR6qzWtjqr9jmiqi/Fdse+JFCA8/4uW1B83s8fuXAGQbTzj109EttglWWCnQwW/7amHEGHWjEYJYxpi5QYCmLdKHfZeYsJcXEoOVmAcf4p+KmAa49QQXyXAUxAO8OOIX5z6MDMPDlamU5rGwg3ru7bK/9rWRL5V+b9fq19rXSv9fcJHAvsCZllDWgQOUbHI7byGTDebMnR+4cPUBTKUyC/P4aqxRiCP3Dzb2SAf/4wjuExM27fI/c2fL2hKsMwNMWQ2gKW+pMS0gBu3ZDECPA24uFoCggcZi0chNZmO68+HcaLwnxdU1A+ZByN0bXhx/e01fpKvpHx20VydU6Utuhl543EvJrKGXJ6eEXn2oh13fVJxsVYqrtxd0QRC6CSGKzL5nx1HFcFNrPqDCBrsF6B+PHkrrlzYABrgFgMsBas2xOW4NCR5FvKCDechtAkQQ0idMk2bzdUQb25kAWgAaWCpPafKU2FQaiNMLNddO35ilBHjTZwc6Tx07fozT+bYmcjIjLUkgCHoSxp3+LyU3Y2ioL7pybKqlMZUqHCGNqE/2xda9ht6pX2GeDrL7kU1TIR6vpqWvJ8SjcFLg6OLLpWTsh/o2lgdOqcxHB9cAuKXCYsHEbNv8fpNag1lwUJL5Qg0HN5sHclRICtiEBAvTUT6DOZ156kZN/vHKynPnrnwfTOhP2Xa3v1s2kf9WIRir7vpLfRwjN1QTXF6ZcF5E4W+ZGdL93MjvYAXTOoHeXGoe8uUo7f5MZnMMAKjr0iZzKRcvUk5SKBkaRSLUvn8DeaCP3ZQD0UQQHJxZE2BC2KIE/WxLMDDafilArcemd6gaEpvISKbgyTJgR/kzt/Iu5QB4LqUYfklO3Onmtq+TdUVKSNerxmH6eP4M5bVbTFFX/aEaekqK6IvunOsT/0yDM+qqVCyadERWS2XWRpFFDbyFuXaeDvbHsS+XFO4cFKC7srXIhTYwE/FJnnMgEhOk2NEhwVoAqy381rRhM8AC46WQALCZLb4h7jheopZNNlZjgSoaVtA22BtZi4+4DOC4/7ougTAXZBinSXX6YvmLH8av6QvGskerOKptT9Pqn0wWh/eFJpWV5deN14k5HM57GQAWPhOJ8gAkfEOz9H3+bTkDyIMR5LgSgpTrnon4+NglzxmBEE2moWi2LcGjr4kWfqsmMmYTNgM0BhF21GbLXSEIYrdHYR5RysIKzBWCO0IgESEIakLTZiHMNUresv6kK2K4X/v6SWTzRH6d/PVdv8rG9PTJ+ujo+uf51XVP657zz79r4Mgv50T8SGZSqR9ZBElahKj11SWIx+P1EpogqJ23zor1L+2Sp6YQ9WH+jIV1dQQFAttROMHBetiOw2YFomkMWwmAmwSYmhhl6YgDcjAbxvfmRmYZCQKToWWZmAR1w9KfntJUxbm/rWA8Hnn5NiGhLp+eO9OYnO0fXDXOUklKr5FI+eVnvxj7z2UIid282qqvSbrCtt19bMgOglrUC01K/Hq7dvj+HZHeopwWbZivvmUL4EFrASKvsinB1FBMgGq2NupX69qBxADjGKlgontxI3J4tSWasugetHZjXgLMw+LqJ7evpqdHdhd3FXd3VV6R17HmwsJSUmIdkefn4dIJkgQuZcWyPeLnhyUk3RnkiyXsArRQVJRgZH2tn6wAWg2Tc1aot0auDjBSvgSgA9G2FzStvA6ZEpJfpWuHGaCig4n2h+DlRNxjts2nhVIoXI3muYb7nEJp/eO3XU/4j4RZWVk6ustk98KCVJXtJ2qK8oLj5yszmmVppePvYRJMT8t/iQrO098RQCbU/F785wMEcY8vfrUqwb0ZS/nZNuLU6JNGfjJLZ7nPVyDeZMKIrdzHFaHF5Q0REc9q5+HhfT0abk1pT6l3RCa3O6HavoIJAsOwfxuVgU5fDFUXkslQywL7F++HJ9TKTk5XT0BVinsxQ4gHCLsBgK0dEcQAmwe4aMLA4KPf31+F4N6ZyuX8iAk2UhmsOLHX6r4+X4FSlrlHneJRLVDEKELr287+7ZJ3pS6ex3t5/fLNm/c0d7LEYUm91DwdHO/9bdsltnF+4ZR6vn12dGr2Q6KgWXYgm9CJ5DMe4UeEcbv80Tlio7FWbvMAWWb54ou3bl1Fg3rSjvGw9RPEQog1vw0B9Ny1bwUFmtMYZDC70XZDccj7gx+fnX1YQ894GHGzz1ci1CsAPG2sWUCXxANOk0qRqcjugJ98fJz2Dcx/vLMxqU5OO4K80sM1oOfBTgA8UvA4BlgfQPwBX9wKAMWLJ7ShC6G3VtIfaceOpw7r1iBqwEH2fC8A3BxAZ9c9+z8B6LVowQCQ92gQ+ThChjAL/UmSp235Bdbp4CI949gZAHhZ9/TniRjAY9IV+lhkzihTX9NonPFqFpIKVqtlQyiyAHfXbuFgr3pwvR0swRDXg/7G72OpD5Ra7rEEJbjcjPcelRl/F/5EgkY/uALC6BNBQfYdQ0uvvk6AOC9kAAC6xwzn6GYNUGwRIIArURsL9YWMOGEWkxqjJDtJZHoZDMMSCUx6zxktEAxRp8vbi4Qm6xfL+13drtMNUqmXiqbg9wp6ZSPhhzoEzR3lDcswrQwQxO7L7RB6X87WABEBWm6sEFuNv3/rqGU1NVJGQvGRKqtWAOgg/1SEgSdOFuzJVAKbAugWGBgYDuzf7oWuS++xLKiCBpbU6t3avsP8Fj5LGBcXuYXBeDP9UQEj8HTDOkEI511JftJDcqtbDAMP4Dw6xSyxRDdQHn0dzcTRJQRAoaFEE7o0Q2/QSeJ6ADoeDAzc5uHiF4JW8P3OCiCRZf1fSGrNLZzu378VaRzTA6LYlpbRlpZkO585osMKZowgXMowMBM5VwtsDiD2GQ4fcFxmwgZW5xJvRE3HCIIgiMfXUkvytBD0TjJM+iZLMAR0Zr86mzxQUNYv7iaIaRyaSqognT59vv+ue7iTc8puX2dCcLCzJ7B7l1b0CT9bPtDlMMFlmQkTEwxLTim0/ln3KwTnvyPssO7H6JR2bgUJEh0S5CmHrJf4A2N9RA3AZwAEnf1d3ZYCVC3lB4B5VLRZhNVDauE9tih21PuBq7adPTXHVuIUI9Fl6o673J7BEVnzDzfOxMOjyQvOKf5OTrt9dyLBAE9ogZhZGwEYYtp5tBhEiESWYdnHXNZFDG1heVZkZ4I45bDiQBhmy1MsBGMH/s/e1YXIbdxxGNoMliqi7x197AhJzuhr0RpVqpwIS3TBjkP60JqDOKRQuw1NXdoHU1yXPqSkIT5C7h7MtaT0oU4xGLrGfklNS0oKhuCcIRBKqPvgFmpacEqhUHNJHt3R7vq+pLvbu20eWvw/uNsbzfz1029m/vMf6U6/f56ehUA6rDbmgQtz9Z2njfc2T7yydHZxNf0QwcVXjh37x0/emPvdiy/+8dpf5+bq1MJ+59aNG8vLNxb/duFpCG/Py299/8v/vvbVw3Tve/ita0d+/hE4visCN6cxhw7NLWw+9vZnW+y9379B7cq/LvzhkS1s/c6u//fP7D86E4Hr80DRuD538lxT7EA//9KzZ357Zmkd6cy7v/7Wm4/+WYdvn5DnTi3UfyrknT4uQvGD+eefHb2zEr7+3EdfP1Lbl45c+4WqyM8c3TOBhw4dOnW1RXTrRAuBB3/25mghqXOZJ9r5W7ct4b44etPO7ARCJacR7NSpq61iURfPvwSXFs/euLU0Opm8dGv57Jmlb7zw6G3m/EUIztWT3guY4689P0+TQgjmP6gj6V9onvOdw4frexSZCkZv2tkbgc+dPHddbk0Wj7Ux+OPPTxi88KtWBj9c4+/Ab8ava/svECh9ePX6ArPVZVysn0MevbW4vLy8OPp2iw6np390+6mfvltP9+unzi3AaLC0+MLtesrPz0Pz6sk/vb72YuqODX/wWtOttTOBVrywNSwonji48VX69NeD333ssQmDT33lkSc22/e+xnKrxn57//7TLc8F90JgUpZpqm5lX3hVU9M01Z68/LnHLz+p0Y9qeuWT8vK9ey+/o6ppfOnS+0H18b3Haw8v3wuCX156v7zyyQN/WqWpN4OG09SdgkAygRW04tJebVp1586dj++N7c6lzVZssJs3W3Cp2h7UHECIRtZxUYsRYXI4DO+G4YOqfRTevTsu9sLxMcTT9nfrgg3tsdDm1EE7i8uYk8q9pNfiQgvoicO130co1MC7S4GNLPQmFpLJx3C9ERSGDaeBhpTdE/jAvLStVDPWL9viNlUzde1J3+qP9e3XLNiVxCHbVugILYWCMz61OMY6/qrbi1BsOBXFLdrvlUCz9aoUedqqu2jfWrilSW2SnAwzbWF7+x2dPtRUmtH2QqDnhG2FWUvctHrN7nNadJI8oUXhCzm7UylFbZ4NwW6ZBVHzChSnOS5FFDVTK2ALM45AyyGN8wN+gJsM6lreqNhXcTPeCUVTORV0u5jZDYECT5qe7S7X/FcJpe83+hWrfiNiyJ2i6ZEpy3U1d0mgaRiGCXgiNQoh9DewChjDYETGbQQVF2otgT3utSVxeFqJV51CkPUSb1i0ZVpIe6BbNgtDrvF4mYW+13Tstk0CBu+ZQIHmlhFEB+zNhQJUuxtPonFcbLYQ6MOghUC2RbsXxM60g29AISBguRsmQUYTYhVa3IboII0KQ7aZj8N+G4EtXcj0ezNNYdGy/SYFGkHNMAacAm1axmSXx81elfK0kfEBt492swzLkUWaFESF0DydWeabayqYx82kExVOA4KeBx6YKQZGZVOkWuTLstlZ8kB1NkdhqWwZbJbabA3KsrsbkUbgtHm207JlISvVhp41SluWIEftNoaFrpa8PBOBD23GNOahfRoEis2CTXddt2jXkuqLMgTyp3O9YMqrmRrBjgTqpcpvdtVZvUciqZNgkk3yAqVMx8uGFShrKx3IIODac7qgmecqiRrlqwuwuTulZiHlt1HdldhG9XG6bWxGYK0hkLNZCPSGnUSrNZMnEsu1rLGqjnQZTdkYVJ3CqQ+GiVk/c8uKoMvqUDGhcCAjtaRxrQfGKFVoZqDWPAbmeCNZKzzTIwaUdFmu97wMM5FLBlDFCknNkSQybWEnijjSSJ7KuqQTGGPtZZ26BWO9ZzjSktYVU5boMVEfnabuWGUQj2SbNc0QJyTWhzRfScpVBL28RmDukcCQQD4BMUlCIyeF0ClhbHVLxSesyFVsGkM/CPIKZVhgoaCx9bNuuZ/nUsRJGAQksU2csMJ9glx9UFWOXrhFPWaxJGOGJa4Z94KcYCDQcqXWOsuxUQ3VlcrCRAMpSazy/oEewcGUBPY12hmxAF3PrhJeSRJNptg9O8e8l+Cu1I84aPcNl9SbHAqt0Mw+8eVqmCKcBOIYAVMM05U8qhGoFEH3PtdLsLpHArMVdyXqFRbrqhrIna4KuaibQi8qFFcT+aGfO5Xp4Iwwue5HpE4QhQSkrMVJLiosLem4QKbHQOIVildJQyOqk+tEkhOpEHToWzELkjBHxpDOVZUFLj/QILZQ4YFsGKkV7UGhyqaMXTShLPoy50CCcgvIbABkobJYX/UlWBJJ9IhemawTuHZF836HAI6FmV2EdE6B0Kn3bQEL/E4ZQNLrUQQeRZB7yTYIdp7Cued3nGGgRVwHxg7ljhJYRrk29Gg63cESsAmUEnqZbJnIeDDaFkAb0xHoCrSZE9Aow+QmSFAF5RzlwCMjAkGu226i7LPiDvSjyoQ5JZAbwDKoCYxgh3AWbc8jQjPChJ2WQajkJR2BpFdRNrBQv687CAQ9yEtTzVWJ0FMkOiZBQHPGLgsHGqKXYqsp7CbBkM6BPk8R1ATasJNw9gpFECbbINh5CudQKawqDKUBQUNHwGgYlaXKohXPdeBgH0Vc2DGbJbB3X6N5vx12rKrnplE/I1LV87KoQkivbD1XcmeQKBWgeCjOVFhRelkeHbDYAcR1gxVKIE9ptssYkojpoWFY2Z6XFZKE7GLK2wq27SWDlOtRdEEolSQMUY3d8zqJRIcYHUzWig+7boYov70C5WzH91bs0jdwaa8oIwS5pQYwsQyEClQjkEYIhvreCFTo3Fd7EfZtEHCVI7Nc7EWC4bOx0kVjdeSIcHpdbUg7VXDdAeCJJqOBkUILuxGN6xroEKSaHnYlPQBSHU0yHGuGhgN54PEWLCXF1+oYSGNOCQUepp7iYx72XNcRtX7ku8KU48/yqU/Gj2OF2YcjGoSpO+wiC/shdWYbKpSJBUGKuXqD18WsY3Ic6xmu6rlxzDxA4EA1U/pjBALYDsHOf5mwtoEUhMLbZivKJzPkblJUJgD+D9ouEmlZ5aJtPDEamgFHFrMS/D8n8KHNRiDTZ6ezH67ZN9kZzbd2vALvP+yde1BU1x3HZy/C3ff7AbuwC/tiERZ23V2zwYUBNlQURUYCFCLQykNrrYKk8YG6JsEpIzHJbNXEZzWxg0Y71kfSJp1UW1NnsGZs8kdbcYyPxmZqp51kOm2HznSm55z7Ont30WUyk8I1PxzHEYXx4+/3O+f87rnfr0P21YciOH2AIYU0vdj+azbeln7JUNc8EmCx0Sz9yiMkmT5AvrvrVFG7BFOA+LIFko41ZN7/oXCndclcrYGrqzZNgNojuAbJ2q8BknNNOegYaEgzA9/GFQyou8UrTusfY4Bgcw5O8pwI7aNiZSJArX7Fs0pl1bm105zICQhggQIcYlgZ5Gn1wJXE88v/csjr9fZ23aYQmncuf594vACWvKUOTWcRIY9gLbAO3uxW9h5d6orsug2Ps/DK6POPF8DCGlPJtACSFxkT7g3tb8ILoUeRS7Ir0hAjSPjyy870nw0IowdS/670ATLryK1Iw4pr4fAHjNZ/JNLwh52ZmYvfZP5c2w9u8v9q3abWTQ972dCi8BlAIyj1zCX1DttsAjiNDCSJlzbAEIu7/3n4e2cZaWKX+NZznUu27mT5kW2rbmpj9e1t3N8cPRGNRk+MTg2wSK0BvbjGmO0hTU+o4Q0SuwAzkOhxBQKobA90uTB8SDnpG+9xi0hbrAHkZTeLUNsK38qKtmpTAdQFg0F7mc7igG6fhEdTZMwjyFDpPAFmINnD6Invpx1SWHzofPIevS3sAfhQaXfTPkp1lODQibpUAKU2m22uzJatIPRBk8Fjlyxw5wq0B2q17ch1MfJaFW3ztqFRhAs00cpR7Yw3Y6SByrkB+qXAgSlLuNBhLSwxWTxwWG+yC7UHQteqCIh6ophC5HouQWENJCECVs+aW3ZTRUwgxaYo98JI8iqcmwsfeevhfJ0ghLoKQ+O5WHt7rI3ORHGgkQcQHZL1DZw7KFJG14+2UiU8qhfeNmZ6GYi2c7U7qj5HFeza0CnixRG8U8Ia7oH4mBd7o62jdY/LPrBtKoC1W7d5aadL1y0+P9FFUtvzGu5B2DDQGuUEw8BeZuCxyMCe+u76ntQA10OTKHoL83Q+H+DKWL0Yt/eNdP8xUW8NWZkLA2CuhZgiAxGEiLg+luKGVe02xuoyEOjmt0Col813R+YpF0cfbRE+WwCqqRv0yfPAGJ1DEXF7wu+jFeCzw32H47CGA90vV29PKuGnk3zQ+QYWJ+qEApCQFeAm9Vywu5BIPf613132XYOhBuq39h1W7v/d96PO5Un8RElG8skGFgOC6YGlAKDUlMMfqHK7kEg3d/crdxn0gy/yULrVhz+OOuc4/5rEr3MpH2CS7i5qgsLogR4NkaqEsV2ImFtIQkjj+sGIBKpf+EbeAVyiVxbyAebTR7zz55n/g2Tp7G8yALWppjGFOpkke3YAtLs9ulSrcIxbBiJcE/yEAujt3dLlU0j6jjvnRH+e4d+SYBggyl8n7w8EAmLXIhUiGIjUn0gSPYVv2mtMuiKPo7SASJ7GSC029LpRwazdB7anApi7YwwC7I1PZmUNdj15ITrH+TfoOLGO8+0RrevsHJOfeqG/H2kXnHe5xP0NP0yhW1wHAdptUnPIZEmaxlj1JHSs0gU9s3YfSGCLCH300p6r8vaOjY09mKTEB45dAh3wij8jo3msk1Y6FR0Yzmga3ic/pZAsVNHR8vriT9fw5NpBCeupEi5Rqw3J0xgHEYSvcJmzK2fvSaSNXkUiDcxxZIUS7J7jvZOMHmdFDmCxEdo+yd1wHAPwdfj9GX5/c4e878Av/s4oF1wOZ3Jyic7ommrA/fhnVA+0e/IqdcnTGFvBW6Xq2VTCqU4iPd1w5hKBS4j29I5akjwHN89PYYKc10ELhOqFHXL5FrD2jkB8lJxmxnBjfn7jWQrhZgDwnSiN79Wf+RSvVlcfOkcBtNUY8Ave7DRGb7aYZ/1ZOFYPI0YSp9crvdt21G71KpXeSVyU6gPYAhFA+Zh72I+5ufk7tlfdqWo8ywCkCEJ8PomvTDH/l7QIbckCjydb2NMYhA86nG9Dx7dBTEVp8JXfXEG+T9AJaqzJn+BIOxSGalZ7VaozYUrd6ng1wkc5x8hqdAig2i7saQz4zFYvxEeHN47hG8kc2rMR6Wc2y8cmepsTHS1/DLmFLy+798p8zDiGdQ8sk2ggwOIFDmuJoDNQX8Xy8wKUT2H4oLX2MO3/OeF9kOio6r+AEi8cHtoywvfeoWSrcrQak56USqVmQsgZuILFp9zf1ev9L60rjPBljsvlTRSvCe+4n2fqy0gxLQ7j7lksQJ9MWmyqMWqK84qkQs7A014a34e7xK6lRwfRGvLMHlSfQ3BXDVufvymuHOYBbL4cTqFsNcQJV5VlF5v0NmORXSrkHqjd6mXxgUOZK3LrGegwQaXTVeQiCFVch73xJh5AqgkmBWeD7NGkYcw38wHaPHnah2QgAVtgnMJHzZ8Bwoouqr+No5PxPgBr3DvBt5X2H3wEwLKgEKYxue5CTwk59QXLtRDgURc2noq4xPdGKDa0h1tHhn/Cm2YJc17wYBUxmUi93Wgs5L6dWQPvioU0ZkboZcYDNDjIoDrVPJDtgUrMmpue7u2iNiZDjAfePnkc/KmORIKpK9AGOvQAAAyRSURBVJj1YAQhM6pJu0KDyUYQsiKrjtRZi2QWWuhlxgOUurWlmpQTaSZ2ePfznm8E+n2KPThA+TzYJyeacYLj1zJThwITgVUbKo06HXeUk1pJCNVIetQ5pCdE6g3qGd8Dgw6fmXzoHelnP+TNl8VLr0t8QzjAMbRQYztBv1z5SIBlOZXqPIVDouCOchYrrAc1AGgqgkIvoRz3zF+FDY+6pb/2c/4jtsBPJD6wkQlzBB8gguN+JjriH0/Bj3Myl8wFq3CJhTRwr9sQHpOjQBOymsqg0EvuLJ/GsDuZhiSAL3hOjQ+BrfRVluAE2i7Km5uo6D2Etb0pFmE1qVEbFliLrNhx2FBZIrWRJZUGRuhFCHdjerr5zyj7X4TMxofC9EYGTanhqEbZG++FEcf4ZZ7BlmNuDZacehechaV5anu2EIYJD8vAGC8BKXwUwkyW4GCcOrB4YcS5Bhg+o2phk3BIwhZw3xgESEoVZQqLoKcxpLY9EWC/HIsbZ64uXL360prosqxJbmajHNxDIwuHN6tUqr0MzPk+Jvo6f6uHAGvAD7XAMxB5InMF/CIOcLWq5SPVbqcT2kBxBCcr7t/JvAY+Xs+8TNkrwIBz1fnz+w6gaIROtwCgZl7lPJlG2BmojSVkYALAGxDP7qjT2VWRlTVIBzgsfyESbReJbgNsKjb2oqxcjzm1AoC6vMq8Go2wMzDhEWdgKcB2kPXh3kc9NtodhT5aFVSUg1+WIy/Hj1R4tKAyrmKvsRKoB8ryskPC7oHQfoC7rRvplx9cMye6mUH4ZwrOZuiEV07phqOBYWf+/S+yfpQAED2dy7yDWbUCgCaj8aGMBHJDtY3bCr5c7XTCp2s0wtUUnDM8vfry+6KsipOLEgBSD5feP8KafaORfplVYRN6BoJP0484OX94pzN6kG2CoA1eT3SQOXbgflY5Arho7xstNMBLAOC3tOTFJUuWiFYy9wM1pQkdUMv+TMwOgFq9No0MJLWxhnr48R/ujotzM1bCq0a/gxEsP9bsvwsK+h7At7Cvz0ch/FPGhU+hObi2FgT6rvCpnNuN72Ls1iI9qS+yaswyz+x4zaHwiWA6ABmOA9gVjTVcBatWtb30bZZg+ckmfwb0p63498I+ZB4oeUMFfbj9v0/8chp1yFFIzSOZ6aRFZiNtCotbajHMI2bDNEZvh+TSfl94E3bLqpotYBD/IH/FpeC//P5m6OWBeVq2QB9z/24eQLu9mCQLavDpZCXIyiCU160MkjN8GlNYWlpaQxZD6bl031jHzc2dc57k+Klukp/czaLX4IqTdztgCWOWloobP4VTro1JAB1B/AJWrttcqpEWy8zu3DyqJGbyNMYc+l97VxMit5GFoTKZoiVEWqX/n66mVUNLajVSuyMxrGdHQ3pYcAwbkjDYmR2S3YGwg31bQiBXH2IfxgsOe8gxWXzyHJLcvBD2YPZuWHYhhj2EZSHHZUmCjyFV6m63uqVpq8eGHffMa5hunlQlzad6r957VXovcRXkhJm2zuKB39x8MP9980v5bWprX343AfDWP15/6fvHj79/fI/J8MXVf79LZXhSvOj3v8iCrbMirHEOpVwi4zo2XFUOsaMcCTF4AXQgktrr4kgHfrOzurl6bS6EIDcCV7YPpoyU79i2rAy/TA+u/nl184PJIvD9v1y4cOFDOAtg4QpyNv3KdHKz7RdjFkZDe0Hyub3NbM/ag4pDcO2POfT+e4VOshfevXcxX8Xo4geTNWD/T48ePQJPB/CFNaQTfzQJ5Op/zp2Gp/D77L3PXvnqpaHeywH43tcjGe4JbmnpkyUCUPJvjgC8Nr/zsRD/M+dmvP7m569QADPTJU8PfhVHw51E5c7Gcr3qtTMyQ/bmp9S9PipkeSU3AL/9mv396j/3Ziq4fQEtw2N0TMRvuUbgF2MRnjsR7/7t5Zcv008WKB3R528O0ZwtLL25Q2f3JqWWvPQAMl/4ZhaMumbPN2Q+GYeav7yS0cHBrW9HUZe/z9bB2zflP7xziI7tbMne1rR39vb29m8/pe/LM4ttN9DueCQWqyIb6vXtlauHMjwTIxDat63bT8spfmN2nfdjuDvejV+oxLj525pw//pKPtPJMo/ASvTxLIBvA/jD8QAKtej+9sr21aoAchqrPNTROAj1zhLFAydUKAd62YToX+NyqjPEPJGe8Fo+08l8AEEvzjYXxT2obPGn3Rc+yQi0Pyns1bjLypEOEXzr4nQd2qymee/6Wi7TyXwAh3tjHBViRWVp+SQfn3YAdSOrilN1BIKiCLPmuyO3+K18XHpUxze6s7ayfbgggJ62jjcsaCeDU5/BUje0RXTgbEnfy8MNzu/fonRwcDCJqmYKMHNDGIDvVBThWkpadQmnNVNqkNMejbGCINAh5KmbZYW4YgZLaE4L8Y1cVILlJcsiEtkC500jGg5A5vgdVp9EzO5wEuHc0z6JSGmaikAdZCsjnap5Y9DdfG34v84Oof/tMdrf398BnVrU67FJeGX7I7SsZgyKjxruIiIMp2rD/24WmN/88tfs86nJUfnrpnfu3HmNJXtaYldO0bvWggBObMG3C8CwFfhXn6SpkK+uZSlOLp0RT6SqEMt3bwyp4LbsDvchvTrKNgYvHTK6dEZ84ep0bHjg/WKainl0RkfgPGQ/HWUWBGcNQJiECGQEQQmVMsu49htsA8gbdpX2EIkVihGkqEpX5f2XMBGq0N4SFgfQagsZkb5QQn2vhFl2Kt/+6eHDh6RS+36En14KSG9PN+qtl/RUK2MKbVyVOds+MhYHcPy4dKPkESFBKnls3bJTdYOa1KhKe8RLqIpWmBniXsmdlDJRwyneH9LqqEJ7eAIAx5NJqVpKy/aBJ9qztW9YJ1BPclkFPVBaVq+s/DoMmqXtj3uUiwOIStU/QFVPXaA9QCdR8KA6E1RlHl9C4bym0jPSSQAU+UbBwUAOrxWfku0Xa2K2hJI0HE5UrOMNGryz6BB0BLYTLhDo3COqEyYT1aYgTnp0+QYYHggmpcro4YR6XqEqt3jVnjBdFkvxbWq7KM8HQEkpSaPRkUjxhSJZ7BdiNW0du0Vt2S72CHSprSyGn0v0tkntBR1bCm6P+8aMybHrjntEpEVxczFl0YPjiwRCywOQd/xBkhhj+6lZaxEAw7qawnij88wAdhzHcWVj3SowITdde94WHUeUOVJA34N+iW3Cl2U2SUj1GutyQO9ioELPhV0eGqIRRAgCxtRUGHWgLkAjGPdoYrbFUDRgbRBCfjyVxHWITYg52h5E4/tJKZOD2NJDsc7rzwygrmlaBwJjaiNBhzGt3nTvpqNpTgmACs7iiwUAS+5Nihao1SeL9HqOAbGCXA8KThv/qENAmXUnhFhCCYFCVxn1KLdBOoAtHhKxx9Ad0iAF2IZECQxgPFEzWsyYntQ0fO/H8PmIcMMnRSHE/bhodMjGUWNGMwIjiorjKtjwCtIKNnCDW0yEzSgyZF/mI0FGiTdSoDZlAt8OI8Hcwunw2qnn6Wp2Nh89KduqEG+g6SLBrroR6xNmo64HBNPHIejPB0DLLf5fSEk6xR0LIEkKtjBwS3Y2KEmRiyTXXbSYle0CaEGZtQPcNBO4cq7HhENWdkDOXYNLIGdDyYJW0uFmmOz5luX/OTdj/g9mzDmdCQDt3AxkjQXSThbtxpzS7ApYWgBRLER9O4vkomwFsBNNorvqyGoAttutjzFgq4TD00eNnvhro29VoUy1NQoQ6yLlp8HyjkAAwtjkieiS3gDEQuD2qA3Skn3FELqpoxOB6xK/k/pHAx851BJ1SMzxpKmTSOV906vxdh0btsALZpM3OJ7vSUdEgqYHNM9LvTpUnZBPXH6JRVjjYd23sIg5zDlhnwHYMpqqikMSO1GiqZ5rd2qBD8MuNQe5tmUPVIs4kbTFkc4WZ2iYC52+wovrfl9ru75To0og8aCRikTCIGy2A2rXoqUFsEVkavXKmPoXnkOcLSbCsofd0O+6cd2zHN+zoCtQAPU+z+LDMmw0ZFJXTQKjbh/4DYL8OoG+sy62FGIPtB4FUKGOU9A1bNLxQbfXsLylHYGgjw1fioimq9StIXzbZUHjeB0mES9qYoCJImJVN5S2AzeoBKMGSRWPOK2GKcCws1XzuJQIloDSlhMZCW/WnUGkQCQoaVOP7TBuSmHUFNPlnURszrKY9QyocQxtE2RxR0StZNliEWST/jJN+sM2u1nCHsiZUB6dDixs0eNc9htAjkMg+6Y8XR8uiTgcog1E69wOhLBZdERlveJjOjekzw3pcwDPATyncgB/BnFyYd/4Q4RHAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Line, Poly and RegularPoly Collection with autoscaling

![Ellipse
Collection](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ellipse Collection

![Dark background style
sheet](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dark background style sheet

![Make Room For Ylabel Using
Axesgrid](data:image/png;base64,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)

Make Room For Ylabel Using Axesgrid

![Parasite
Simple](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Simple

![Parasite Axes
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Axes demo

![Parasite axis
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite axis demo

![Ticklabel
alignment](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ticklabel alignment

![Simple Axis
Direction03](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axis Direction03

![Simple
Axisline](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axisline

![Anatomy of a
figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Anatomy of a figure

![XKCD](data:image/png;base64,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)

XKCD

![Keypress
event](data:image/png;base64,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)

Keypress event

![Pythonic
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACE1BMVEVHcEzb29v4+Pj7+/vn5+f+/v+JiYn////j4+Pt7u7Y2Nj8/f3Hx8d+fn6jo6PX19fv7+/5+fna2dmDg4Pk5OSIiIjz8/Ph4eLr6+vs7Oz7+vpFjsD9/v7g4N/n5ube3t4+ir9JkMLs9Pn2+vz6/P719fVNk8PU1NXR0tJWmMZycnLo8fh+sNRhoMrY5/Jubm7/cnJcnMiGhoZSlcRwqM/y9/uSkpKXl5eRvNpppMy4uLji7vaIt9jI3u3c6fOy0OWBgYF3rNF2dnZiYmJbW1uoqKi41Oj29/aMjIx5eXnT5PCEtNbD2+rJycnx8fFoaGi/v7////5TU1P//v2+1+mmyeH/enqbm5vf6/N9fX3/4+OKior/iorN4e7o6OjQ0NDq6uqzs7Ovr6///PyrzePW1tZZrFn/9/ebwt7GxsbOzs7Dw8T/8fH/g4OMutnV6tU7g7bq5+WWwNxDibqgoKD/qqpJSUn/vr6gxd/38/Genp7/6ur/xcWkpKRut27/nZ3l8uXc3tmPj4+43Lj/lJT/3d3N2eHr9evKysqYuc+qqqp7e3v/Z2f/09PL5cvB1OH18vCtw9LMzMxUj7kzMzP/tLSVypV2u3b/+vmi0aLA4MC9y9R7qMakusqQsMf/zMympqb4/Pjd5Olomr3e796tra2w2LCPx49CoUKr1avm5eT/T0+Pv6KLxYt5vHmAwICFpr2XulhnAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAE1FJREFUeNrsnelTGssah0MwaRYjixyNDogsAQERZBHZFIG4RxQUjQvREMvdMnHLFS3rWsZKolaM0apUneTEyim/mC/3T7wzYDjG5NxpmBkOXvr9wAzwzq9nnume7nmne/rWrbQBZLB265eGuCCACCACiAAiQwARQAQQAUSGACKACCACiAwBRAARQBIr53xfq3JktuWDNgQQAGkwyE+tgLKaTLYDYPCcjwACgV7PIvKhPjRRscM1+QICUBLyVwDA2mEHJ+ceak2BOYlFKnxcuRHoEOKe5wFTEStkmgGitbXBEe6GhV/a1hB4XFaoAB2uCaLkOvxVPfJQ7KTmzFcTrCm9BwA3oD3ZGnGVsVxBUbDI5SsOaPdHAOCsyTY6ak7kIgDuOtru9eqDxR0zgaqOwQIFyF7Tm8J8IgcG5mSmiyB48nhr7Z5+A/+rw9fuC8VcIf+ayFFy79EG/vMWAMcBIAvMmIhtd7bAhN9n2T9bcYBefYECLA7OzQWOARAKXUFxSBIEx/6ZAJfLJTLliTgY5odcNWsPWOEg2xUSVuBFWBaOPfTPpgA2sDknjvMTcW+A63MUKEDHUwDe4vnNFQi5qkpjfqAdAY5AaA7/a3ZNetcCXEF/qAwERwC7IRAqxn8uCQbKJy3EtrPhDX5whhcuY1uCemGBAuR//6hkEzWrNFm9iiqvFnLp9zURO7moTNXBxHai9F/5XwsXuZ6g9jMVgL0PO3oROEpF2DGBty2qYkVpu7JKYvCeeSNaRjtA1wh+CTpvD5fevTRLx11IG9n3jUC6ZiD6mEHREZ+PboAT4eL7xLI0fQMqlUPn+Cr4+wQWtGesh0FRoYVugHMrJbwkwPRui8TwAQPoRkYlD1qUw4VurcOLSipSy/u/MdWMQQARQAQQAUQAEUAEEAFEABFABBABRAARQAQQAUQAcwFQ7p9AAKkA7HmbkrSkY6NseICSfyUXKqXB4DYo7dK/9+TDi15An5UMRKsuzwqX/iL8uh3/6D0LiCWclMlecyBM8vz5Rfnv71922eo1CgxbXsYwhULnrJ1u3pMT/11zhxNNCj8RSCBdyx9Bi9ZMSlLipcwAFBSbONxLiz3hkpiw54j79f2nD0tLVptnoH+srqlpaGioqa6z/1ljSz229OHT+72KoyPhlU3GZ7mwJpDBemYgypOnlmLaQ/ocU7g30yKs7nxhVNTXPqvbuywYkb4IYakv9qFWD/73oleVXWmTcBkowheMFeHbFzFhRpWIyttlVbQ0u9UE/b+7XN0x9BNerXbUjLlmdYtWTVe3CqYWVnc26jS1Y3wEMG32ZiPW0q2Cb8ZIxzwK3UsDApg096JCN2DItB1obzVitZ0gUvAAO1swm1eaVUO6rgtz9hc4QK8T8wxlfyeinFZoWtWFC7DbqHhhoHYrZ//DqmtWFyZAr1ExraR6L8z+t7rZaoVC+H8GcMyJTdvpCSbgCHWtdwoLYJMNa1SCO3RFY1QDCqP3pgPseSgCxXAADV3VXQZ6w1n2aczWdLMBysKlnFIYgCryY80mHqj0kJyVfAfI2jgOhSAAtmrqSUtbdgFV/LowrbrBRVgOWBOkAMeMmmYpYxFpb7219aYCbPPpQ/6zq7HaqusAWcDdgr2wQ+xW1iF9abPC2HkzAUqFczvcK12bi/X61z8CjGunsRY31G5ReCZib6yuNdzMZox24+o3n1brA4DP9/VIU9bXvVw/hoOGMRlXCmki3rUfABiyYS9Vv0invAJWtFIA5xfBz8r91Oo49SJ8LxQ0rfz1vYMj2wfgzBd+whMkTfzHfwQsAZTximd5cJ4C7dxPnmLWZ43ms1h8XfQRtOjkHJSbmPde+zolKp6h/ExEOh67X3Sl5Dkenjl+yIHSSlYfbBagkAOTuVA9gDmbrud2mnMgXus7rYYL2nLgdRM2NPRkFNKn6Rr4V6vQo2T0GphKgeZbOX52EWkGAAJQ58QG1IwBJPJ4Hb2VCF8kqnDkEUAAunW6foYA9ut03TTXwj0hkz4UzCuAeDZRODsZANhpVDxT092MEVrK2mI7+QUQv1A1VqebnnQBHGqpbrQz0JAmQN3ON4AAuGurPQYaARo81bXufAnp5wIgXpskY4/0ADQ0Yra6fAnp5wpgMvqNI7ygDFDZiDnH8iWkn0uAyad/jXtH1AAaFn/CV0g9VMdsy7VNFAA2dWG2MWaDCfkNEIB3zl88wocDyPfaiG4QoKAB9l0cuRsVugFlxgCVAzpFo5v5cFa+50CiFk52Y/KqMwCo9rZgxmZ7LuKBNwEg0apZ1Gg8Y2oogOoxj0azWJejgOoNAQiAqrtWo6ltVZIAVLYSbl5VziLSP+7DeUneAsTN7vXUY0ZPq/uXeOJad6vHiNV7vKQPcBgDWDlx+abOrIY5lEO/4oVCH2lDc5dRoXN2DfTXGZR2FWF2paGuf6DLqVAYu5oNMKJM9JFma4+PZ29X6ol3p2XWSz9tk+UMdKi/1ktfKDw6qvj67s2nPz8sLS0rNFarVaNYXlr68OenN5+/EoMBhP9QL/22M8fgRg87+YrIzMeJpEZd8GCHdFAcJyKpIoaelMv39t4RtrcnL+dcPH9+LPnHx4nw366ds7MuwhwmivD/GKl0J728k6EoYyOV+LMzx/z8rUSoRqQLuxmDACKACCACiAAigAggAogAIoAIIAKIACKACGA+AhTdRgCpACwv7XAhgBQAih7ITCmAbenfZNC7VfQA2hX+Bf2xMgZExxl4l37bYHv7jhA0PAXXZnMwwc6mMKLfh554gRlR6Nkc/Pv0z+bAL2fJ5W0NyWE3V+cTmdTDTtMRa3fBuorhRXeewrqyTNDTiTjOY8zMJ8JbK1259lNPA3TBeAs9Z2HZDrTo+SysZxu86MQjKLdsmjHs62Me+PATaZVBTxqViehtWE8p7aLUZ/WKx4nPKWjXOJTrpVMENv34VARSNAKT/sek2sdcAHxlNr8C4NQ8OgXnGt+N7pLuWGTbvI0fwvzBJrlolEj/cGF3HkJ0NwISC9FVctGDXfxz3bwwzzzA0c3NBfxI50fJj3Vhc3MUROYjB8NknsPmKYL1tnmdPP11PP34wehpHEb0EGwubEZJM+tHXBN8NCd2T5kHGB0ejoKEGayuQri+ihIndoH0WL8sgNEvYHV3dJX0WKOv8PSnvq0vkLI+xEU3cYxEPoTwBVNmcLqdgxy4vj6amDcnFjbhXOPrUfJyMWyeNx/Or+9+i8YhcuBoYuogsU12AvsSSdHV7fkD8mvbl2gkMWUezkUOHI5Gh7fn183kF7aUa+LAPJogvVytmlcPcSKnXyDT/2IenYcThboGDpu/nW4nYERpm1szAu8YiZM7RyIZpd4Hl34Edlfx5COQB4UmqadoCGDuAYqqehA3KgBdFv8kAkcBYCVY2QJAMFNcGDYjp/0aKPZXEF18w4Mll7YxUgJpWzuOLUjXFXjRBgZFtxwddAPUhgTJcIylMouIdKwN2hVedPwBA6L3L+OAZXfpBlhi+u2YWKJnIhSbMQggAogAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAggAogAIoAIYC4Ajm/VIIBUAEosqU6vEO9MUNvtdn6WADN5Z8IRACq7XUWvKHOzu84Sk5Oet4drWJfGm2H9ZDLW729s9VaNtd723/bOxCeNLI7jAWSfdKSCWmmZQU7B4QxyKJeCrVKQWmowYBpr7aJx10QsNo3bpKZbk7Uuidm2G3vtNu2uvUza/Rd3ALWc8x5Xl9nMS4yIv/nBfOYdv/d9b+a394r667g8GuIglkpOKxa5bG3PaCK1WtJlfKyTyelse1CdcjhPFvO/u5qf3fXH7DZPQUfoPDeYLzO6YHHhPp+Zs226tmJhczi25dq0zc08zxlzOTe4QbTSr0Myk0p99g3b+viC2exLTis3p/96Lm7Yafabygby37iz6dldBcOXdLk+8LQJS8saxpSNTH59gpUqSZ5kA6khqxdad5Ww495Xp06xhQDupXkMHnam5iZ8oelNWOB2n6EfRDwm5Xhx14eNa02JFgwimnQ2W1DhM1T5Y3Z8nOFhTFLhLX+0l8OrSDYdYMJKhstH4RgeUDEYoNqIRyra+3CjurkAY4p1TaUwRmXXmhkL0GA1VXs4msFkVR01EeCqYqpaHHj6L8YBTGiN1R8hqTFqX/3ULIDEtNJcPZCOKeYYCdCMj9Iek95YaBJATYA00M1EwniagQDDii3IQXuKcFMAauxWB/1UbqzStWxzgHB+YACZIH06DLvJAZsLJ5SjDANoxqH8gOSnOYW5YYCagNUBFxMS5a24rQF68FUkNWYVTzQIkG8kHShqzFjZFW1ngAbtKKKcNao0NAZwXatCk7PCinHGAHSQRmQ9cJp0NAJwFfeg6oE+RYwhADUuuwYZoMbu0tQPMFnWidIIqlPFY1b7AjRa1QAZIFBbjXUDjCh8tSjSc0U9brsClKe1KlADQKCCd5hVAJoV5VoLraQ/WvjV2gKgJBTqLNYDr71GG1gL1JgEnqxLDzQoKwz1fbRrIgGTur30wOvR6PUiRVoc24hIEXXeE0VaGtmIPa9ZkRaryEC53syVd9DI3Nx+6hhuOynSoT5JpnhNZO+1DHWl4XRNRPbnxmN5rWsiPU9NtE4rlp91yj/k7bQmMvzDWq5WF6zKcZAbRudXOWuLPhystIDmrRz/0DdhwE+catTIq3KaFq7KcSYm5LSKNEofCKDhYIVBZAuvM8P1giJS2yAyZjUMtG4UPn7sScMA6cPBcoDj1WbRUIDESTiICJAKEggmbO2gDQfLAPoUEVAnwGzl9aADzH0vJgDk04WDpQArBYDoAMG6TYUKMN8ymLG5KFFdASsB6KHRylAA8gPZuRISwLzWw5DdWeGq9aoYoEG7DhoCSM3WXWokgF6tATAHINWzTSEAVNmmQYMAgcNkx76HAxxVegCTAIJIFYKFAFWkkWgYIHBYA/DcO+mTWSlzNljGKhMsAGiwGTHQOECKoKsbVv9OZ/UM2qEaUSRpAXq0RvrMo8gbLB1WK62Uy/cqE4B5AKmJQpoGYBhf54PmAAQO0kqju6kDNg9gIkBgVhrV1QBOwddK0QF+v2xUVl1WNZhMKsBMgNltM4mKALHRklWNxgBSg8hqtcBpAS+6igzbpY95SzvCHMAxE4mQvLq2TeaRirvfNKMlu2kYd5tDROkq0gqkPcCRVqyjLLXUuEvfYMeTpaN6hLSWKBUtA0gsD7UEIHCsK4wFJ0EMzSlNaFuRar7NYcpGjhdcGcLnwudKhaGWAeQ6ZxvI7kqbGtIzrTTNmbOBhtoTM26aYohOj2q+d0KTJG1en0GTFTQW0qQ2XR7dtCI1JBEcHBwkuLnsrq1ITnp0+5fXTzdxLWlTbm7+/efR7QaSk1YukivHh9yWPP57Y1NpI7X4xtM9zu2+b5KcdPChUNgrEOeyu7YmPW42sa3ZF4mEEyLRUL3pcdFy7v72myixEIksjGVffaP0uPlq+GR2CKu7CX+TBM2oTq8d/1TuF1q1JsKbvPyG14pBBKZIN3EQQboq7N2aLEAWIAuQBcgCZAGyAFmALEAWIAuQBcgCZAGyAFmA/weA553Xu1mADQAULV/JStIYJhTwjsvgGR5qkV1AtQyiO5XcRHbaXbPTjiZK+uKo2+0OgqVsKs03/ksZ4XEJzfqFaMV/0YJq2hKnmVkhstOreachZxMBum/dWgpGz2G5Gvi13BRiiIWId6GaCuaRnd5bIxBNZzLITs9Gj52CJjdhzu+Xl0remrmD3LMsdaNa9t9DdupGThkbRHbKjy4i2dUOMCjrkZS8RfCQzxV2QQs7/P/WKQ9rEUC2NBfgjPMhFc7o/O8IqKnooXMGYJPDbrhp1B/NVoLL8OxX/c6HVGR0fiQOXy9dyzoN3hl+ArU86s32UvLh+7zWAxy5PzkCuJbFEDzL9MjkmxHAG5Jc7YRZ3rToLB0AvJuNQp3Gz/7qBJjf2QU9VwHltA9EhT/qoRdQNCmkOoZQV2+09QAzMkkICPTg7C2oaahTlqF+ySb6YZaLvYCqJ13xETfU6by8LwSCd50T0IFE5weXu8DA1Ytx+FnpqOBvUA+W7rUeYO9QtxDMWIATfq7+5SE/NRfJSKCWPSGQ0YE7+rsWaE/eu3hGCLiXsMk3MEvZBBAugltxgQWepnx5GBBii/j+ZOsBPtLru+KCeGYCPp3q0uuvxG9cstyHTufEw/PnHr0DGEINzH2+aHI+JIcOq+fmh5+80+m/uw5twjdDd9fudPwa0h99g1F4YABcwAh5P6KptJPDgdcAMUfKFaEliu84oj4fyBCmw1KOWCwC5znw+CTIkd8QSIEMYeLOhjH/dRjDAmQCwOAhC7DOsvuZB97vHB6wAOssD1YAOHgRTFEvU/vvd1Pv34IHn/bBg/2d1O6nQxYgHODHDwcrL1Lb1Mvtlc8fP2wfBFc+r7zc+Xjw8cvnlbcsQHgN3Hm5nQf4bAes7Ka2d56Bl9s72+DZC7ByyAJEa8I5gF9eYl8B/gP+ec8CRAL4Fnw4qYE5gLu5JvwFfPnEAkQJYPYJcHg4SA0i/NQusf+2fz8/iKRA6gHYD7IA0co1ovIdCddYgOxMhAXIAmwWwH8BQAkjHxsMTikAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Pythonic Matplotlib

![Plot 2D data on 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot 2D data on 3D plot

![Create 2D bar graphs in different
planes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Create 2D bar graphs in different planes

![3D
errorbars](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D errorbars

![Lorenz
Attractor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Lorenz Attractor

![Automatic Text
Offsetting](data:image/png;base64,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)

Automatic Text Offsetting

![3D
scatterplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D scatterplot

![3D surface with polar
coordinates](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D surface with polar coordinates

![Text annotations in
3D](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text annotations in 3D

![Log
Bar](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAM1BMVEVHcEyvr6/ExMTm5uYAAAAsLCz09PT///8fd7T/fw4XFxeWlpZERETT09NmZmaEhIR2dnZFXEWfAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAA1RJREFUeNrt3dtymzAUBdBwEWrA2P7/r20gpNMmaYyEIcSs84w1Zs0Wks0ZeHr6U1HNradPiwtAgAABKoAAAQJUAAECBKgAAgQIUAEECBCgAggQIEAF8JsB66PUaoAHyRhAgAAB/l1N6AAuS2ALMAvw+jJU3VcxngDmJbCOVRlDOU7hpvli4Of3BXAaqimm+MUYAKYC9nX/OoVvDgxw4cD7ALzTl1gLMACUQAmUQAncD+Cv9yWBAAGawhII0BQGKIEAAQIEaBGRQIAAAQIE+N2A1e3WDoCf1ullqG4YLgDMS+DLUOd4ee1N2F9rx48AHHpjNrwGfjB5jAQCzAQcGta7esufco+WwM23MQABAgQIEOD+AFMGBrhTwABQAgECBLgt4HMKCkCAAAECBAgQIECAAB8JsACYB/jW2lECzEzgdGMdYD7g2NrRDt1ZlzoTMOW7P2gCly0iBwa8T2vHkRN4l20MQAmUQAmUQIAAAQIECBAgwF3sA+96ns8HTCBAgAABHg3QIiKBAPcPeAoVwGUJ7OsrwAWAp9B8XD46gHMBu08+UsYrwKxFZHqjTTHdWweY0ZkwvpClCu9bO34+4BfHbvHYE4AL32gD8PAb6W8ADAAlUAIlECBAgAAtIhIIECBAgAABAgRoHyiBAAECBAgQ4P+rAJgOWLZF7Opyao4BmJHAIp6nlymNgP+80QbgHMDqrS1rfOwJwGTAZsigXyK518DxkSclQNsYgAABAgToD1UJlECAEggQoGsgQAkECBAgQIAAAQIECHALwGq6vw4wt7VjemwCwNzWjpMpvKi1owwee6K1Y3PApu9i3bdWYdsYf6hKIEAJlEAJlECAAAECBGgVBiiBAAECBGgRkUCAAAEC3AKwecQ32mybQL0x6YBFUYz3hcPQlnACuKQzoYpTa8dR6t69MWnry81qmoSDVxs45djF3VkAc/oDPzz2RC3dB6r1ANsw+9Ch9XV2hbaffWyX8CXSrg2bJPAy/9AibnGiNy6Bp10BVjGGlQATTrRuE6K9L8Am6URTANt1Aljc2u1tPYW7czUbu++q+X7V/GOv1XWdZFuFbWMAAlQAjwhYXdbaSB8lgedzA3BJ9bUpvKTKcq2fIhYRgAABAgQI8EcD/gat9pfgsGClKAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Log Bar

![MRI With
EEG](data:image/png;base64,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)

MRI With EEG

![Multiple Yaxis With
Spines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiple Yaxis With Spines

![Centering labels between
ticks](data:image/png;base64,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)

Centering labels between ticks

![Pgf
Fonts](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pgf Fonts

![Pgf
Texsystem](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pgf Texsystem

![Slider](data:image/png;base64,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)

Slider

![Basic
Usage](data:image/png;base64,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)

Basic Usage

![Artist
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Artist tutorial

![Constrained Layout
Guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Constrained Layout Guide

![Tight Layout
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tight Layout guide

![Arranging multiple Axes in a
Figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Arranging multiple Axes in a Figure

![Choosing Colormaps in
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Choosing Colormaps in Matplotlib

![Text in Matplotlib
Plots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text in Matplotlib Plots

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_xlabel.html

