# matplotlib.axes.Axes.margins

Axes.margins(*margins, x=None, y=None, tight=True)[source]

    
Set or retrieve autoscaling margins.

The padding added to each limit of the Axes is the margin times the data
interval. All input parameters must be floats within the range [0, 1]. Passing
both positional and keyword arguments is invalid and will raise a TypeError.
If no arguments (positional or otherwise) are provided, the current margins
will remain in place and simply be returned.

Specifying any margin changes only the autoscaling; for example, if xmargin is
not None, then xmargin times the X data interval will be added to each end of
that interval before it is used in autoscaling.

Parameters

    
*marginsfloat, optional
    
If a single positional argument is provided, it specifies both margins of the
x-axis and y-axis limits. If two positional arguments are provided, they will
be interpreted as xmargin, ymargin. If setting the margin on a single axis is
desired, use the keyword arguments described below.

x, yfloat, optional

    
Specific margin values for the x-axis and y-axis, respectively. These cannot
be used with positional arguments, but can be used individually to alter on
e.g., only the y-axis.

tightbool or None, default: True

    
The tight parameter is passed to `autoscale_view()`, which is executed after a
margin is changed; the default here is True, on the assumption that when
margins are specified, no additional padding to match tick marks is usually
desired. Set tight to None will preserve the previous setting.

Returns

    
xmargin, ymarginfloat

#### Notes

If a previously used Axes method such as `pcolor()` has set `use_sticky_edges`
to `True`, only the limits not set by the "sticky artists" will be modified.
To force all of the margins to be set, set `use_sticky_edges` to `False`
before calling `margins()`.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.margins`

![Marker
reference](data:image/png;base64,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)

Marker reference

![Creating a timeline with lines, dates, and
text](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating a timeline with lines, dates, and text

![Trigradient
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Trigradient Demo

![Controlling view limits using margins and
sticky_edges](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABIFBMVEVHcEyAgIDr6+vz8/Pm5ualpaXGxsb////8/PyLi4uIiIiDg4OOjY37/P3+/v/a2tqUlJT9/v7j4+NOlMTt9fn6+vpJkcJUl8Zam8ji7vXo8fhlocv3+v3p6eny9/unyuJ0dHTW1tZ4eHn39/dGj8Gwz+WdxN5fnsrF3Ozb6fO31Odvb29+sdRrps5fX1/Ozs7V5fG91+l4rdLd3d1+f39xqdDS0tKLudm3t7dra2uxsbHx8fGFtdbi4uJ8fHzQ4u+FhoZCjMDL3+68vLxSUlJlZWXg4OCWv9zBwcHu8vTv7++cnJyRvdqamprKyspaWlqsrKyhoaHExMTl5eWkpKQ8ib6YmJhFRUWfn5+VlZU4ODg+XHEgICBYbHkrfrgofLatYxAzAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAEwBJREFUeNrsnQtbqkoXx7fX8a6EeElRBCuVxAwztVJTMB8rzWp32+d9z/f/FkfUCmGQ3IqSwbOf3MIA+nPNrDX/NcP8+vWxAWP76vYLuhlcDIAGQAOgAdDYDIAGQAOgAdDYDIAGQAOgAdDYDIAGwB8F8Kzbvbf3lI7itzNve4gG36zQ7dr9ikeH7OhTBHQM0Op0mv4pKB1lefE7hLZqQNDmDLyRikfpPgCWgr6rsNsD+jzfBzaGNperBFnjA4Al+BqoMbQAcKfK1ID7rNdM/cP0tahdZc5sKTEBhK0yFUDWmZqJxx0B3k3hVYIrCz8yQteZgl4B3g0wanB/PyhzF69N+/MDT+xwVt5mf05x7JAbFSBeOhzL9PABxqUwDfj1ODu4Ja1Ml7jzc/hzpf3WaQ7b1VTV5n7aeRsBZBnkzd6mdQqQfb4A+IgTc10f1dh7AniGoNp/Jkiiy4yrMMJ0AH/Pn5kZMMC1MED6dfQjtcGth+kBvsDg+ADUnAGuRLf5FKBHhtfhHRz1wOvUiXB3GGXhCoVBYWB+Mdlp4HkBfIpvW/AHznonWCBtwzmWL98/Ay6lQRt4zVgo7NXU49t0ZYd7GFgfBuDOVaPPcIocmicW6OAsHZ0CvH+jq9WUnWG64HbAWwsuMKyBUsfP8y7ENqDrY08yeASVAUGDJw3aQIwb0NXbHsG4kBQzuAOEGSdA+wlz8dWUlaGZkYPeqTtoi7WkT4CIg6IoB3A4hO8ivAfTP9R0B5i+jv9POVYOEEEwisKmN8fG9578oxwfnwCZ7jICaaMn8sMAYmOzP7OuaTPDahmCC0fWcXvLygGWuY7wUnc717J5GFiU02E8TtOfpva3N7lXDbD3So9cWKdMYGuqJZ4LyE7/KMoLokHt795zrRqga1htA1C5Zqh1AdyBAQwAkAhltb+7eeUAK9fP18Jr82zTAJFQ4zsCBMBmHYsFGwcIIsXvCXCqtmweYGzPALgUwON9A+BSAM9vDIBLAbw5NAAuBXD/xAC4FMC9mAFwKYDFA8QAuAzAViRuAFwG4FE4YQBcBmB0DWrCVgNMpKMGwK8DpMpjbXPH8gHQuwY5ZnsAYqZmnRISzu0PgL5w6zsCRDYDkCWBqQAsT84RQIQqj0cGHeS+IcB23bQROStlAs4+uK7TLgfAnbRH2JdPfkOAZur6UXhdt6Daq/bpQpntVp3IexWeL8f49FqFewQLQC2wdkm/4Ox3uqMX9qMNBOenimcF85EjfQLESWEghpUlLRsPY8DVseJZ+ZOrUFCXAF8Hzr5O4kCQVJRjWukEyN/oEqADs2B6AbiXVzrpeFS5W6GEHgHqqCeiLMckQqMG0BvOGQDnA2yFFeSYDOqd30QaAMcAs6hCJT0di/1HK6jD2w1wNw13tEhkXHnj4YwBcC5AJTlmNzTZf3yzDQC9LUQrgHEUHiy30Mktc5FtAJhYcgjLHIDeCLyO7k+9RzS0uw1V+PhKK4AgBg9UTqZ9ZO/yjaAeACbzmgE8gcoxn4a5fCOoB4At1KcVQKgc4wuG3n1LMrYNAJdsieYBhMsxDfTdbR2hiS0AmAgLXsQbXRJgwWkHoPP6ZBYBvDqc32YsP4hVF3HgWHk//Te3FMBetV+1govCnUsEEC7HnJ9/3npPfwDL5UUBCm54N3SFjjuuyF8CFCT9kQmCl0fwIekrjI4RKf2nh7oD2CbJ9oIAhbAsGRuLI8hp+kpAGI96FwQ4SSqBmmB670kluBwTFyXrcgc+vQGss/4SAJZe/euKdDE8tsL9kbnso8XwcSKeRCO7CwLETM1Sv2Z/vraLqnAjDPkdgunPa2eXHbyweoDkRacOwF1z8PWcSBZNIGgL7F5ms7+PQDAfCkWKu8iCAIXEOmXulQsdEcBsGqJnHaGfO+OhI70BfHl6HS5WhX1BNJoVlKXTMCrEbUirgSzeBkLDmCBMjsnFRJdfdiD66gFSNtuikj4SbuzFRm1R/HT/L3SFeQATaFS5J6zqReLBTQD8Gzkrn1xiPPgcgL54GCJUHIrvlVMehLkXDsUa3wPg/gHa0AIg8B5A1IKZWqsoWoOry1x2/3fuWwCM/j8c1wQgTI7xzvxYcaW+SPF3dvy38R0AgswSPaq5ACGjY8RRjLIXSYQm+5MqveXtlvShcoxEQBD162Yq8ME74PMfDRAix0h6J/DeXjD93luJ/j76yQDlcoxPIjCIw2pRoU/KN7GfDBAix5yeSxo7SPsrHrSQCM2bNXu23QB9Obn5SGR+HyxvkhGbZVIxRIhnbmKl7bbAjDxxKZ2GfXgKEdhOZ9Qbhe5eDkUPD7ccYEOWb5EFfpCcVjB9NAsKZoLxw/ReXIOHTmwMIPsiPJGyazsTA4zK5JgouisNa2SS115kxlEjEUhuKnEQ290qJ2Kha7QZ2Mnh+BuxU4C7soRVQzr/Kyj3InkJsExaFk0nIifx7fLCqRJw9cFTxUFjgErVpgCDaHZ+GDiyL9lkiGBacpIvJtU6vLG8V5swxhxwpjYC0F8HzQK4rWC0A5iHbs/UUGRyjLzJk42MyEWkCk3jUmLIh+8TQVcOsJfqC0/NRBzrBkiRT0ShkiI8T8K7ztQC5aNjTmVdMxnSkyu5W54NyG8+MgGrBIh1K5UKNUnr2EyDdU9zMFfwHgtSXUzsROSTlU5kDqERiksaRXnnLXopnjWWvIxq0RPBKrVajeq6HBuxQHgYI5djIrK4WdpOFmGZqKQolBFrXCuvwv43T01HcaBMjoE8D8onsVLoiCNf/iMRkPld1LAvTHX8HT0BlMoxQUiWZLaMwnjFYGjKNTejUm+7mDCbQRoZUjYszxTNDFT1ZVB4Tj8bOhydGjy/LP4kNUY21yYTlieRojOTvmB940lQng/lY6F89EfJWaAoURP2DmDilSjWSaDKs7QbyeTRD9MDQQOdPQAd8CYOpZVqsFLHYdsBZiVKyuEVpLTYLBVr8A8FKBVfoEm47GcjGEdbBkAxwGB4JkpGoOPyvWjmL2vw9gOUqAkJFJqB/sxtHi9Wg7cfoG/W5GRy6jT2e097SLRoA6BUTWhA1fnJ/OGJO/H9cICIFOCsmlBUmB039b2+yKIPStkiRZowmQHo1k3jt2wAHrcoPdRymsdc/CkA2wOQLN9dA9CjXoYAYPj9B8Cbc2XdQNwZGYc3sSugH4BrE1St5dfX1wqBlYV1AXpkSlgSjvgAODs2QfFZRjnBjcDzl3M37dKa5GQphZJLdUGELxRpmuat5mAul8sdkq3dUpS5Ph6kDzqcZ3qY+OMRFf5DfrxzlcSXcQlH/vzPM3Pt2SJrWs3hfZuuJ0L71RbkwImyapG2C1dbT6RAkOb2/SM3eWqNv/l+Aj6zqoj58zr2Oi49YpasQFIg8Q2sJyKpYOrTRQI91SIpm/qdMAQgyPtTa9gX1fIPt6pF8Kdl25flAX5hYcwz9SLYos+RwtRdmEO9CHK2eYAAsVAqgBDVpVsQalGPpH5N8IUFYzCHDgC6S8P5H/WCJFIqNMimbbHPjdcJtbXocFJ1ybhUibRvHiDdVFnf09MumFQqG+8pL/a5hzaWULF7zE+oXYWi+vWNAmyP3Hzf36/655Yy+XFSxQL99urOYrFhnyIcqiaoXoVN3Y0CxFmW7VGISj0IVOxutWYUIxYzwcfHlCqeDq3WClrctc23gcht/XW+B7DWSVbFEDzky2LNec+tSvysxA1VitxzzdrGAQJkBQtjIqtfXHO6dKbWbthYGtIAaAA0ABoA/wqg3/4zNlYrgP+1d+ZdifNQHD4CNSqLxFKgtEIt+zYCZRUFCiNyABlEZfT7f5G3ODOOC2nTaYW3NPkDD8eclj7JbZKbm/sTJpQdylI0D2C91VQ+R8LkV84ExhY26jTRI92mnpWPlqvzsvj9m0s/CncYoKl7IoMlAPcimDTfy+NOi1ECEBeg05FneosXgeZXH2igmOYJQAyAx9c/FksnJfSc700YeLkCAYhzzGHcjsfhHyf+233hiFwmAA1trCfpKAFoBCBMpwhAQ6Ed/USAADQUG8OlCEBDADM0TwAaAegNJQlAQ+FtsTAkAI0AjCZKBKChAMvCJQFoCGA3GCUAjQCE4RwBaChGOlUkAA0BZBMRAtBQlD4XIwANATQuf2JzgJENiMZbGSDTXCifi/kIBXAXbdhMgE+e6gAwP+a/AsvWKVzvoA2bCVBwnB+Bg8PqM4NSuN5BGzYd4OrvGUrh2rd7NmwmwDtPtXkxbl60HKh34A7asMmDCJzFR/MT5CCyg3PpDR93hekkAWjovPA/rocD/XKGJQDBuwwt+KVfTITS4WA46SUAYUh3jEK0IE9ZHngjsZAJitRWBwimeoXh2dBrvjRvTJ5CuwPs6gvy8LGJxhtm2dD/LVRu4wDfZFnCKZHg+3yc0WI4YG+AKAWZ9YVPfwyM81ZCAXsDzOjRnyqkPw28sBKO2hmgT48YY05es3CBNY63cw/UoWuOiMvkuRq0M8AcdoxHbX1ksC9KN/7tab08z1sf4CetBKQBI2MKWVm3WwxmYwUuHAqF05VUP2BpgJ/UOlArkCB6I777qG9Nwt6Egtw0mel2M7lUjaaLyYiFAWI6BRucSiq/3KOOUKVSRS6W3/Q6WEqlE7WM16oAIzhOQR8rq1p6Kojbh9iKfPnZk5Od0nTqX7qhNxph2b8C5mYCjM+byvBwdaclUg+xHPs1jQn3qySKxvOm5Mp6Rxif4xIFHf2Yz+ZuClwokQjSbwTMzQR4+9xrgrhwkXetvvXQaZNwnIJ9WaN7eLkaRrbObDikkta4VEhwOZx2CGSmXJDmKjfJTJaNBAIB+BUAhXG9B4Yi8IwAmB+qCLJgOPZ92qkQAyHtyUzscarOJ5AK0TesBrwGFwwVktnoV78DX3blrgRwuABg7BLR+cIwHPtrdLTWtIPGcB4pYmTV9paLiWIOMbGJZBrpFTzWu4lBhOqJA6rdWeYd6u9ADBvGO5hTUp8O5uQC3qqZTYWDxViJ//DKKzfCQVrpeXBTozBcnIM6HDdPgBZATRsu40Wzdh/RXTlakHUEdGZTHE1zl7Fypt/tK3PFy7QyUlzmspqLpu0koYVhdRv2hjBXGv1HVMVMsKhzkhItJRtFZa2yWq3Upsku3nJlS1l8U+pzafxksF15rWsi2nj8xxgIyPNWkMNgVYNkeB2HcrJ07XNXydCcAdF2YAGA6oFuST0+10At+GFdnK0lNheCsy2AajnreVpfOH9MrpXeTo7lyw3Gj2wLoIpPyxcL61zmRy4TXDIb4PlIN5VOFLIA7D5AFd0OdU1z1ExOmXasSjG54S2nrQFEH39N6VWk+N2ns6USywMfsAlAL11GGXcfWKhsT80BtZxrWOs80/YARtY7TFm5RABiAQSVtR7TQgUQgHgAu+s23boySwBiAvStSeTh0y8pY1+AIPPZZ5W03KHsbQL87DUNJCyXY8tMgIOlC4D40+0CEyDoyx/egpUasDHAutAUITj93jx9+drDEDP5sHVZliM2BcjUz8/rkznIO4DT436GAJzt5zFEaNjH/rspoAWTKpgD0PmwXFJPFGi99LrrMQAj6hpDhMYXexMxzYcbANjZhE/yR37n3emdf4/BNWEAa8U/2zbeIue1N0Bwss8wUnw2Y3AHkZXvKlz55ZWJFtOWTCuzdWnIQDrc9QI+R9esmZZn+9qa/E0ixNG0VQ8h/h/ESQOZZNeyyQV3QN11VwFWxwe/CwQHmsWkKlCzCoSm/hjo+jJx0qPO3u/S+banVTCqVLWruFt5t/Eqyp2q+FVE/1cBfG1GeFrVbPVxR7OKU9TuXQ8DrcvA+YXmneIio1WFEeOvffHLAL6WtrbSqlO7SnyifafBuWaVkbbY48GtZkwWvMWU+zIFIMSRATWlyoH2ER4IN/VjzANo52IYYNvvUaYzdfdcpeFHKwXL4Z4HrfEKL6oO5XPuVlHpbHZOV4qGHrSJQqo3UP5IPQptf8eHfuUyp24PWhzW5T+UALg/mjCbALikqGcQz5+L6LeTo3XWcoHRtwX6B0HpWkG3X52hFUeh1Korz/99gPaiHdSvlBtBcd+Nlhw9OZ57lAb/MUJfxnnSrAKwN/BcbAJgZ3glAocAHtB3q7vB4Qyc3FXVNISrCkBqDtScjG4F4PjhyK/S1yXBqbQmuFAbsjxNpU0fekv0ZUbflIfJxxf+TQB018+qoJ0H/gH6qUTQqb+4w9QADhU7foItFSej+2wllhm/RnfkYedeGdFaDIVuKnh3t1LdBO2WioGeCRDkx83bTQCcCcL+7XjSEdFC9EyvejS7OPOIKibR/OmeUQ5BVOk6g5/V2cPQU50guw7zXaCcE9dcFO5VbrScSZTk6TygLcbjpiipKQrSRkZhlws4DqCk5t9nJCY+jh/fq11Fktpj0Fb7yaerKow0VJnBXEnHjIMBQ3RjgrF0fMool7lSmZAq/xzHwdBBpjFWmMYQgAQgAUgAEoAEIAFIABKABCABSAASgAQgAWhbgP8BrHnsC401t0oAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Controlling view limits using margins and sticky_edges

![Scale invariant angle
label](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACMVBMVEVHcEzr6+vy8vKDg4Pm5uaAgICIiIj////8/PyLi4v+/v79/f54eHj5+fn6+vru7+7/kC5zc3N8fHxLksNlZWXe3t5RlcWBgYH39/fx8fG6u7vW1tatra2SkpPh4eHb29v7+/vLy8vr6uqGhoWcw95wcHD//v5tbGvx9vuBs9WWlpaqqqqmpqZ1dXXJyclgYGDOzs5dncmPj4+/v7+szOPExMT/+/eZmZl/f3/3+vy2trbp6en/6NSjo6Pz8/P/oU7Y2Nhubm//+PX/48p4rdL/9/D/7d3/mT7/17TCwsKOjo6enp5locywsLD/9evk5OS4uLj/8eX//fugoKBpaWnr8/nG3Oz/3b//nEazs7P/kjL19fVWmcf/uHpwqM9bW1v7/f7Z6PPi7fWRvNrfVVabm5vU1NRppM3/rWT/sGr/tHGOutnm8PfhXl/d6/T/qV3/pVb/xJD/wIj/ljj/yJjN4e+41Of/06tWVlbC2uvrlZXvrq7ldHTjaWn/z6XHx8f76urtoKH/zJ44ODgpnyfl5eWKior0xMT98fHdTE3Q4/BJSUnS0tLmfHy20+ZFjb7/vIGdnZ1BQUHS5PDohISfn5/yt7jpiov31NT2zc353t7ZQ0T/lDWoyuK00eaZwd365eX2zcX42dk4faxNTU1puWNQUFC3inv0iiu10uYcHBw3n1rA3rmEg4LQubl9gYXEiFPrfBmzrqrGbyKzxtR0vYXbmz37/v3NuXSZ1J6IxZsJY/toAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAD6RJREFUeNrs3YtbEvkaB/BFiVdhBGccFJA7EQWDkIQoColtGhZ5gbaI0nZPsl3s4qXWtgttZXWOdCrPtrtnH9vd5+my1/Oc+/WvOzOApFZuDDOCM7/3eSzA0sfPw/h7+X2f98d77xULUL1rvffGQi4IEAEiQASICgEiQASIAFEhQASIABEgKgSIABHgeiVPp1bcU+/P/RU2Fu63xpc/E4yu+2Wiw2IFNP5ErbjnTeQ57DlbAF8ECrfaQ8vihY/VFTeIFTAgc8slDsKjVshIe6w3AhSJSzI4gMJAEuHMAh5RaWRkvdnAOA8nHGr/oBlTRx1kWunuJJOYI9xGRtwpKmA2kC1h8QE2OGowk/V2b0jm90jJQZM7PZ611Vpw5rnZ64hZbg/JDBSW9ugCNODQnCVEKu2kTS4xhRKaRb9rcR4P6hbnsZB+f9CRTsTFB5i9LVtwSjyQxZ44gTKYsORiJx5inoFhAn850eaADOYe77RnGMC2252YDHQ/DUEoYZ+r8aS8EXBSPgyStfq4bK7TnhQfoE3mT3rU4+DFfaTKbjDh3nGVSutP1NRkxiV2g2VRZWifsIW7lQb6d6B6zqhVaUmsU/GyVfe8ZjxscYAh5FtQtTxxTcTcWkmN6AA1disAFiWgVaZsSYwHjDaYIBP+3kWPJ0okSH3ruJ20hgky0k0xz66YJ5HUBwDLUh43FsZSaRtQSd+iw1GTdCltZCQtOkC5IvennLmlNjmSzPqqVAKYNRo5NDCfM+ecFYWF19yQe6Au9zl5fjlOEsr8l9DUibqRVtSTg0o2/zHzBL0SEdcrkRqpOCrMFyBmqxdDtbTwBdiiEcU1qpXxBVhbIwpACQJEgAIBNOt08nAsC5pkGwJkAxg3BFx3H+Mmp9Ntyb18RYClAQ7qgy9x0D/GwGegXzgZxjf1Ktxzau9GA6ridz2vAKVqLLyJ/fpnpkY3GlAatQXrmUs4kL+EN/PvwP6Z6Y2/hCWxDAhkERkZeITamDLq4JHjqA8so/buPrMNAZbjd7oEPwS4tvounhoFBMi6Oi5c6ECvhdnX6KmLfWgzoQy/07v3AgJkXdvOHCnVDwGurONHDgICZF+PBkYAAbKv6Zl+QIDsa2qJjR8CXK7ZpR5AgOzrRiM7PwSYr08a9wACZF/7WPshwLzfYUCA7Otw4z5AgOxrT+MnUA2AKW83KNJWgFbppgLc03gDqgFQ2Rmwz09swa0UETExD2ySYL3n6C2oEkA9ZrIDRbnNwQBAJkamNsP+S//SLFQHoKY2jllwiAUw8LcDeHWOzQDYPzMFVQKoIk2En4gSFttwrW6zXMIjA9NQLYCQGdTXGQeT0N3uqtski0gpATpqY16vkgJ0BPhalRagI8C11bf79CggQNbVcfFUByBA9n6lBugIcFWVHqAjwFV+Z0oO0BHgymITACPAFX4DnPmJEnCaTYCOAIs1xSpAR4DLNbvEpZ/4AG8d7QEEyL5YB+gIMFfsA3QEyFQ5ATAChG2HufcTFWBZAXolASfPd1WDX3kBOu+AZn0opPVTNdAWkqwB3Nr08NjYjq3fXPqo60Ql/W5ANQMq0tG5YSxU34u7iNwBVq9Sua5D5z94evb9A8eamnaO7fj2m0uT2zcestwAfQMu4ajhsQ6wxy6IqADUWfy1geuu7eevMJDND5t2frzj2x9/N7l9w84B6/9hCqodkGjdPwzuOAURLcDwhOetwfqJ7R9e2fWb9w80NTXnIT/aLufbb+Avf5ZXOaDaAWl7u3PIbsh/yV8P1uWHcpA7achjB3ZsvUxD8uQ3MjB9oiVQ5YAqI0CrrwFMulSJbQwN+QED2UwXA3mJa8iDTICuIb1VfgmX3QfW5SDHdh5rbmr+eMfW39Ordjk/mi7YOp87uHHvkeNMAJwlGwQOuHLV3nWWhlxufyZZtD9Rz+JtD046ra8CdFlSJIActD8qAp9rw6QgjXv+lp+gVrpilKdOXIDs2x+Jh9K2OMfpdgqG/p4P0J0hO4FZxAm4sv15Wmx/tl7+w9vaH7M9Br2YBqeXtY5TF3IBsMYBna3BdnEDvnP7M0zQS8jzLbHcBHU+QFdGnAs+aUSBAN8AybQ/9DPyShEy0kpfsn4FM0FdDNCNPqNJmahBgG+6tPPtz7OH+fbn8j8idPtj7YBf/vuf3asDYNyIAN9etmi+/WEWm2NjZ5/+786dO7+s/ictFgT49tpiedX+0Kv22M804M9jzKp9aLn9+VMbAlznG/pX339BA/5zF93+ND0rbFpMEugZuE4ZgikphFXLd2f/9eLOi9zL8ihxvtD+PGtet/0ROSAVV0U0smzh3q2jPf9WZTqZV29ElMfdHwEBZt1QTy2/Z9INJgAeIoYcKehdu4mwpv25XNamhYAAw2SD83l3/va+GSZAjydiHqXWk1mv/Tlb3P1hBymkWLM26qov+P31e8aihdJjvR79u21aMLs/Tczuz48l7f4ICdDrjuf3TA837jOQsW7NoF42R2ZK2f258mr3h4F8h90fIQHK7T55wQ/AdDeR8CySLhZnCXcxmxard39OiAIQvCTzXjfLAbpZGy5vC/qddn+4A5R7vQpzZggUFnWlAKHeCdDDeYC+bvvDXbC+fzCpMMjs0ngtsxlSGcAUqevnKUBnfsRi+9O0c5JzQO1Ci1MVAVfILdfRz4OwlqjESebdjh9mef8mXYc+vNTFOaBqIVwfc+cm1qPtAC7bXCXO0h+Zmd7g78jdyD/uI7KdQSx7V9/pq9QlzMEEeuUaaWPAB9KADlQTSXmFAEe4mKAW8SuRg0e4mKAWL+BebiaoRQtY6hHkCHB1cTZBLVLADs4mqMUJyOIIcgS4ss5Uyk8ggBxOoIsS8BGXE9QiBJyuoJ8QALmdQBcfINsjyBFgvrieQBcbIPcT1OIC3Fdpv00OyMMEuqgAeZmgFhFgNfhtZkB+JtArB6gdskKqG0DTvTGAPfxMoFcM0JwYDErdeDKMuancAzyfI91zdBaEBeiwWSgq5dYHlMwZ5q2ZCK/Bev/SFAgLUG414bgfsIAecCuAj+L1LP3+DQ/QeQesk0pwQ3uW8Nf2Rsx8X8JcHEFebYANhi1BjZMwyeOEl+9F5GAFAnQhtTHcHEEuXsDKBOjCAezj6AhysQJWKkAXCuBopQJ0gQAWJ9C5qIZ50QGyeQ/vt9Z8UuYNiwyQywC9LeBq1wckogLkMkBXtQ8ZJyDpEhPg9AyHAbrRUKcOQDqwYnRGowoLGnCK0yPIte1G+hkYK04iGnVqddCvzczLhQo4y3EA7HVSg9TjwoC7SpI1MmNidWqdRClMQM6PIAfrcH26MMti1HcXHw4nrUIE5CNANy8vwQqTasXDQz4BAvIaoCt9q6c6G9RyoQHyG6Cno2seGDYKDJDnANi6NnyY9woKcNsefv3Cr3OpzEIC5DtAVxcXjeI+t05bKUB54YNDwJ7GW7z6Qbe6cOP+9ZPnrj/4/NPPrn5/9Y9fff3d/b6NBZR6jD67QZHBZWEOAXuW+A7QNcs9zOi1k/eufvbplw+uXT937txJps5dv/bgS1r0i3u06M37o9t4BGwIkG12q8znlhqC9G8RKcZJsF7+e3j/+hoSXL5187f3ij1i3/2b33391b0vaNHPadH/t3d2PYljYRxPeXugrZI2Nm0VKEqABERJjQvBhaCb3aQYFzKabFiy8Ua5mMTMzVxMHAy6k2UgoxdudGYc98L4AfYzbusL7MXhRKH2hemTSGL+qef01+ecPuX4Pz3SiPZ6GtELjWhXf4DbRb5IQzpHw2wOIBTY1cOxboSDOlrrP7x97vXBJMhE4n/lILnRVYneXt0TbZ0d6w9wsfN3Pi4GZjPB1Jb2ux4L68YsoDcGY6V1gakG7j40sC91E9nnCnFfdCXOizrNgQYtoDfqfYI3g0Fszl1YePjRBaBhC+hzg+2h3u91J+brrA3jFtAbzceHkUTry6QANNSB3gwR91tMT/97fTUZAA1eQBdLSs2z0G4Hmyd7G5MA0PgFdOGvIDG3oLZ8dDgBABOmOdABvl1/tT3AxGvzHNQAJwcbdgf4h5n84IeDQ5sDNNVBrcbt9a2tAZrroNbi8OCVjQHq/A7vkWrQgxP7AjTbQX0XX6+/2RWg/gvoI5UBh0ekPQGa7kB/HMR7720J0AIO6vsgr65vbAjwN6vwU+PLUcJ2AC3hoH6M7tMGsZUAWsNB3Y+PvRt7AfzJGg7qQVy0DAW4JjXuXpHr4kYD+OPvf1qLH3R7nw0ESIXCbJOhQ2KG3h8BYOKXf95ajB+QH3vHBmagsErLW1OZ9CaZLKk8/fyzABqwgD5COX3WemUcwMY2m1fuHOtxAmCRf9ZW8CZsQf6UOD7rGgYwyhGZSqCdX8pn4/7nZuCv1nGgPzf0A7jpKwjFWATS7rnnzoFWcqCbBnCMMsZSDnQbArSWA91+AH+2lgPdfgDfvrEzPytkoK35TdZr0RyADkAHoAPQATgpAPNB/0NQ4MfEOKp/LJUaQ+33z+N+KYA+1vsQ7DLvHRo8PYNTGZzqzS/nsSpG9PIzGVzDyzTu4OX+ydHhlwI4uEgLeczVpCQfiVHnUxjVP00LGNVF45KIrDQx3SL5Kq7TtDhIxhcD2A/XNk5dW8SpUh2nkvu4/gvn2G6FsK7gYhCnnj/1y05dAJLR0VUKf4WjY6h+7D9vRMnR/7LeAL/nGBvgvC9XUgeityKh1KwvpxY7S3wNeWww5TsFUNzykNGk5LS1LL6JVutFgAgvn6K0RqBSUId4rrOGbDdWUbReVdbQzXY0g3HN2zYEIMel1DmuNrOK3I1lwdMJgZhsrnPI06yuMiTI7BADvodJkpCls3HkfMQlaYD2roIUiXcFAiCdKsSQh77TDNebzDxyFJd3tMkzEm8mRUOGMJlfUpvbZkNIdXO3DBwNsoJUs8ub6od6JshbREVhKQgVgUElqNhReBI8Rb6IvDTpMD8NvqwrjlLFxUCFguYlg+xV6FMuFtXeocxKRgCcCteBVK+kxKD1dAqqDLjn0Wp1XbNgFWRkAiaZD1mopWAd9cgj7SQ/aLuXeJJDOrazBuEVz5BeUTOa/VBB5mfdDUmRnHcDUzUCYO7TeTlbP5UzBWRnwvRKriSzLHLTbk725bayNTl+is7tKitdBml2HznSyLlYM1Su0MjMD8qx8GpBYjLIybda4S9n24rMLCGPpd0pIiXk2QBlBECCKwcbYkPyoG8TZQII0i+hq6opjgNREMvDKjJKnAqCa9guOX6XIAoSOkuiEQ4aIixEhrQbgVLDVR6yt2CJoygCBOlJpYxTxphdxjgAHYAOQAegA9AB6AB0ADoAHYAOQAegA9AB6AD8bgH+B8RZsVX0SrHRAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Scale invariant angle label

![ggplot style
sheet](data:image/png;base64,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)

ggplot style sheet

![Autoscaling](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAA3lBMVEVHcEyIiIjz8/ODg4OLi4uAgIDr6+v////8/Pzm5uZNk8T+/v/2+vz9/v5JkMLn8PdXmcfg7PVdncny9/tRlsXZ6PJppM3t9Pmjx+BjoMucw97M4O661ejB2eqwz+XF3OyUvtz6/P3e3t6qy+NycnKJt9j39/eOu9l9sNRvqM/7+/uCs9Z4rdLT5PG3t7fl7PHV1dWvr6+Xl5doaGh3d3egoKCFhYXDw8NFjsG10ua8vLyQkJB0q9HJyck9ib57e3vv7+9Ai7/Pz8/x8fGoqKhWVlbj4+NDjcDp6ek8PDzlCnnVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADbRJREFUeNrsnWlb6jwTgI8KRmhLS1vKLhSQHS7ZBEQUcMHn//+hF1ChS9LtpZHizAeOeCrL3SSzZGby799eEIhT+YcV4AIAASAABIAgABAAAkAACAIAASAABIAgABAAAkAACAIAASAABIAgABAAAkAACPL/AnyN/A259Avgy0PoL0j4yi+AV9U/MUcXF74BfP0TAK8B4OkAvH6MbJXHYwkAegN4P+gj1Az3KxEA6G0KjzcAPyuo/7hZWyMvl9S/DMMFHODjCKHIBmAXoV7onboWzgrCHRdkgItQ5aP7OuxVdovgA/Up/NTOLeNBBvgxGq3G1c/R6neUiBTtICUVZIAM86tmTF7mUDnNgB3oVep3CPETHgB6FDaa3TymywDQqw6OqpvHjAIAPUqtvn1MxCQA6E0aOwXMxhIA0JOoQmFnCaSnANCbFfitf9tFAOhJOlF292+mDQA9yW3625wWGQDoXQkjFJ9IANBTJCH14xEnAKAH4b6U8OaHdA4AelLCP4GsdgYAelHC8s/SR1kNnwvA6T6OlRcAoAcpfithxMTpesPnAvCw8iXlBAB0L2LO4BQDQHdWTLSz/zl9G1SAXOlj81hdfdIHmIwdQvl0wwnHBNgdVla7zIQtR7rbmgk5adYngQM4jMxDqPrSG24AznsDmpkJBUE1hRWCB7CyuH9A1avRsITQ6pEqQC20bDSoAGdv/bd5ZFB6GVOfwtppm4hKAQW46I+qveo81GtSVyJ1jeLg5XhAAf6iGaM1XVg5CwDdSjSLNaoBoFMzMKqdtU8ZAOhS4hozEKFaCwC6lKysap6VFQDoUnKi9hnViOB5AMw8aZ91ZBYAupNWTfuMj/IA0J0ouqxAVhPbAoCORMjrnsoFAOhKWLljMSABoK0Yvd96EQC6s6OjSX1spgUAXUknqi9QomlJnwXAnGBlVwNAW0k1DJ6dwAJAN2KMHuhjCwDQVowJWfroFgC0FeNWOhfrAEAXwol5a88kKAAvR70bhBajXpUuQEkwDrhGOZAA+6NQDzWv+vPdrhy9bU3etOS1ioEEWFmsHtD1f6GXCEL38wq1jXVzRiDF7I6jpnZ8zi/Q9TuaPSI0fhtQ65lgTkWg6IocESDTCw/Ho8vQbNszgaE4hXNp82+4II5AtLpHJa46/6CshVNPpjFJzxU5BzPm7s4uPAMALcW8kS7Ra51wDgAVU04vR29X5AwAqqLZ76BX73UGACXZPNwaKQDoWLQJ5ntXpAYAnTsiE7PNQs8VOQOAWdlsNRtj1ADQlSOy/R0DAL07IjRdkTMAiMmnpFiyeQYAcXkISWquyBkAxNl8LLXWE8EHyOC8DlUsAECnnpyQdeQfA0CSJxeLO4rQAECC8Osk5rfmGCEAJMhP1zG9UGt+EnyABVHF/PZWAYAOBY8qL3LBA9jsjrf/lOZUAWae8BNbDR7AUSj8iNDlYLB7RmtbE68ueFpd8I6amXC9ukA3o97D5ufejNZhBPhmYxKtDLejAyy9v/xXQuizNKSU2oE3mVkhG8ApPAt3e68f3+0mKK2BnJh37OAFQIlw8yaq3tNUIiphB5NWsU3gzZjkGh+4otW/KPAA44QmJ7TK1gMPkBS8p7WtFHiApEw2WsU2gQdIyqXMRhkA6ERIW+i0tpUCD5CUT85TckUCD5BU0WCufQCAWCH1eSJ4KADQ6LIRUykptVINOkD8ltJWKG0rBR0gOZ2c0rZSwAEyHYFkreAj1QDQIOS9j2kaADoQcsteSr1ogw6QvP+biLIA0H4NvKuR/otSC7Kgj8AnYj2DROdUh6ADJDecVelsKwV9CkezHtieKsDIVegSVfvhLj2AVoeg0alWOibAh8fRCDVL14Pr3TMaAHmZrCnoVCsd/TAChFYvTWol/4fDvNxYOKcKcFgaz5obfgtErelEQSAnYdFxRY4JcFyp3Pc/34ejS2pT2OLsEAZXAnbiWvj6Fb3eXEciN9SUSMaiqDAhS0EDSN+MsWr2SedYjIADtMqAodMNOeAALbuMUemGHGyArNzxODwBoINljkoLsgAAlGplUmTP+vwpct1/p1X4OwA7clokqQPrBBiSkai21o11kfsjAPl1ZjOWCAdcWDsbJDelHOM3Y7f4RwC2tx4tJ6Q8uLsER1mKbVV3Yhn/EwCzy124pYCtKLQJuBCC+jVlN+9bjb8AkBO/8wsaNfeGChtLYNeErwU1OSn8AYCF2PfiV8CWbtkEnbGWdOpn3cykzwNgnLeoamsU934ZJnZvV02DrcERf0ZtcmKx6yQlpGAAzCrriUyciPFDDUMLk3WftAkX4EIN8UM/jzoxkZ9XYpNohg0AwNvnIp/MTWoEo6x2yG/JYlJ27dJ4cZZ05pBT3ZkkCep70oqzeSEtnTzA3PNulYpH8dpUih2mqCrnMXa0tTWMSUDnhOnh5zTeOIovd5qLVdLsaQDkCXeS6Tznfz4yViNOtZZwre3SjsZmHiViScLrH26V+H072TTRzIyrNAHWRPxUkaL7EXAbw12iGyFZszdi1+QOE5NOKboRjnMRM/vjxpMxQpZr+dCykAZAto3ffKwrB0+2Ubdc7/Hf1q4eDtMAStHNWpxmSjwf3qeAd1cyyyzlNbCFc6py2jLB+NI8GIp6X8G8UW6XBs2ZbB9JH5boYLSQos1sreHSD1PrhD9r4KI/aiJ0HxqbAHINRTVriKnewTKtRdE8efY5MQMxhmBWb4+rwtRkuutUMyub9Uz+ueOTEtkeUo8uK/NtK3iDFmYFU8Zyq8Hop5tRjxQMCX6m4J/9wTUmQ7BWJ7glJt9x74sb3yOxzPmlhXeZCaUhmm2G4NuVrmcCw68Ng6GwNKxPKeNsaRi+PWf0zBITOzOj2DbiMXwK3uiN5IxpmS1FH3KU5KJvZswwMg+hjwq6mCNUrYb1dmDhOaGfwEb3g43mDE6/8d7Xa0YrxdZON8x63lQU0dbPDFW+Na2a+g/6pHB+AWS6w8q8f3nxMHzFGdIZXUFCvWGKJZcF3fpUNC2KU8MYTdnm4Wf1L2k6gM7k4NyabaXssxZ6xmhvHVULlz7QB1ddveI9kXb68G2mmEJ9Vp7qBmTebNboP7x9JQhv+IuW6S8Y4VY3AKcYf1JT0p17TvjpiXCMlSvHivXDXcXt595q15+8OX7FGXaB7RMADRFBDhP+KosMcRLsHRKG/Llp+sJJua1+KzJs/EXVBO45EUNHH4B2UE7I6InxmM6qUuygmqQJ9hWT8t3POl7+3WBCUhQ3JpRaXhLK2DSB+zwu0KLfZnPSJ1Wfg54TMZt4mcPKWiNUv8ejymYdlDLP09+OxrB3E1GJklMuGq39bMVNT/0i6KQ9ln6ZvGthQz75vTdEuiNSay0qMTF7AuEsvlzOk7/3PiozxVbJqLpFMCvYN2jT9e5gxCn2mu+YjJq2UEqdaSp7igFV0yT90s7x5RTvWdQsjDzbgBahuTQr1Eza1rmc2qZSS+C3q3aNwFe7CDpprRPXTHMmTxiy8fVWN5TXnjaKTw2g2p4Ui7E2Q+KhWQSdnP+oS9+qkcKH2eVTSol5q8s5vW3NgtLOkSL12kVQdZQ/qd05Jm6CMvFiuugxHzhg6W2aRTCODWJbqGE+5kf1YcAAapzZvOikS6pm1Zz60pc2YAA1o8hZSX8ixpId4T8IkBP265izrhyHYjrOn5TpoKX47p0JxhmPQ/zA2Zp59gALsupOJeyj+rf+VH4FDWDyJ0Dl9NSkfXZCIwMAdxy+R1TKYbP8n324ZCwBAL8MGdXVgEp+29tTgQOAX9Gnzlcsy6nn+vQ1ZBWfWmkdFeBuI7NZ9RUgau+ckbJjqzi/UzvOgf8ewMuHShehz4dhz1eAX0DSKXdDtuxXT9ojAuzOFoMqql5++nuaAxvL4Xc3iIbM3TYqUz5pgK/9UKg/66HK5+ZJ/23z0Av5dprDdAPPTYJ4ISahmsieNMBmqVT66M4+B9XPZr+//c0i8uJbz4S6Unt20d+TVYTM2rfa62NNYYZB1VBl/NovvYdHnJ9r4La/bNqVTcemlv61Az3uxvrXcLxB/gJErk/78bGP2xmcrfm7AgABIAAEgADQD4DhxY1WOO7GWjhkc8EN4myvuPH/TfQXcJErvwBevIQ1clUZXIUtZWh3wdWgEraRgc3/23+Kq8HQ9lPoXuJl5hdA/b3mum/Wt5ZbzWzuPddf2VxRHTZtXmI8snuTi5LN5xw96i9AvgHUy3xsc0GpZ/cSvZLdLevbxbjuu3Zv8haxueBx5eZrHw8gZ/fduBvbIW0bAvxfe2ew4jAIhGGaTeKWkJcQycGDGDUREoIhbZbm/V9oXejVGUp360LHq3+cyaeOwxwUHQI3ItunvfgbgG/afhFgq8oFkWwlPLu1OWnQQgVbkMPo0VBj4P5umM95AHrR32DFWiE1xIveRLq34UJbMPmUG7cr7MPNWXgSzcfUvRzgqpTy5T6nY7yOCm18+kVY6aOiYApKGibDAnLOaCfh9TX7ACv26ucR5RcDrPu+92Zg6Yt9dVQswh0p3xo5RUXhR+jvlpEJeHvpUCOeWnHAYcDy5ZRnC3Nxr7SmY9gFufmXHyWU6xQhzKCFbg9XpE7enpE1Ojm35AHIVo5LkADOOYf74SzlM34vn/SBfT1yhvy7NKbJPkC+NIbyQAJIAAkgASSABJAAEkACSACpEUACSADfDOA3s58fOxTe/94AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Autoscaling

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.margins.html

