# matplotlib.axes.Axes.legend

Axes.legend(*args, **kwargs)[source]

    
Place a legend on the Axes.

Call signatures:

    
    legend()
    legend(handles, labels)
    legend(handles=handles)
    legend(labels)
    
The call signatures correspond to the following different ways to use this
method:

1\. Automatic detection of elements to be shown in the legend

The elements to be added to the legend are automatically determined, when you
do not pass in any extra arguments.

In this case, the labels are taken from the artist. You can specify them
either at artist creation or by calling the `set_label()` method on the
artist:

    
    ax.plot([1, 2, 3], label='Inline label')
    ax.legend()
    
or:

    
    line, = ax.plot([1, 2, 3])
    line.set_label('Label via method')
    ax.legend()
    
Specific lines can be excluded from the automatic legend element selection by
defining a label starting with an underscore. This is default for all artists,
so calling `Axes.legend` without any arguments and without setting the labels
manually will result in no legend being drawn.

2\. Explicitly listing the artists and labels in the legend

For full control of which artists have a legend entry, it is possible to pass
an iterable of legend artists followed by an iterable of legend labels
respectively:

    
    ax.legend([line1, line2, line3], ['label1', 'label2', 'label3'])
    
3\. Explicitly listing the artists in the legend

This is similar to 2, but the labels are taken from the artists' label
properties. Example:

    
    line1, = ax.plot([1, 2, 3], label='label1')
    line2, = ax.plot([1, 2, 3], label='label2')
    ax.legend(handles=[line1, line2])
    
4\. Labeling existing plot elements

Discouraged

This call signature is discouraged, because the relation between plot elements
and labels is only implicit by their order and can easily be mixed up.

To make a legend for all artists on an Axes, call this function with an
iterable of strings, one for each legend item. For example:

    
    ax.plot([1, 2, 3])
    ax.plot([5, 6, 7])
    ax.legend(['First line', 'Second line'])
    
Parameters

    
handlessequence of `Artist`, optional

    
A list of Artists (lines, patches) to be added to the legend. Use this
together with labels, if you need full control on what is shown in the legend
and the automatic mechanism described above is not sufficient.

The length of handles and labels should be the same in this case. If they are
not, they are truncated to the smaller length.

labelslist of str, optional

    
A list of labels to show next to the artists. Use this together with handles,
if you need full control on what is shown in the legend and the automatic
mechanism described above is not sufficient.

Returns

    
`Legend`

Other Parameters

    
locstr or pair of floats, default: `rcParams["legend.loc"]` (default:
`'best'`) ('best' for axes, 'upper right' for figures)

    
The location of the legend.

The strings `'upper left', 'upper right', 'lower left', 'lower right'` place
the legend at the corresponding corner of the axes/figure.

The strings `'upper center', 'lower center', 'center left', 'center right'`
place the legend at the center of the corresponding edge of the axes/figure.

The string `'center'` places the legend at the center of the axes/figure.

The string `'best'` places the legend at the location, among the nine
locations defined so far, with the minimum overlap with other drawn artists.
This option can be quite slow for plots with large amounts of data; your
plotting speed may benefit from providing a specific location.

The location can also be a 2-tuple giving the coordinates of the lower-left
corner of the legend in axes coordinates (in which case bbox_to_anchor will be
ignored).

For back-compatibility, `'center right'` (but no other location) can also be
spelled `'right'`, and each "string" locations can also be given as a numeric
value:

Location String | Location Code  
---|---  
'best' | 0  
'upper right' | 1  
'upper left' | 2  
'lower left' | 3  
'lower right' | 4  
'right' | 5  
'center left' | 6  
'center right' | 7  
'lower center' | 8  
'upper center' | 9  
'center' | 10  
bbox_to_anchor`BboxBase`, 2-tuple, or 4-tuple of floats

    
Box that is used to position the legend in conjunction with loc. Defaults to
`axes.bbox` (if called as a method to `Axes.legend`) or `figure.bbox` (if
`Figure.legend`). This argument allows arbitrary placement of the legend.

Bbox coordinates are interpreted in the coordinate system given by
bbox_transform, with the default transform Axes or Figure coordinates,
depending on which `legend` is called.

If a 4-tuple or `BboxBase` is given, then it specifies the bbox `(x, y, width,
height)` that the legend is placed in. To put the legend in the best location
in the bottom right quadrant of the axes (or figure):

    
    loc='best', bbox_to_anchor=(0.5, 0., 0.5, 0.5)
    
A 2-tuple `(x, y)` places the corner of the legend specified by loc at x, y.
For example, to put the legend's upper right-hand corner in the center of the
axes (or figure) the following keywords can be used:

    
    loc='upper right', bbox_to_anchor=(0.5, 0.5)
    
ncolint, default: 1

    
The number of columns that the legend has.

propNone or `matplotlib.font_manager.FontProperties` or dict

    
The font properties of the legend. If None (default), the current
`matplotlib.rcParams` will be used.

fontsizeint or {'xx-small', 'x-small', 'small', 'medium', 'large', 'x-large',
'xx-large'}

    
The font size of the legend. If the value is numeric the size will be the
absolute font size in points. String values are relative to the current
default font size. This argument is only used if prop is not specified.

labelcolorstr or list, default: `rcParams["legend.labelcolor"]` (default:
`'None'`)

    
The color of the text in the legend. Either a valid color string (for example,
'red'), or a list of color strings. The labelcolor can also be made to match
the color of the line or marker using 'linecolor', 'markerfacecolor' (or
'mfc'), or 'markeredgecolor' (or 'mec').

Labelcolor can be set globally using `rcParams["legend.labelcolor"]` (default:
`'None'`). If None, use `rcParams["text.color"]` (default: `'black'`).

numpointsint, default: `rcParams["legend.numpoints"]` (default: `1`)

    
The number of marker points in the legend when creating a legend entry for a
`Line2D` (line).

scatterpointsint, default: `rcParams["legend.scatterpoints"]` (default: `1`)

    
The number of marker points in the legend when creating a legend entry for a
`PathCollection` (scatter plot).

scatteryoffsetsiterable of floats, default: `[0.375, 0.5, 0.3125]`

    
The vertical offset (relative to the font size) for the markers created for a
scatter plot legend entry. 0.0 is at the base the legend text, and 1.0 is at
the top. To draw all markers at the same height, set to `[0.5]`.

markerscalefloat, default: `rcParams["legend.markerscale"]` (default: `1.0`)

    
The relative size of legend markers compared with the originally drawn ones.

markerfirstbool, default: True

    
If True, legend marker is placed to the left of the legend label. If False,
legend marker is placed to the right of the legend label.

frameonbool, default: `rcParams["legend.frameon"]` (default: `True`)

    
Whether the legend should be drawn on a patch (frame).

fancyboxbool, default: `rcParams["legend.fancybox"]` (default: `True`)

    
Whether round edges should be enabled around the `FancyBboxPatch` which makes
up the legend's background.

shadowbool, default: `rcParams["legend.shadow"]` (default: `False`)

    
Whether to draw a shadow behind the legend.

framealphafloat, default: `rcParams["legend.framealpha"]` (default: `0.8`)

    
The alpha transparency of the legend's background. If shadow is activated and
framealpha is `None`, the default value is ignored.

facecolor"inherit" or color, default: `rcParams["legend.facecolor"]` (default:
`'inherit'`)

    
The legend's background color. If `"inherit"`, use
`rcParams["axes.facecolor"]` (default: `'white'`).

edgecolor"inherit" or color, default: `rcParams["legend.edgecolor"]` (default:
`'0.8'`)

    
The legend's background patch edge color. If `"inherit"`, use take
`rcParams["axes.edgecolor"]` (default: `'black'`).

mode{"expand", None}

    
If mode is set to `"expand"` the legend will be horizontally expanded to fill
the axes area (or bbox_to_anchor if defines the legend's size).

bbox_transformNone or `matplotlib.transforms.Transform`

    
The transform for the bounding box (bbox_to_anchor). For a value of `None`
(default) the Axes' `transAxes` transform will be used.

titlestr or None

    
The legend's title. Default is no title (`None`).

title_fontpropertiesNone or `matplotlib.font_manager.FontProperties` or dict

    
The font properties of the legend's title. If None (default), the
title_fontsize argument will be used if present; if title_fontsize is also
None, the current `rcParams["legend.title_fontsize"]` (default: `None`) will
be used.

title_fontsizeint or {'xx-small', 'x-small', 'small', 'medium', 'large',
'x-large', 'xx-large'}, default: `rcParams["legend.title_fontsize"]` (default:
`None`)

    
The font size of the legend's title. Note: This cannot be combined with
title_fontproperties. If you want to set the fontsize alongside other font
properties, use the size parameter in title_fontproperties.

borderpadfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.borderpad"]` (default: `0.4`)

    
The fractional whitespace inside the legend border, in font-size units.

labelspacingfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.labelspacing"]` (default: `0.5`)

    
The vertical space between the legend entries, in font-size units.

handlelengthfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.handlelength"]` (default: `2.0`)

    
The length of the legend handles, in font-size units.

handleheightfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.handleheight"]` (default: `0.7`)

    
The height of the legend handles, in font-size units.

handletextpadfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.handletextpad"]` (default:
`0.8`)

    
The pad between the legend handle and text, in font-size units.

borderaxespadfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.borderaxespad"]` (default:
`0.5`)

    
The pad between the axes and legend border, in font-size units.

columnspacingfloat, default: `rcParams["legend.columnspacing"]` (default:
`2.0`)

    
The spacing between columns, in font-size units.

handler_mapdict or None

    
The custom dictionary mapping instances or types to a legend handler. This
handler_map updates the default handler map found at
`matplotlib.legend.Legend.get_legend_handler_map`.

See also

`Figure.legend`

#### Notes

Some artists are not supported by this function. See Legend guide for details.

#### Examples

(Source code, png, pdf)

![../../_images/legend_00_00.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.legend`

![Bar Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar Label Demo

![Stacked bar
chart](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stacked bar chart

![Grouped bar chart with
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Grouped bar chart with labels

![Plotting categorical
variables](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAA6lBMVEVHcEzt7e2xsbGmpqbExMTJycnf39////8fd7QVcrH5+fmenp7n5+eqqqqMudnz8/P9/f6wz+WhoaEcdbPQ4/B0q9FqpM2ampoZdLITbqyVlZXI3u35+/vk5OTh7fWQkJHv9vprf43x8fG/v7+2tragoKCLi4vX19bZ2dnc3Nx6enopfbe6urqHh4eCgoLq6urT09P39/dSl8XPz89qamqZwd2urq6kpKR+fn6DtNVzc3OoyuJjoMuoqKhoo8xencmnp6ehxuC/2Om41OepqalZWVmuzuRHj8BYeI9VaXd+i5SszeNFWWf39PLhUEB7AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACfNJREFUeNrsnX17msgahxcKzAYwTq1m6kScLCBvBZRgxJia92yv3Z7z/b/OwZhGUIwYsN1z7XP/o9cEx/F2Xn4ZVH77DQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAoDQIqMQ/WCDGP+7kblJ6IDBHdEvj9Ea288Wu8HKHNpHGiDpQ0/saJ7uIj0BgFuvWFt3WyHkyuA8iMh4FzE+wwIuunhjc3MdTHQmW4TFVVLhgNn8SRdVM1GjOuyBwgTxOB6fUGI/GmqeMzak55imdjHnzg8XbnDmOAx2JY0uhhmcGhAgzNTTSQ1rJNAGBz3PbWEeYkKc4QE/JbZKgkI0cFkSC4iFksrGfChSmLmKJgryWoDEUGCSyQs74AAKfMafEtMiTOxMIfZQ8NhY9TwiaQuM29G+tsWGlApV0pI+8oGV4o5loGURnfjieg8BlF9RGzchWseoi28UxCZAkoSGOdGRr2NYiDqOIQ4jD3AhjW9c0rpneb/qeAQILbPJMK3XgkCYyCIQgDQJBwc8RiEdiTaj5mayuamOca25cV73DmgQ2A6Ee+Fau3kajpnoDLlstV1dzG41qAiNNRsPmQmBdqZ/Lt4jXaqr3MS/wsaZqNb6aQDshjsX09P+tVk0tUvMCTal6lWedmzb6kBOo39bUXKmiQMTRR2cSI82k73xxp1n6awJlMahB4HG3e45uudzLVuqwd3VWWaAWSr5JXDQUyPva8L37eUX3eE0gtlkNAi+63Zu8QNWoQ2D/a6+yQJH5zcRMF7jonUP449HvK46ODzKEo+NO/xBD+OqihiH8ugofSCAv1TJV4TWBXA0bNfik/+8RiA4gsN1BILDS2vQRBFYKR1/PQGAVHi4RCKxC5xQEVgqB1z0QWIW7CwQCq4ZAEFgxBILAiiEQBFYMgSCwYggEgRVDIAisGALrEKjqWNN+hcB+/xcKfAmBNQjECnHHxi8QeP/ly9VBBOI9QmAtPVDhBlRHNmVFvaST4eRuf4FRY7blrNxJ9+j8/QJjRra9oedn5UNgHQJHls5ZLsLcoOiJjjJ0v76jB/YmW3rgx98/X7xfIFaTLWPz5OKyfAisQyDPxMTAW4Zw+1PWzkmtc2D7FNc+hPFxp4ev26VD4MFX4UMKPMAq3Otcpm/Kfad0CASB+Y51spwUOvdlQyAIzK14X78vx/HidG+5EAgCs229uX+dCa9KhkAQmMmVN69rBz67OSsXAkHgqhk3WSt3x+VCIAj8wcV1ts/h3td+qRAIAlfxby2odEqFQBCYiX9r/ymelgmBIDAb//Itv8YlQiAIzMS/NS4/lgiBIDAb/9ZEbYkyd2vd9d8uMBP/1ri42B0CQeD3m6155azwT+315bmyQPz/LPDi5I1/Of683BkCaxCISUNnJNryGelaBPYuLs4OInAz/uU3two2BtdCYB09UFIMoxEjfUTSpzzLgmsQiDWiHXe7l3UL5OJWGv+O396SPT3BO0JgHQK1pUBpTtOl/0uW0xoEysZU63SLTwZUEegkBPV2bfuhzsOOEFiHwGQ2ooshvPimUudoJezT0WktQ9iU2ufn7dqHcJmvOWxuDPY343X1RQSvFpFOVsbn07oWEYzRQebA3RzfvR0C644xBxL4czZUizrH2sbgRggEgbvIbwy2C/ZoQOCb5DcGLx9A4J4Cc+c4N0MgCNw9DWaCy0NRHAWBO2ivtq86pyBwf4Ho8s8tO4EgsByvG4N3hftbIHAnLxuD+LoPAt8l8GwZZdrFJ+pA4G4+Xm4LgSCwXJRZbAwWhkAQWI7FxuDDlj1JEFiGzgPqtA8nsBf9cwTi3iEE9q/bJ/hgAiVv8bsx8oEE7ve7Mf3zb/e1bahmo8y3bR8ZrEGgFiYRchNWSuD9VYbv0c4tfd/bRyC+7B6d4xICHYXsJfBs6+nPGgRimY1Q0yalBH7rZr748Km/86SSquzVA++Oup0yPVCP9/xe0NZN8RoEqkRpLk9rlhB4/nlV8OlLv+45sHe19RRo/b8bU9sigvdYhQ8s8ECr8IEFIhAIAkEgCASBIBAEgkAQCAJBIAgEgSAQBIJAEPgTBYpkCAIrCGxaooLwkETydfeZo+XNvRyddrMlN3IUfcsWfG5H8lXuMZdyJOW+ySvP7UhOH7fJvqVK9tIzWFOiqFd06JbSrfXak8oCOcpRZJNAGfz9xzP/Wd7QwYAs7/311/PN3wNFyR9ClAFbP4RkLwYnNyzaCoL0gesMrLColBWXTgcDmr1gaUzSOj2liMLSQWgV1RsELSpUFoiJlavkvxvXE3Q2LpC3cUZCsN+YIgrbGBdedc/2i0pds6i0+IoYSuHpDyMuKhXE3WO8xBwo5y8j1du4TFNTXy/ZOERvvjFH6OVLI658afHlpIaFAovb91ar912F851S3fKHqKDRTU3fPc9y7z5iqL7xNRN151dQth0RaVw5F3sJ1CRZkrDmNhl2F1bcoe4OHbnpcMjRFj/U6CTD9FZS1fRPsqS9zEfa0OEkxG2ut9gdpo+NXG3UiJwfnzl4qVR/rhRpL+/VqKFqWJK0IUofIGV+M48IuqSlr9bNvGDOlTUHq47MmtKPtxTb+lAauphzmrKjvh5O06fiHM5F3PMDXqsY/Wi1W6NAbEwVj/ozwhM+DGUUM+oltjVIGDXJzAg9SQqC6cQLKDMo5UPr+cXHoTmlIRMDb2Oui5IpY3QSUnNCw5ff1xMp9eYjq9V6rXQ5+S1qngZkUfMksFY9XbHMaUioH05X4y0OlRkxPWVO0se/HMoTNjPEqW8RZa546eHLcUGtgFjEIz4l5pSsIpYd8iGdMiHw/PoENq1gNhcIdSgJCN9DvNgYN+epRIdYLiXhZCiNp7x/a4gJi+dUaIyeX43XoG7LILPJxkIyYjMvbhHfJMls8qJ3In4YRwn1Wi6xpPSJJksB9jjkzYkZK8xOqJis+gVJyxs2DejquuGYshlzqaUyQq3JywRCNctLdVlkyCzVsii/9M2eJgbTqM2IxKi2uvKW7T1SSRHIjB/VJ1BWKJ0Re0xt0yE+RkOW8E2DtgzNj9lYat1GqtlIRkLs+A69jUfC80iTEsHUjDieDDZ+rFKjNJg2zNnAFgzy0tAh+8A3fZoYmrmodDBfepHM23ksiK7vsEZsG6tJ2G+IoiClDTJXs9kjITNmz1hsSsrkZVg6Fs/jOeVNzhStmUT45eGmT0RzaEqCyez0dtW0tNWqP4r5XR+d2HMRcQ00LMrmuvK/9u5QBUAYCsNocrfaBFkaRpug7/9mPsHK3ETwnLr2txvGd7V9GdxTTEflrSzN90Q5I1fbfGndoptecdIhqd9B/eA5x/cG/C0DPh0QAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACAt9zQfqlr7vvjKgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Plotting categorical variables

![Fill Between and
Alpha](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fill Between and Alpha

![Hat
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hat graph

![Customizing dashed line
styles](data:image/png;base64,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)

Customizing dashed line styles

![Lines with a ticked
patheffect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Lines with a ticked patheffect

![prop_cycle property markevery in
rcParams](data:image/png;base64,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)

prop_cycle property markevery in rcParams

![Scatter plots with a
legend](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEyOxa6/x4v+//681uq/47/n5+f////8/fz/2becsYDr6+u51OjPuqTz8/PD5MOLjIveqHe84Lz2+vaAgID/vYKKuNnd3tx4q2aRum6mpV9yuYfSvqiTx7L/9+//8eX+1rHo8+f31LOIiIiDhIOEo3iTzpO13buup5vX2NX4+/zi4+Pc6vOUr3zm8PfJ5svy8eX+48vH3OxtsKPS4++dzbL+3sH/+/bw9vrcxK2z0eH/6tfu9++/s2aPy4+p1bjh8OGUnVnGx8XJuKKis4KUrVeZtozS6tJro2KIwaWBvKqtv4Nvr1qZzpd/plXw0a2q16qy27K6rp2hqWqfrHW+0t6TwqS6upZstYB5vJHv8PC81LzBtKX+w46hwJ2ayL51tKiTupi1xc3HyJGg06GBvpu7q2Pa7tqItmiBrWqnt4iavHTozLPRy5mqoE/bzp/LxLibva7+yZrlx6u3y9lZqn+Mp3usz9Oxs42Lr3PFnW68y5bZrYNppMu3w4akv3vCzNG90J/Jva39z6XUspCkzMiUlpLO0c2bwt69pVCKpk+9v7u+u3fn0aZxvnCTvdqszeOsr2C81qp2mnO/3LT1uH/39O22y7hxp0mkx+Cms5SOoWiEtNSwpGbpsnlks3LYuZqcnJjlm1Vin0DiomSppJZjq1WIyIrRo3DAwYGTxIF3snS2trKtw6+JtYtcrmeusHqQuM17tGBap0zt2L2cmUOlpaG0w412q9B+wXuAw4f+s3GDtcSprq23sXG7oIN/p4ZYoZpxcXC1vaDEtW15rJVHpV+Ys8RlrpDou4zDvJvczsF2sLp5eXitzJqJnUBLoke/sYXs6t1kqKC4lGqRpYb+qFzF06XtxJm1mELMqH/M297z5tTTk1Lo3s2br7ehwtJcnliwr6R2nE/Gr5TT2bPWtW+svsBQlMN/nmycp4zPp1lJoHZ4nT6onYG52dFon4fTwYXxlECjmGaNr6lPUE5plnJkZWRbnq3b4cWYqqFFl4/xo1p+orSCgoFmmWOUdeyNAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsl3tQU1cexw153ryAXGJAQl5CYh5CiHkRQkAQUlqc+AI0mrLgg6fyrICyFYwQt6iFroZpmSqw+KiKHanDrlKcbrTTtUycqeuqM6K7Y5XO2Jm1nd2O/7jO/k7Cw9esOivsH3u/ZMK55/zumZvP+b3unDlTohN6Vc15oQguBEACIAGQAEiIAEgAJAASAAkRAAmABEACICECIAGQAEgAJEQAJAASAAmAhAiABEACIAGQ0H8LkEv7/xB3pgD6Y8MmFDE1epnm+1/VMmwmLB9HvL7l48czBfAxPjl6ySE9KcH/1JLFelVL55Slc/5MAYydwqZ2vupzMZSvakl+DUvyS02CotNok8OXiM5SBywR9FkCqNLo9Ror4zkrsxnNMaT2YinjdQCq3hxqfCqdCQSvmvjUQUsWYzYAkgGgWce2FJBiqGlPIzTrKWxdPB1PoPJ4VLvqSYCMZ2EzxGLRpC/F63TN8YwXcZXa7dJnFpSiZLHoPzwojctgqFQMkApnPCN68JvMYJBNItP0PB60ZDnfKEDaCEo3rBHlcx7IuNlcV0AikQy84qd+ro6NpLErlvOoVJ59GiBDo9NpxInJ0uJia5Ca2IhJsMQACLIGbipi6wMLDNOTzpRARfuonvLAUYlbgiVPXomfg8lSkc1mFAkqMwJmAk0dmidwGALIeAKBSSQC0KrA5sFvOvfNAhT42mBr/5BPja7mTwPUnuFw8rMAYLb8+OV7016oYVOQHmyQy5cuo1JD8UC4odQCiCjNtVjldgBbbLUnpGkBH4ZJjOheM9zDLqKw42EsMgbYBNIRnWxftgE2euqUyIk9fL7LjU1gS4R9xE+sisfO3MYRP3O8jkLR416tViQSmei0CBrupKt8alQKw9q55N4hAKjFWSyVecYA0tt7wQ199LZ2Ov1k2y9KwYQ8VcJ16z755N3q6sKshcysC+kwp4RVZXNRQNWF74IGurqUgnSB0tNVpBSglZMZSfkXurq6BtDizqSkniQQ2jRw2w9FRc0wHg3MKUdH0YJyoPDUqcKBrrWCaSl7Mnq+++5u0mjwCu0xOr2YxMnPr3JyQfFsC0jv1Tq9IDz9l7aR2DbnQ79PnS4Ie+hrHxpqU7b3eiL87WYcx7lc+MJVLHji2JkBSBP4adygcGVFbQanYcmSvI3RpYNR5eUtCTQWb21qruXD03+ry82ty7YtlcMfjyflehJ4Boh0e66l9e3ueZ+FbF/LW3b23FK5bceeA6BhRyJsqLfU1dUVWSw62HvM4ZCNyRwy+Izh9dGHDh06e1TBY3GnJDvQc/H8+fN7zgSuxmRIXjR0etozbhyElSqWlms2azosgDBXqtV6wQW9ah+OfOAha2TIow67o/b3DkUoT7b5fT4fbp7KgU4aV/0GPZD1+KFgxBkxEcJP5ECHTCjMZzLz1pwYzImKKt++gWoPVcRYKB3fDN1Jp1jyjpcftx09Z0gga34wUBUxMQpe/dw//9S9Zcv5Fmro0n1H5XJ5VOY4n88flqB4pVUJhTvbKWwNXWW1X998z4ghyYze6tWHPv9831leaLAFNSUnipNdw00poIuJgSlRwDAwOsNpCj84DkvXpVKn2azvQC5Ylwb8wAO1ap/goQcAqoeGtN7YISUAjK3qDYvo9Si9+EyFMG1kROlROZ8tIozbN9y1HE4DM2/jucESAHh5KU/xoKCeXV+/YsGCda3VUSWDJaWro0kPVLpqkgIKsiKm4PQff+peueqdkP2htn02udw2+EHnQSAoESMIwowMzjpObry+3qCgUvevdyCAe2VjA9FHvjiSY0tt1aE8ZTJKJJIa/nDTjykpm8aNoslaVGGP12kYxtoV27b19QPAb9OkUqk5EMIdN8EBIQ1qpdaw2Nj5PnWE3y/tTe/1+T0nT3p8vgVKv//kzAF8cRsjNlZc4rtqhRkDBRtsUZmZmSnblxta2d/8tTovL3/F/a22yztKc468FUmqZ2uQB/IUCgOpoH5RXFwcs3J9S+gy5IC2s5md4IKuRKiTiY71Zas+bTh2w2OJIRkAYMhmVF9qXLLmU0e+yCm5XGBh66DYJKOy4+Lzdw2P/9g3DIUYCk28XndTAz0Vm+XIuP+PxVt+syklJT9Na7VaGRpLMILhgwjiOBn2IKsYOOC1qujQxYjEyDe9XijSKnzWAJrgyB2u4WGXW1vM+2hHVOa8lEq1pXnngsMLmYVZSxpLbeXljaWRv/3LbvBI+4AiNaswe1F2K6UaADZgkjNp+mVy+VGb7Xjn+AFXIjy7yLE+5LPOD5idl4RdJFIMDwCul2FucE+37G5j446Qe2x2c64KAYT2xe3i99QMX7s27EbVVxNom/Q6NkW94n5c97wtWzovXmwBXlYvmSHVaKy4dQJgIBOaACHiBwTJqBcUoej2Ilc2zZ4HiiVYRQUAdGPYPd72srJdx45d0uf27Lp7+O8ru786deKcPKp0IXNhXNsfvgR3GrAVMhtXv7e6lZKbX9ZQi2FGHfvB5axTeTHZy1ruBaLwyvs73tmzKZOZOV57gYQ8kNoSsjcJ8pkLk7jdMuB0cyenFlAngve5MDGWVHPt2qNHcIKJKgp0R+yO3R1szc3DW+O2rpy3pXP85+tXAry84IZWKXyCALViIChikEVBgIHWy4SmRDjEL2PWAJIhkCpuIPfAsMqPypgNkLqbOOH94duuXr26uPvraJv8eGQjk7n1X7/+VYyC2iWPLly9+r0/FVDYVRxOBYZdoaQLM/Ib8ttJMamh8NQq+/KSyMjuTgD4M1ZlSEUd+P4WISc8vKkHgNUYjclko8OBSZLFEvA+l8REVxqH+/r6+g/wsXjEb/fcubsplI//GRe3lbkqq+z3729GAEViMcQtQhUEeCUIEN4/tGlpMBXsXVGXjSPMUIVn0wMvofS/t9JxfUlZRk8T/Na+vlvbbm27uvj7tw7tG4wqLWVm5X34pYFH5XWlbiStWbNoUQGbklsllAENdZKQIxQKvy3MNiTAQxfzDCciIyMXz2vovIGJ7cuh+6FSHzRX7drVsPLiAb4LqrQJm5Qbji2ZLhAfBH7h4Xw3as8/ngsA4d/pr79amJUH70Yt17XigLRjYwGCQYC3xSKTyXvHa/KmXZEG8t5ESQR+YGTFybOYAwFgTWVIyGZlO0fYdKy/v//Ro1v9ff2ffv+7yBM5OYMljcy8Vh16C6N2KUj1raTst+shVVFY8EYAmSyJw8loWJK1MfvfvJn/U9J5HsfngyCC4DcSSES+mCIoCKGCXxCEzkR0yS+56votCE3L8Ky00jXML+igi2OGV7mVrWZt9mX3vLbc3BpXJ/tic8fmrVtd7dqabbcz7d4uedPdNvf60M7cf8AbmGEYfuDz4PV6PZ/P14cDEwmXgzAA4Dshe3v0Eh8BbyyVh6uKI2FtL35IS1MEt7ElySzUqvT2gjSzS+tLSyV82a1A9ASz5dDCdgB4BItN6mIiBQBQqXqUKGZBwYklbW36CZVKhVafWGxdraOpxY5pNS0MCtPKlzn5NG+rL8Xbyk9RDVqjKVZ0yeMRFQ5zqzDbiMEYaZvHR3/ZubMSAJ4aGel+56O/Zq39FAjqdGUvVVVQSsrzQUqDpeMlB9Qyxm1FkvWJJSVggYhERIsThE1gdOmmQqhB4ZfLyTIIdR3lL1Pw0aSkT24cSnua1lxayka1F/6tVoyZQNAfD2xOrJNxUX7Hg9myOFIf8LOjCTLJgEAqio+VRye6S+5RGwBcnHD3q9MprnNdXuqcF7vCp+8sWZemp21vVm3jAfMcV/gqf90a19TUunmbhwDivWgT6ADEtCzLj9ydPXYsLeSbfwHAypA/ffTn02tRE2g0fw2R1x/HQ/6InA8N3eF8O6LBOSQkNj+IiooCfummotQBrh6jIxKLGAyGdhC+4wNyil0voHA2d13596GnTzPyn9WjrTvR1DSAa8KYue2Bge3kEidLf6sZuqAtgRVDot6csllASerMZRf21VSJsCSru+Qk9W1stl7vVHF80Rp8PO24vM5lnZaND0c7p2nqN2/GKcPwwWpMwOtpSsAUZLxhTwHERxezIML3ToQJuqSzERHH/rLz2ecj+xsiMi6euArJTofRs42tTY85sUrk10yNJjdKo+Y7QH4SCOxFzaUQ4sKCEAAyGGO6WkJtC7zNLEK+tbzd5mCxpFiU/G+dh777LuPYJS7av8voTmagCXP7AQgWucRKkRAI9cH1kEF8BGoNmUwet1OndANB/UGqOBLpoS+HI3Y8auMSIA+Ci+GIWQBwtc6ldvFddeFLNOeapeHONzYafGBzA1RPT81PWWkeBIiXsZIT9Ob3EKn0BhCsnLmleTI7u2fPWKROoThrZNcvGmshinEabxo0UVHXz5wkJ0qSoRnZx78g5oHHaSCmzxYyGNWXFsFEN0RIK4bsFnSIw+V3aLNzcP73Gl7QMzIy6Pt6CVwzJjuHF89klm3LC9nfDgAPTiRIknvN5lqjMbaKCykmd/SmnVmg9A9Sxnf1JVk4EEUcYi4K8BH4QBVakM7RgOGATu/LAZ2O8TuP14RHL1lThsMD+MOiFYs6fHU8Ojyc7zmA3qithbn0mYlhMgmFxJ6ZdjXp28yiwslsRXd3pXHxlntXley13rA5N+r6/v0gG7vczbiYl15wgSgklmnh2/S0+yPB9beJC9fs1C4AmFIV23GtYjI1kodrEkag/OjVZkItBhOZWoAg2qwsujD/TPvBErKeoM+5p9u+vaUV11/bUgP/0QoaYnhMJPMa1W7wdcuqc4LLfQwSq6pyum0gS4balrAwlozFcqSgHkeeAg+RXG5bNx9NcS98PQNQbtmNjfNJwMDZwigC7bukmGmugzFebrrQouj+Zqeip+UzM/ReggBrID0ZvX//OpkcehJ1joQdG0yZFRUFG3kIglwgXv/Hqb9/3k5Wo3GCj1fhguKRIhNjLHITDqOrjgB+5z42s41Nm8Y+KDQh505n0ekNe7+32MhcLvGE6QJ924EB//7tLcYdGo0FWw4pBp6fUKkGDieGwxGJRMXFxcDPLcSoswnDQ/T43eEA4uIUOUoPjl90CsVP4CkbA5PesLvLjl3efkBXkzlXqEUKemYCzzyw9XXZbx49q+jeWdlzKZ9I1OwgJHjFGfpAZiIWYE6dDHaX4N5ZaYX2Jf5heXl5Cbl5BAAGLtm7IOzyKTD6mFvoWfTJyJzWHkVI3r7q6o9571nPZ0emfnCCwaBnfVqd8cNolMGWSAgVMrRFhYxUcJoHarmExIObsY2I+5TfvdaIViAKEACJVFVugDAUHX4CNHmgJMMcYo4vyu/t6lXu4+XJZYIca7gr/eorxr5t9FmpdC5T2foMjSGdV6jUJ1HNh48rFHn5eUSIKPpkvHyFWQEyI9ygIe8qdQOsK89UbvRxb6jrIMSMnPrvmSfgRPpiaJwgHM9Ep58+nbW1FdOjmFF80YLpZzZiOxiQboTnGHTh9m30hajRX8/XGt8tQxDQ7jFwSjngbnYYIJE0xiNMLXR6xYpvigjlh9agL+ADIYaKA4BySMPuPIeX+fmhO2uRn4/gLUKKJwHufn3jp//8uAdNaFJphT3m0fEzADD8+RD1Zm7z4WeKyjwiVOAGzR0Z3mswPlPaAJq7N3QRALIJkuK4GPS3oiHMQm4P7O7+8EEutF2fgJ+Cw/GuwtTbty0bhsPPh2cUZ/uZkGA6TEUFQa1lzHQdBoJP7gvtIG4TjETEdOLEJKjGltu7JBuzmR2b5TFJjUy0CAf9IJ0BvbjYjd6+aAsDP5W3VS7wkTk6HYDQy73DFwj80P2CQCAXoC/PAQw7uhDx6tWPe+DMSSuu2UkPH0AM/iXg+RWq/WBzIADMhySXflS9HtpdHaRkbgHXV7MLvLfk/7fhwPEBwbr2f1Z+2E62HelbL+BTNm3NTq2mC1ta7xlr9YS2xZ9rcR1JWGyHe0UDCbnXXKsJfTc9fhBcDsJkFl28OJmKbKkBF3NvKy8Ip+IkdWhNWkQ7SPGC1hTFKpXKASckXyfkYY7aNWWZ4jtWL4+L/bwo42patM3mXFLLaJctcvW42pMAJRteAMBXewrn5iruDlGH7H1PrkMHP38+dGS3+vv7IX+AAoRM1UECgIJBJpMJF6nDtN3So8tTeYzo9zpGb+D17db8bbSErMaS1vvw/bMnr46lHsC0Bn3NfRt9JSLoTBQgwgOAsawEwq7QsnjeICo25Y1acOIM5EsYr3vL/HEDOdnx6cJCRpGp8LwA70XxU/GUypwcfzAwYGp8RRbXykrnKs3VOW17zR/unA+fcqnnO1dt88OrNtfw6tu7dR4B6JVQc3Th0KGf5opQxaNSrxwhDd397bf3379iCCUfnFrIX7s2D0ZgejmTl4IXrbgne07/smN5ItnHje3h/3i1+qCk8zQ+IKigiECGKJjSiyIaCviaSSGhaL4rapGF7+J7rkm2K4YmJZrGuDZylemuO2lo7l72Ymmr1NTmlhOt17t7ZzXettt2TXXdeTt793yp3T/u/u18HGYYh2Hm9+F5ns/n8zyPl3V4abPWjx/uKGam9M+nOzr6rdCviTx/8GASHpKN/H52sCIUkpSplcfuUGbvMRSiTXIXnko9DLUOtb2PJZIP6yshAVVK75slRSeHibtcM7Pyxw6jaalHYSfV2zu504J8MYiVB1NrV656I37rNe4cETHlIF555oztG+dlPm+cb+inupxNdkuYgblGif/qK6wXfh1g5NvbwzHXaq7d/laww0xikhQskUED7kyllgZReTQ+ApCFYRkSA1H12jwYOrydRSV7QQuyQbIZh2sQL3zZgeMEtxlLDkJEJpO9g15Mo5m+Z6D92o8UYJzNV76GlloWaLOWz/cj78GaO8GXiF54B2X7P0uJaiIxs+U3GUWbNw+DvEzC83h0XztobpZOPBUARPqlCwpa+Hb8jQmsR++USc9xbl62rLc3YMpHMT01b6K/dVi5lAB6sDMkRFUymWbjh+sIF+JkwCY1NZkCwS5108fH2p7i29htzLCMOHhML1zOglKpxMgrCJ7BNnY0XhzR/6SciicL+Tj+2tDacBwaA3TwuwiENnPcVwfH1sTHi6pMWm3TXULwuhAhTt/f258S5aNWqa6zCVwo+lp1PdaMpeLzkvFBylv3L/n4RGkbzGmHWlr++MXJzMy8aLQLc0Jc28UDVvcu9ECqxQn42NRv6p3nmBbHaWIOvXfKWScO4PT6WOZ6fbj6ADFn6UoYEJy+c4dciOoQkVc0wNfTc+pUfuyuV49++ROSy2iA0oY14HmhOD3zulpt1rMTq0udbKL31qt2uw5CCwNuCK8NytoOzhfIRLjOk8A2MzZ/dR5ciFyaAfKGsnMF6KVw87Pe/qjq41CmYQRPHUh1JbGkRN26NzkJiCStgFJ3qd9Hobh/1G30+WcJ7u5jkTxoDZyALoAthFbI423wQBulLgDQmong8azTP/GyGzovL0vAO1GItKFHl/3SAYi88O8HUja8zJpTMTE9PVkY5Y99v1wAskWDZECQRy6M0ClIKJhMEjCFEL8Xi41jDN48SzRWbZcJJmtuX+xGRwnCQE9ChRGK8IvNDI0kNbUOzZsJEQ/2YZT+u1LYhEQmM4wNADqyMHLJxCH15Zf/xJNFcrejFEpdc/PPr165ubXMtDAGIyPjyeuCmUyHri50jGBn72vfZR1tOYVuQV4E+MQaXgBkgK3F8n7QH4KwfTdhXSoAuYW8Ql87X+sdlndWZqarKzgFzBCFQvnUxQWtg1xA8UVTDYZcABDAI4kbGhxxtaJOEHgaRlycP1RyzSSE4OKX3R240EBCItYch0aJRRPl5ffu9fX1HXtJFWW5y5TEDAKhcRtygQQ6Mhuq9etvfVNdKTIAgAWUzx+BgHq1sbx8dGbmkCY+z/tOIqGJ5OAVYAUQEKRB/gUgUWg1c0DICD6Q1Rvg5WDdKEFvtla8FcAtSwTgVujPPCGfD5LE5oXM3T0z8xoGEy5+D+DOnS4uhHXR1D3YgVZzGGRPNakSTTy7WfhOg2FPfQWWSNztWvOvScHk5N+/fn2Eb+dByJUYVXGDRUWMgnsQj/r6DrTiqWOQ1/n402Fhn7o0trUF2j/AsORn169XR5Eqh0b2YiTgY07U1X23cePo6Ojz55sGwNjtYRNejujodLrF1sHBwdaWy+XS4Y9Lp89BoPOT6Gh0h8LhoH9yuRaLBT5msXC5DihsfZcEQPpWbxYr9s/Qv0JD1j1VyvLz82Mx+3ANTRSKC9LLpd8cn/MiQ7oNXM5oY7MJpVGm7vDu5cu/DQL6xJaxsRJiseupn24Lak493vgHWW2ovU7ibyRK8wcZjIIDCMG+R+V7yEkA4MHIJNQDXtZrSjQVc1ToAZfXp0BGp+t56TnH4Rc7ceLVzKgVwJYJALCMwB4omFBJ/SVzXafZpaWlhmQqvjbdMfwj7d2djU+p5KT4eKlqZCRNksOnzYW1nX6IjmIeBpdynJxoTmiz9EEB5NoipqBv+e+J9FawTIKLteGOdCAMrFTOCgpiAaNWfnzMZVtjIJf0cdPxw9RkVX3r+ow2qL1qn6vnzh0BybNdRMaXsdm59ZJi155rsVk9MY83phExQh4r66RSzsofG9QMoBSsoxS4BSUjYXg+T57BZGb4A7QMRu6duHrsQEEKqTI9fH83rmMB7T7vNv+AAJx53DLSiSfPlamKDk3sdnVNaN22rbG0tOJsXl4h2h7vb2+gh9DIhpuRg0RiqluqurKhMz4yvjMCHlAopDnY/n7P8gEB1E9Ncex8Vzb/z22MCJqRQCADgYstS/SsuOnNi+ZDPqZPA/8GPmQCiVKeiETKkdZWNQIwbPzcJ3/9BO1++BG0YOuGQ1N0XoZxj4n5YReRqAwKwsjclfks2VhkXnZa+b1yIAd/TPyaNZEMDVYlIZEkxVYA41o1mtyyCoUYF96OFknpzEZPAnP1v//yHJJwJlWF50VsUBKLz0uLExJmDn1+weUuE4vtxBfaC3HdyztwuNAV7LaK3BFimpvbCKnJLWHTJkZkMg1NcYX/HwBvcMXOdrQbpht0dGD665bfLoq5nO1QwjtiBTXFEk3J9YyzhqfrQkL9/EJtkDs/TYJSpjQNiWREiSoDtf8w0+KVyX+Aa3YUWtei7DJg47wgWWZMzGo03I+HhJYpM4eJ/oNyjFya9h3lvo9AkDUWyWDUY+MkTdph9JbB0MTVl4HL0zbg9h9ph4x3FCcS2KrVf/vps+fPR8tPRFns7R7I5PnuJcUJLaMHfrxw4VjT5QFDHtXeJlSsFcMPzCQxq9m5aaluExnqo6MtmwDBseTo2vZ2Rwfubw/3IQGc2sJZZee7qnkKADzz6xsd532IdbqchaqhqtdK6TPp7KzRaM5ghk1zrL2ZM81UKFJSUhT6hSqjcd5UCaFVGGdnF6sWcnLQV6ALQG2lTrd1KNv4LrLHq6qqFoelxnmFaQFifPz7q9+/BgUO32w2zmv1Vcpso9QoNZu16BxQ35BzdeHdJaKpUmFcfP16dnb250uXFNrK6UqjcdFoNvoTR0Zu3br/5MktdXb2kI4zrf0P7+Ya1OSZxfFJAgSyZjGhwUAIxEyBFAmUu4nEcAt3wp0N0wARSiBB7goGNEBQlIDDNRZUkBpQBAURxd0VKY6CSBnFG0WEAgKtN3ar47hWOtM9T/iws9uvK+/XzCTP+8t5zvn/z3MesDTz1589E4tVuvUdfxkTQ/DzI7B7EuE95n8+/J+X+z/OB24+/+3AFwb/MvjM578iEOlAO0dbY34QTRRIpYYq/AgKvzt5s5CC4VOnTDkB9a843MIL4+LrdL4tNmVcQVWExBU6u7q6Ohii8xRLPN7TBDKSUk444R0dPUSALSxiE0LGc0BX6x2ZkEgGF5LiFSHYEEL0zPRl1BLsMssIi/ieAyF0GLcdNSJqN+k118TmYiQuLiMx0VntBy2I+zWMfDnh/nhItEBQJ62slLa2VttEkNNwTkwOqahg2LqAME7Mt7gARUx97woEYNNqU4aiWzS28NTgU0TgnzZX/Pm6SdXnA3b/U4W3eeK3gqN3i6d1U2XdNFlgIHv5uK1xAGRk/ApWqaCy/ZQqUC4Lg++C6YlKZUk62oy/uiLfoZuExlk5gVXbSq4vzhCqW6RSqYLWMzbMJuwrBXPHpbs8lATl7jlEuDgUA3aDpOIG0XbahNnsjD8U61MaexhctM6G19Yc0UuKi4sLxuyKaTlIhNTRWs7Zd9Fcwa7m8QR15gDwWsKKvrEn3sqoXNPS8EuDtTVhXwxbJDM3v3KlUiBQr65eSqdSu2n0PZ8kB6I3/aOMsQv46it9x62OYTbIkKYGpdJ6A2VsfwydTNb3xJuAeskwy8BivwGTazrxLji1O90M9F2GckjcV4tOLe3t8IbuDCNGXp6Voy25S+jd2f7qlbnonSRol38uMiZJwZIgf9TSnpFKW4ogn/roFbpF2kbanA1KQl9Q6mBfeht1gmpMa2NvEvywxRH84r+AXkdFWR5jniWkltzimddBBN6hJBzb6uzsav/AyaJhbe19wwtvb28ZlZo+xMvKktapV9VmMgQwKHnbJwL4Rx1oGED+BoS0sfHdsLAAvP2mQ5jgsRH/HlocxtZYP8BjtrEMSqyZsixNb1PzScm7VFEvGmJNyRz3PT8QpcpZMD2i58oEs4cM37HZy9mvTr/97bdXlexcOh2TGpxUqMeFEo96sDGdpFZSUdF3+4lPtzt4grGNxIDYhAC9vUfVUTFwGx0ExKrGASC2mPwDh4gAat74AUA11ezcUJZU+hOplWKEs681NeVya2turK2t/b4EwpMqpMqUWF5lJS9LnaHccIBbyfoQgfrkq2DLfsUbOtMxwS5Bu2TCmDh+ZBm2nJFZXZLeRO0xxjs4A8Dc+FM6gEfzwfMXdc68bLgxUVu1X0PRtIJpQU2rqbdvT1dWVsYkgpSJx7jC3hFRAAAgAElEQVTRC5PpfD5hHeD0fgB4vlTXg7V0unzzZxSgNbev+0Z1dLAWmrn2h4nEcXQ6uPLAKN+C2KahvIGkGdOjMAvxv99GDM+fdrfE29dMSGCNEx8A4Pv3DQ3WQuFSIPsq9o5mOrOkRKkAI09L+mRb+I8AA9YBlimx2BSmBz4tzA0zUsBWC9Whp04JzTXlCVKBQMEO4nviDR24SbkQgd2g4CyIqpnORy3eS7+/H5P4m5NaIQDapxIYRkYA8AlsNsKz4+xUDOZuyVB2cWOjHAEkacqJy99d5+r4WTE5xChWMuSFk/MDLF8WK8pHz9nQPTycCdruqBPOicFkMhLyUuTsghF6/dWy5Bxw4SoLd/dZ5wmXYKg0Nz4AwfefVVhbC1cBIKE6gfGl4910quxF4NhE89ONA5i2DrA4BdbOsDIh23wdVwCL0mr7e3u16p/Kp3nSOhDHfDS7Zs/NxQTF7zzbtfJjrIp0S72k1U4u9u7tiZbyoHBIp8D3GVGmACDvnPxZjv/ImChdIHiTUkYuVsrlWLDVvlHi2O26XMyEHOfLGqgFCTg/EAUsWaW1rg7r4+hGTCc8bsflcHer2ZsE/7jgXSEpKfIqothXLOZwiIUuLhIA+PDG8+cfPt/87csT3vdWhdHR7VMaMIu9i4vDEsnJ2m0GG72FizN1TXc747CzPeCcqJOT/WfOaNUtzOxz53gX5Xx9KCiWOwyS+XzbiMg0nKHzcqdAINRO9i/2jp4RmgtARKAp83KjBIqGdw52oTh57PVeGlUtqE5JIdej8C7Py/c9HqfviC7yWOajto6YtaDXfCS56iB4neU9oHh88tEqdlvswJsEQF72cuVCBXIZLshMUeZsycmpqoryJV4YBvnS4xL8cMJ0sKKioqio5cmTR53t7VN37tL2vn69d+8vNw6YbuAWNnQkI4D14ev3jAIiwsxCQ9PTQ/u12iahkBAOPg1bj07RvnRPoOR9j/P01B2BuKpaEEBt/+QooFYL7t1TC1pR4zCPopmRy69mq+JEvSJatzAai73sFbBylAk654s4dJ5EDjD02IGGCqFO7HFw0Eu+MNTZObOcA1Wqj4WmXplHHf/pFgk/aZucI/44InncIc7OdscbgIJfJrXti/Y+Yc3uSXUZNDWd/8ejudOn5+ZQvywv89Lo6Gt4Pjw/cKBv4wDCf62TMVbu8IZ4TygnYZcupStCtVpt4FKTLPsoFEU0WtlYPnWNQuGgvibquTkcvoUANi1OLvafaRLWgYpFY/p5RoxW0kHfcd/xRBoAFO0VybHFXmjPehjitx8KpvPRd/1oxGiD8IsiqpxxeNdctrV1R4fYN/mIqWnfR9Zu5g/1u3pE8UCwXk5kvSwY+dgxA+XXwz3fQgWu8r55Vlb00BB7ZNC0hkvsnJurbOkktb+99kbZPYqe12sfDhwY3LJxAPG4LVu80B1KQzuvANB+xvVmZjJ2IABc1GozsJkp2HrEL5syNTWlabNEU23oUiFutk6gbpKF9opCm5rUddI6Hq86Abbw7raDqGedmPh32qmxseFh/wiy1/ohLc6BzieTI1GTimE0DRlQbFFqD1Xso3VDw0tWFGsedXj+2rfFWP8uQdFN26nfiJX7PoYyO/K4k5TAAK25m4Pmj7PgqeSF+DeDDPWZAfUC6nLu7dxQfWrv6OgkAASCfU83ECB+m4EjmUxOg4JMDvsaQrArnap4oUXPUkkxdqURqJJXyinoMgLHQ3e7g8k8hsc/wJZkdP3trE1XhgAAQhm+hTrNHJ/Y2NLS2EOJZ2mnHiKz5e/G1XPVITQh60fY/JuYM/9LOs/j+AOUkO/C8gAfFoco+nggZB6riAdlihxp3oCaMx54oTlKrhaaqaHpRigZHrtNijmaZWuHZR6lq/LYDi0fleuY6dTkmJOZs5PZPnw4NT12Px/qb3C/D37gR3jyPl7vi1s3w6NzmUzvbUGLcameVljnwiR5U1MH0DH3SgeAFuQHYgBA1y76LRA57yfUg2d0dLGVyXyXlutX0EIinVuZBQCVF4MsoYg8o/T39zcY257TJAG8eEDw7sePJlPp/OYCNB+hYv5ExGDSw8Hb9LMU9WiTTvBSIO6KbnBwdsgksnMTBwcHnzQ+2Jl/DMc8kIaeAT6P089Ep9+8mV5uEBv8T6hUnfkePnbmnUrwWoqKqpqqZyGuLKCW8V7mcYE72+nmyZMnnYge3nbOb5OSAogOmW+XFmS09yMcTt+1AQBQ6wUAspNS4ukXouvQ+nHBcn396qi0AKfvFskmK5+cg13rWWP35A04k+bzdg8DgEba8+fqWEYAin727C8Q4NDBHZsNsO5ImuNMA4YXn96AYWfE7+VOj4y8lyNIAwYWxJl1FxttBm0SPR7kf95HR/ez9ea07ZDuRG6oAfxoNKWQEGlnHg7D4ZwGxMnmaTUyfQYPS2azeAmMvgCHxRfgsDIT1N6MjDHFHfVCkcxoHJbeq9XWNjef8nwbDT5BAC89nE3U2wzeFghYd7gLfrgciYw2Odfye9vz4u9HpLaEG1isr5t7tNPfgemfMM5N74tHkXkZdDp9apWl/ufxLZsKcBsR1Guhen0aj3FZlF1HdOdrh/o4HSNyRNSQibXaFbhn5sAxEODs/+oHADaGwvZMLJoJdy6xcNr4W/64UtlZAmpXpo+vJfRgPP44qLLx9zj3F1Lh8QfeBQZBK/fdEGA6yCrORDYDhaIf4o6y3rgi8ibKbl5y7dZa7fzBimx0Ocw0RGsrb5vBFqMg2DSkTd3m+Wejcm6kk9TWVgLMlSD8EeQlbCA5PbwGFskJirFDGQxGSDw99mGoqD8yZ3MBfhWYW3a0DK13rObnVU7+vMsZv7X0L98XkzqVaQ4Wu9yBezccwDGZdlh7v1yDQUyhBP+0ruiHwsceaw0vMnyeVVbCtisp39vn+AJHmqBx2e7m5uzs5rJle55tnsbS0u1L4W3erSx0wVoTA1CokH0AYP30YYRCCbseiqQUai71jZRMAt2EIbMBZbvEls73TWNAsDRrT90bIc2NFM91Gxc5ACBhC3YnbqdV4J6HVLGuVxmUrIC7Zdz4cPIRdJoel7O5LvyVPVy8RecWLEykzJGY9l74g9q+4uJi5aunPlbuATxeALlO773Ny+tZnFinawciu+fuLymOONxOlyqg7HbBLVc4PQcWiCuoXJRKpX47UoEru/l67nAUSqVxS55f2kAWN0Qpydeatc4W7ozPAFf/OxoMK5qe6wiy2CrkFJNa3qGPBCQXeoLMc7x1ZHkVVB4DpRNVLzqki7/SZHK1pIgjrdhuhfVgeoCoUG4w0AS0otqN1xsmrmLibebMu6e4/wNAIPfK4ggSoPoLcI5BFXFF3d0ymb//bf1v5h09HtndKwZUDCKxGAJ8fPfu1fg99nYu8+BX5waADOGVBw3wKS7xHDzqshVWp/JTq1OTJ1LiONP1LAnG4QvAHEIQ/tRWrRvWAQKkZ3BN9dOAHwAYdhhRlhCEcy2v/Msu86Hbe/paal6YVke5itKNKVTIm+I5GY1Gk2WHHvjXH+H/T9gD3Uos9zcKBIL6T6/hM9A872wPFyk224UtvJn6A/cJlZIQCeKHGxdmI3KaeD8AaDBQu+Iz4EIaueqMyEhDxFRqD+R3NzglwMLXcgjwm+LGAG/9YXKysgCX+Hsb4FhCkF6qXujoeMPKuMICj7ofRDQsPE/FxkDLBFl5p7dtEiO5iqHgjpkBtrdTKHIliWDb2qKkyRnmxIN38eJv3Vhm3RmaMk2hUPIVklFFoxlu17zzziQC7Q/TErmumyYAqdoE+QHOCqI1EKreP25yEnF4hou0Xewcdj2MFNnmP4WHRzRdhM7foNPpIsLOnu2S8KIkAKrAVUelngf8DoGQHfvshgYANH00DdR+GxPQX4Z2PPZkbe0cHEFxLlVLO76bVktiWevLLPVDIjkz0B18ZRft1lN8Ph5/g4mLJOQBHXdt49OH4B4IMIvS1EmC2+vdstGhWjNBT18v7bUPb/7T17Q8ikIhK53KE8PDSpB1V8qh7nKAubxBhKiBEt8wW+CGSUF2wPrYWfxhMwFag1KO+HWesPi9GnHNzgtKbJTJkcMRL/+tU/Y+EotPt189T9kvCe8/TInQqU+LqdcfPz50iB6SkR1ZQLikMAHdtbFROoGK7UfrE9fW1tqKQUIeESZUSjuAiom9AkoJSV15eJSTUxTRGg+beYxkDZRABUINPmb+Badv+fTj9vbr1Cw5MF24dhN3z3ywCeSkM9YFz59fKNa9jLiCQl6VDN9G15yYBUK6JpqNwbhbYR0w7BRXwG/dzO+1ycT4HCw2E6DFnr99jWEz+EHSaRaCZFc8SGxU0pqCg+F09pFObDjdfv58GIUa9ZDS0y52bc+iZl2lZwDFGkzVF8QJlzZM6+urJpNJoYjtL1t5vtY2S6OpVioJi6Q5DhAosaiQ2KT+o9Rv+m/Rb6X/8O3EFJe7lwdbF45+wuoHfsKSxUv35WFh16nUUH3jeA5sc1XUNg8MaPmWeXlW8NhJ06oUROiyeOWN40Vo9MXZ2dleVZOEwWODsODszlbcGV1dNX0GWKpgv/X08t1UgECcQYCowryENyxXJI4Qmdh4W6kLfvlSp+t91Kv0153u6fmJcpS8mxIWphPpjpbNkOE+89WwrG/KskX/+MSqX69fNX0c447d6r+oPLGikslo3Y4Fi6TOX6ddRahkfswZZP9+BOmi08eW8iSSlBAQUEE1XABK5hzHVhIpwZZwmXekLC3S28MbBwBWaLSlnz5992GpIgce77tohEagnah1kTbj99HoGlVvr0pQP7oXJLZAK+wu3hT49aZKX5cODAzUnsLHaBiFQDNtpgWaAZKBBRISOori/CJxx2xeGVS6CIHKqOxVqYziiOCrXWeWePH7KJQsEfVneyyWCLdcsrLCjqJDU/7Hy9UGNXll4UkgBmICEgohCZ9xAwlClAQCIYhAMEICAQmRjyIEFCQE+RCUL0soSsQi0qqsQwICjqwIQoFSUEdKXMeJFGSnUEZX6MqAbQfWse7K2lVmxz03qLO6/Vm9PzOT9973ec895zn3nvO0o2z12eoqj3c7E+wDwk6LXJ6Ta0my6WzR61PBkSlEyxGyJW9xZpKh4yF413TMNtwphmUu6ejRewxSZ3kciVTlG7RFCEHVX8gfD1OY1/5Hu0Gr1S6s1aB48i9t3Xrp1KDlgbGifCxVptcvvTz9hKfExIK/4zRM/Bs8yBXg4E0QnsLAfoF1en5QH+gGPpD8C1FRTSpiMFyFPq4HzuV9HQr4dXaCt6HJHehJToGBma3d3VeDU/ci1aEdsRcvBncNRKmxFR8vMJELWr2hnOClS2GckMuRHQuq2y4cl+uXwzicKgJzcXHRQeyUHlpeDu6VkO6Hs94i5BcdPmc31hdPK82pMw9AJS1eFi58n/UQPfqHtNr29g4R+9Uembv7KXkf0JOiXMs9Uu94fejiIrBDSUnJbPJsrX3zlU8+ueIb4Mvl+k45kkTfVhOJnA8KIJ5ivTnEk+PLHgTPLnTmH4lpK295Gv/4+xb5069D9aefKGvMSzK7v/oqKju4h2zr7+K82cMdRleUpuLMvnHYws8erU5PKJUSAiEewk9ZWR+JJIqzuXC/75v7bS4BaUz0xotl4bSn5Z00WjxB7Ifz8FpnyRhDXTzhBN2uNM5aY+ImSHeEHK75zx0dLFYHS1Swpr1hZmbrFoQ3E/r8bd3UKbJfPKItMysTV4hh1aLqOnQh2tzAMUmdzIlKwwkEv5IPC6DZa/1AZ6HQ2RnewVFRB9nSIVjnkt5w++DqdA0xE/Zv1J8GpGfRIYzlj2di3YPd3S86+dVwvF4wwQXemL4+IVH2As+VqcIJobS+llFIWm06bQ6P+/rdWgKmt6iiHf+h0yaLRgMAI0uIBSLRd+VPQ2ly6c1tZHRg4UU0n3K1hOzCLGA8DuZnxZEcAUCL/7nNXrfeDYf6FplLzOWhK/awX1PiSJcRgrWm4x68EBEwAsbJ7f0CaPH/Jb6m2ZEBovJmkkLB6pgBuwkN1UcYwElLnOjd4ACzqfvZ/khkLOZTnEfsXogPpoQhLVIi4Smb5pU8g14ul+kJKlkoLW/0n+fvQzZ4v1rhgTkYERERpcq6gEg20ORUv/6meVZ7O+t7mCFU3IPDoTNrC06AP39NecxFgPATkQQWeC+u15t1e84qftlGllId9DTa47j+eUdHRxE40Awks/A5F3VMhQwTCN7pGL8d7wdA9p2P1uPxx/7QbvUbFmjmvNYMA/A4KkoKDUtMA3zopQiHJzemJaayXypV/SMFFWPVM+qtcbhthYGoTrW/xDwwLRLjRK5J44E7ZC6hSgF9Xt7j8+dHR8tH4wp27A2m05OuZVOzsi40ngMI/zHFbbDvb98AcQJMXK/swe20Dnr1ade07/z5RSmomHgO72leHDbn/7qXJ6Ou2MlPQ4XvQ7MhzWcgtRARiVRQi1QCiJ9z0B3tpPiWElzs+7mV++jYiBZv9as2zGSCG9+xQCFiZqRBIZ9fVYKJTGo9aAg3NfkyAcDMRHp3NpWqmUIA5lfut3SZCikghTU1XJcoJWk1mF3inMldNf2G00wtUxbhoKLR+kr//kM5eDJRT+zk1ZPX3K+eHJB9RstqtGu0E+LNm+3t2zc+e/bs5cvTBl7PzmgPXNBbK3XhM4oERT4A5XibwNVnbQv7EutSLl+XiNVffEHLshH4VqHbZmxp6QIqq0G17QBgBZbQG7ntfQFoKm9b96+6O+x35O9QJRtlXJAyNMQaqWKzqwrTe2GIE3TLM4aZ5ZWVQvghXSwW91DC2AKBKOFbwXjueHXKiPHBCozC9ELd43CdrnD+wdDQkE63vKzrK725EDc6ylpYqF7QJeT09qIHMpni5YdtbQIKJcNoND6YMRhmDEzDi5WRnp6zZ49R3hpsmGAciee1HW1b09SjUIozLo88MK4UJpRC2n10fFOVTqcT5yToXqwYTbVxVRRKQYJOPIP09Y69ed7vWd6G9OGSk3+12PC2/J0VRVEDe3CTIxgMy9jcxJ3KUamYEa1d2Iphb4dDhNSzHpvXeURH7z2TPDW+5fnwpeHvHHMZDMcR+36lUsnD7EoC19cS751aXNv/4GeFok536dKwRjecUxrXU6gLH8ZKqdld0UAdW1WEUsaclVWyoqmhYeIJIpCnb/EkYSE4D7Lbq7Ukh1hZcbiBgQrfACurQQZjt11j45E52y0+g7k9aUbjyMKI8djgvd335myTd0xWaqiaYbHklq66uq44cBb+IKWq1epYcsgmymttv99R/s6M/ec7m7S2l+9stHqHxpjkPwMzhlhDRvtmYoCwMlulGojqQif3fS19lRXPYc8HPWdYHjkiiKnASuPjv7EZY+Sy+tFZzO0k96vbs/JCPysTN9k319Y2zJeUnKmkqm9iK8t6MekElVoDe1/jHnzyy9bE3h6Tj+NCgiuZXn0EKRhPwmXjg0Le7OB95KA/zipMVV94F8j3xn76qfGA/1T+/nxs+KFbQyg6U8ycgXOHWONiuwbU2ElMJNP7YRxrpAmijXAPqnyN3feeDhPMPC1QBLZ9lwcqilEHZWCtvanb0Avvk6+GZajJd7HY/bt319fXu8KCLfiWrnZ2grGtlYR41BLTxkgxNgOAiXT3i9lZf5GpVN3KiYlm+wmexMPtrhR7E6txOKgUl2XLZGrIWC66ByfR6Zgdpgm90pwwqIrg0cHbmds82WaveApaX9BzvgDQmEcl0ELX+j3YEydO5E9VYLHqgbJDM8tAD1NykQsPwpFxO3tbM8keGLGcVj7K6jBCEPEfrNRo0I3BhyXSVcWBaWkl5uYIPvsGjqfQNV+jlg5aBG2Z84kRCO6ZFF0gSCMAzx03XcvaHCbFCDL6b9Pp9GvuwZOa7dnZMgeHXsn0BI+HwW3GVWBv5pQl0pPE1OztMrVaWhkdHXyNnmkifAEc69RdmER0Bfkl/RoZ/1rY1szXnOvpbMmIY3VotS/qFF7CGKxpVE5isdLsqAFV/HIHsMMYsGL/j52cUg8xIxL9cLF9WVnlEO7rUJeLxfMz1iH4Dw3gbLHpJjKA2AzRsYnIXQ9YxaxJwfpWk0g2No3A/VyAox1ofHgc0uO8v3YeJZGKBiFY0xMTg4P3hpySauQAYNl/ebv6p6TzPD585bsCA4d8GzoUUHRXMAMJ8oF8wFR84EmBAvTOUBRTUNJTT/Q0FMLWXB9IaYvaUrvNSiNb62613GZ3tLnLmupuu827OlvnNpvu5ipnb5q7m2u6zwd3/wV+Z5zxxfvp9X6/Pi8KFDsVULyBor6AAYBbVlAfmX+CwWDUC3k1ZTW4V4mAseGrZDKbyTo5OTQ2dJ6LZh7XCDM3vQcABxMRdwH8Xj58OeHmx9g3Afx8Coo8Z1V1e3XleZQWYnRixi5ZgUEwOlpUhMMeDWStH6PRPKzN8/2mPXNoAdzeGlz/hif7/clwDSeOFqWKYqCFXBI5F2r0x+OIJasZxBK7ywii789H/kqjsCgN0dQUtpw5L9XEEtBsE5j+VADBApMWxQqFKDVQU1paKjfYnPWMDqtVvVvs6O1NJ/OhmZEbjB83I2cng89hMYtJqsZ2g38c2vT8jEhk6SYOP3z48LBuNe0HAO9NOZF6UJW7l1saWuI4In4Pi2ITdDDW1t4V4VAUWTpG/9/ZM82itLAYkSgjLRwUnBAD+B5fLE4KA2SKn+j1+9PFhDBCWBgfny4GaOZ6ujyUBqK9c/fHPh+6uP/I2bNnaZRLgedJYUJUCyixlhqbVFEzvbY2Oakqvn/0zHp1ISEW1ZqZYzNjNThTdX0HiWS2WCrgc3+yOOhOAfjqnvq62fn58zzUAgC0oL5rqakZW5IkIINZ5edeQsuBhCY+tVMJ6ucjjOtUChgMazWAL44oSkvOLWcZGYzptQcPmNkYz7ePfuObG82cQyIRh8MhpkZnRIeHmAtv37QYIEiSgllMTs2Ahd5gwN2tanJ7aB6QNo2PMndD97aBrH98SqO0GyorHUm1mEXKtWAoFe8omy568ADg98+jdDqdSAgr5JqZpWOlTDnP5zKZDTVSCxswPwCg2N/X17pIKjB310dK1Voqz+ILWHg+BJ5NwcCcaa9WtidE5OR8P5GXixdqpqamLCiqdclIAkE7a9zY6RNmRv+xYZzSfqp4ZmZmjGvRoFRfHBTlcJqboeoEsukQb6T5ra1kPD9ofSH2DvcN+8k/TQv/eBEait0SLEOpctcKJzUtvND3aOS4a2DpNjTtVuAqxEm9Zde5KeyU7HQyrsw6eZVx/35/FgCwOSO8VhtQQ716GVabWcjTSNW8FByul+xNhrx1q99RYVY6u6c0GDqitC26fEErNyIxeseIC3EK4l+8+NsLXRMZL7ZcP8+18NiO9F+cNOa5F41Gl1brGiRyurpOR+1hFJUyh4bOa3hooSjoCLdkLwm6M0SHFkA+uar1B+kAPz0obCGLCWmDcK1B2tPWDqqdp4sDKktYIShHi9g9Wx7rkgJXqWCL9XqcXAEGIIUXD58CW/N/E5S4HbudShDyAmrQXdjy3VDQweXyUB4btzDc1/dJsNWTP5I5QQhOaZ8N2kgnneAPQ6FIyZ1FpculJDEYo29evx1Ox7/SDA3NW1J6yeQ+v16/qDS6MO4UdGRt+fT0XpKVMT02A1giKCJgYixBlPmRzurBkAOYiMdX6eEFDLQM/8LdBS/0MZVk2Elt8fGCqL2y7zx/+Y4VdLpfhQCO4Cr0em9lpaLy+B0Ka1EOui6uwkv+duHu7wKdWVmgnp+heRoIKNcEvX0tvC3wBYpGqgHpnwI+N/zJ3FZQJarabd11syrVUDciE5xEkAH7oZWVccpH5oIUnqlAwHj9+vW/D875s1Gt2lIY3Fl48XqjEwCo7oZgH6KdJpEEjGAb4nLV1ETQ4Zz18PEKUhLXKCzMDCGASWR8FRxjyBI+GTKLuwBBvERUTYIH3aiBAdqFC7SuD2GNhPZkRpNiWJ976b//Yj9vgEeN9t+DXE4Xk2FYJcdurB+j02k0ShNBK4UAcqVoGFSxY2o1hmYrPqvK/eLpwtzBgwe/UCKRKpXq6uSs06lcrK5eP7Z+5EDO6QA84bNxla/j49+PeHtwLhulUqlPmpp6AC+RSJ4hxgDbTJI5AYB02hWSTDA7ND8PTayF4WE7MnzS82DevLix0Ylh6LbQAggjEM/X95hvAQQ/g9EosoNvuE1wc2AJLqBobn5wyTRodzu837op5Qnnnje1sHTlFOOXcgf4OL9vuM/7WOhaWjpDP+PJ25bI4/4AIMh86OdkQbPZC08TdLpzf6q8Ozd3CUGgI8BV1SwIKDfoAWA+v3+/WFAGODlb8fXoxERERMTbra94KSnLceCLygX5EV47EjDIL1utHaDh0G/c3rionC5lloIQtFy7RqUKMbYccJID+wcQF4b+PJQpTG6FNVB8h0KxxX+5s3KrF9LQErgrkg0srUMAu9zi4JouJmabGA+dXXSAEFDydOd0y5+/Cno/8cl4Bw/1KbuvbHAaVglbUK1JKpVyNUKoYsewkWdPHI6n5xISluPfFf2y0t/jBBF44tcAwHoA4CH6vo2j+f3FxYIaJo6dgrt1eOLw+x9EvB12VFQE8sZXxnXljyWAvWnNl8dmVAyrcpBI/wY0Kw+0ymRaeCONSCeGGmrMpD0HDkQNIIgrlAD+2ERWd1FYebL46Z0LXtCRCaJGG2nvFZcdlDRA29zJP+4j9L1GqOCljHvg9cHWEre53o5efXbPZLg+NFvXfS0GitfQ4xoN6I/wBBVb+GyQ02jAkdr+nmCDNoxMdnoTUp/ff0KlKgZly91MX/lDTj8AcK+hRp7Nq+j97cTou3ejXy8ocOw8eBegeXrE/FpMerl0ZmaSIVAiAPJ9+5pZUA7I1FCpG0cjp9S4MlLbqZyo/fsvIogvlBmFK20AACAASURBVACG83ta8R82cFpASCW0xdcoHkP/k588aVge2LgWw2mGmucmSVo03KPEHufhSDIw2uzaJeuwgglZKSJAfXUMsbGbwQBz2dDQdWpQSgn9iFB0c09KSOXYEZMB1ISTAitgLEx5r+Q/3fn5IIuLO2QIa99tFiWquL8/hwRGndgtkuRLEW/W1t589dVOhfwm7ULweZ3DoJmKFEzPjI1Nk25mBa1Y41jPywCVtKBPLtZFRtZdLrC15Xz/K1oWCEHfttAyke0SUfNKoy4h4eWpU2actvBVOtnrT9ezWlLTRES4G94RE9fYmPqeuCKg5ZlIsrzxQ/bLgOEKSDahEP7Wjd3u7GCorkIE57WE8C2xtRBAbPPWAdrPIIKMpICAVXYAQsFg4nj/J+5ag5o8s/B8uTThk2yWMEQIiWBmQqJLoBACCjSQywYSFgiQENJhIQgRA2KxGC4JNxG8IiIBWwEBYyWpdhULKDcFRqlCmQKC1lsUd8SuVaJVh6F1Z7rvC/tvfy/Nr0wmk0menMtz3vec5xCJR8tzc3P1JdLkX7/vKZ8QO4SHj19LY/Aj4SWc73tW9O+jo7Ojo2MzLkYAYGmzzrP/b99yC91TAIK5tb/sg1czBaoiXYpV0XgU4wEA1OfQE9/BgZHxvLyP17iU+5Tg+iMGgxbOzQmFLGsW4LzpkKxVkgqCAwKCnYJPeDEzMeXFVTUZzeiVBlPM88HBX6DYMVeqAIUIoMHXKnK4AEDY9VaHh0d1FEWaYuFXaH/h/hsJ2AVTA55ypRxwFr37DsCfyeEb4wvE6pmZGXXg5vUnjtI5ZwuVShMgLZEr3TpfcFtaWG8mJ5fvDJcaAQvokmpSAOspAcwFCuN65N3LvJIZH+CrQpIV7L2ZmB36HR4lE/TUYZvFctct/vFa18KfhkQ1AgCT3tl3Cd2tCgaCaCep1Hk6iQ6Y/XoVLrAHmFAM+qw4qThJYmqsfTno9lx569YtJCIhlt2AgbsH9HqQVKe/6+6siwrHwxo5zSPTO4ywIew2MEOvhUbgzuCNMVzg9Y1kfAIeb5IUV7u4tN17RNxE8NqZmKiWcAVWQQJcNYIN6KD19gpbnhxrHba5PHj2jMOVys67g1KHC6hjvyDXw7RbiqLXXQl464BVUBGTA+JJBdRDErsAAF1IqqCPPsKuJYC3mRhgRpIk2ilanLsC6qFqtVTqP8E3infamu/srKrKw2AkSts1WjEt6creG8ACn9My5HIEUOSMLgDgX7+Mc3fvhH2DdVl4kHUBgWn2yM1z8nLyDj5B3ADKrFUEM/NiTOCZAvBqhRTOXo/HM8M2YQnrRPn5/9AJrD6wYYjgtW/Qfr/3/px43aaOtqZxDudn1ogu+un0dLS+u7M9ZcCalSVDQKXu62qtq7vY2fmtvlitLnUDkZT+wGa8Vl2Jwz1cWwt8DJWx9sYoabQk/Xn2CoC81puJpImJeCaJpMI559Pzvj5ltM8JHRDA7f++e9eyS8pgIGyFJOn4DUxFHATQvbtdk0VRCASxWasAYpigRoWd1d7MTAggPqFhAeq+4EENjGcnK0/ZhlPp9J0AQGKgcyiDwVb4KLLDI4O+b/vKYgcPl9shTn93G0/k/NzCio4+AwBkdV9sNxh4fJkMts0G+vfXXeye7u52R4ur29z2OTEfiSTKlpar885rDOC6R4B74hvSAPUrEVASdBqdHADIkaA5mVshgLhKdUeTi7G3d8ohbInBfPXy0EuLXYrI5RHXgdl+Uqt3jzvsDipTQCkSBLA0ABwaAFjLPNHDDCASQCZ6TIajb1kQOErkRjiWQklLEgrfdYlJVQcgGw1S8dnAtSlReD7SbLNb3r61W2xH/LwCmHSSeEb5Ijr66RkA4NMUwPVnQSEO9Wl92db27unp6U49itqa7u0siPfKzmhRsu5cnv/LWieRKArFBAjoenLDDw0+Vk9P3WTZJItVGIO5Iq5S4fa8H0m68RwqMjmEF66PDx7adchuvDw0NFR/uRmY7XGYjzNksQN1AzpdygXBCoBp5ypq83GqbSuaCiGE8NevX7MpK9Qm25VM4TPSYuLgBblyokq0cnG+mazIYuPZ+AhEPgJHt95a7HNP4FomlUpEKgb0ESC19OZVtNk8O2q4JU9Pr8FtwfvUgVen2wek0q4urmQi9acaEBu5aOKRh2vdG+MatReDyWN6EYPzKs75CAY0lw4OjRSiOaD6FeFCf2MVomjXCoB36kWf33twylb6bP+Tq0fmr3LUXbSkEoAfQ6YR9Ht6XihBS/oVsQKfNIFs96Vj6QgCB40JfjgcrgiJYK8OgETxEVlhdOdhGnhIxFWrtwdkH0EWJcskHeGNtcwZLQC//UMHQQkX5JxPEhdGwxj4ZnTJvLT04ZVBLuOrgjYTshXtcLzQYJAhGbAVm3MJ/utcNT1/z1pbIIHQc3R1S4p3+TlQXfKh1qmUW5JbsVdUefA3FhcQkMNTU1OOU5WBYQWkjg7Sg3d3xPTUJ5dTSc/EzdJkBNFpfHQyWc5EcY6kgR3rk6ab7GudlCMIP3tVVL9+iKdl8KERhofzZWPAKUsggKi6auUIlOjPTmA3euzgskbGWA7Hg2rH/tOXWovCgXfnk0ptcDj+95HZpaUl84cPPISRQIbK5f669ovfGV59kDPkIywz6ya1743Z/KKZJNqz9t1ZXiDeO20IcfKOT5Mh7CKc8yWtzvP8+XPlnxV8M787o0Qf9+Xi4qLS3rEO2wMFIYwsqHA5fPOnyqCgPVBzXFfXr5ElF0N1vJ7I7Oxtx6h9fVo5kpH24wZ4YlFPHeLx4LwEbNh/ODT2Ari9RKlEpTmpeQuQu0QC517w0KOFrLGRs4mpdM7p91oeQs4mYh+NN7m52Lbftw+fNi+ZHWOzPIQfmxXBSMcF1mgNrwyGUXmRnDc7Okulli2bzSxWs+oPsEBsWHAw3GkWtml+KD0bhztJ5RlApQmP3wpUInXc4anFM4tTSfamAILrgSpSNedOocNotCXW+2G3BIamM3Qa64CnpwZOUQMAo7JFJ6mtrVq5FIWdNL5w0UorjweSZwQ+CkvYXH/zLFdJu1YeIxH8cN3USN64mYANDycGZAKiyB1LP1JFZ+7czePJI/CU7BDvwcGmtjbLW0up489mx9lEqVZm7ReANFIDt49MLi9PhuLmtbPLZVRq3/Ibc0sLuu3hH9EfCPdfEl2ht/lhA51PUrW3NJpkkFoy40EQ4gIHXpy633WoKTiEsCWwki7mnB02zhlL4adsCQpU8RUUhU4nuw7wm1BERLC/qAk9eXBoDI0pP+oU/Ccc/KlDPHjet9KJ5Rea30Wjba/FnPOBRV8EQ/VfKQq1BEXhvqEDXiGvZTK4lo4c8Pngyxuf3LDcvVs67HAkporVFwbqQLiVIYzWVmDnZf9qra8U3SwrK+vrKxs1mEHA/uz/NCeymtxd1/2vBXqFrWxH2OhPJvv7EleWjx6UI8kZJszXGExwz9acuDgQAXt3dd1vggEL+zGTmcpxvBMKZ3z9sCEhWGxUrI8Cjr8xRPlHoC65fDdS5OyM+wb1yK3AxG8I2galdebTGf/h7dqDmryy+CQQQkIymYQJjxAkyxQIz4jyMIAPDO+EIAGS0HxBecgjBDBCo0BAgYitoI5CGhRQqEQL8goi6kaDuy6LyC6uVnzAFpBFOzKzWEtbi6Mze++Hzmx3p/9VviEzTCb5Hr/ce+4595zz+znvQwsjrANICOPE5voJ90QcANAZcwiyVPv5HEYMhlm70e5qbqi9c1wcgJDmsVLzvL6/OfLE24eapfYFJnAL08EilerkFLer4ioAsOVqyyyPpxj5peJde3vD0+akpEpX5cejv8Nb//3P+F+Xt9nbrIPyRkHB26B/RuPAR/SxJDmnE/kgyuh89KV/Zi4wgJcvP2EsFRZQosF8Cw4icEXq5vDwqH2W47CDHQf8ZziSnEM2vMRgxCMbVZg4O5JlT6lDZG7ugfX+xSL27CnL97kXNI3uN1iU+YwCgjoAYCBw6sBKc+o4yfjuqt0o2yByTUB2bbz9mfTsNXfaSmdlqYPDkROmNnZ7Nwibb2JoWe5/dJLe/lvFVeO7UTu7lnbDorr3m1oDCFrCIf3Fq7GP0vKP0t/h62phwdfhuterLJk2NlZ6/bhSOTamtJfJ9IGqQD3HCrxpn6I6LZGUSyRXZDZ7iMnNQmErOE4r4GcyvG1mlFwkKmpxUbVzO8JVKgdl8fFZMnDop61eqtKiJiffxMYZ50pU6uZm4GI/UiqZCHKwBBwfrooyetrYw6+AP5Ue/F9iNM4Zr1813mCzEfD5H3fdljpJpfF6WRXfV13qm9TGRebnMrrf/KiX7YiP7709Mnp9lt0+NGs0DhkMk+np7Hn20FAro7XfbL7Hvf/+Ip6/Y3kbWh/o/br9JzC+t3e//qC37dmjlymVxcoZe1mPKjZdLE6XeUN57XEUv3IJ11OvSAYRUrLZ3H8LPLBKJc6w95Rxuf39CpVKVY1UK5VKT4BCVZVe5mlldTjt9OLk5KL65uxchrjXAQZ5eVouABD5LqPE+3+kvMH5uiHw4Ga8M0bn5oyjxjkEWdC28XjDqAKJNE2m16cB/zgqDVxSqRyfhr9zj0qVJt5ZkgEhE7FvjNZ1140i1dXzQ+zJ5Vaz2Sxhznx4ut+b/s6mu/Ynq19NYVsZJcwFlkTMdCaBG3ZK3Z2Dvu9/NBNbWVkp4b48ie3km09EfvEce+skhYZJlTq572hsLHrV2Z9ElGi0XJhKzGkE6w0W7gWEKYhE9QtfYd6bQ85OfbA39lITY5hHnhqen8/w2YRHxePXhYa6WKA7rzg9CI/ByhwW7YHZOWdnN1qnNbe2/uXrjik1+Gbf2UQchbNjS9eWLYkrSiVskgdhUyBKqL7PMoWMiETa4XmYCDuFwKKQ2hfhhdmdWMn4x9iNWaW/w3/a/X+xMFpf5k/PDm8SOjg5Oa/aKX+W6x2JhI1UH5roxF7h8+tN9FeS8q3OqX1/FQgG8ivrjxbVt05pOjp0NbC2fjATm1mAitwW8RURSUSh4o4Ck3oWBvuXhOHLw1NlS2w2e/bzTfhga4tQWEcQFIwimOYez/HCh1FoMIy7PiriMS4Lm4ThX2jJEXl5DrE02jav6Cz3+B2cIBTAIJ9p5zhUqwUs1tVkpmtCNSTZswypRgy1tbUNvsSJxqryGeuP5MZY/JYfiA/eS38eLhTGxHx2PQSVr3VhFZOZZDa7LmQiO5lIJN57aHq+vx+DkV6CTDGR+Zt1Naa3qCAcvYiSYxvEcnUlBFn7eeH9M/kHsu+1uRZgG3ccOw8QHChtXn7wYAka+SG7TS6EQRcoVlqzKqwe3ZO1JTHaFibvcFvFG3sjgMfUdK7p34X3mEye5A4n5w/gnsNyorfZ+kMAXfeQLI274sRR+6sPp5AOMhMIoShNA2nD/YVhcBG1ujeqEitRvpfbXUtVLzmdni0EAdP3LSTYJwn3NTVasmhobkM0cM6I/dQOk25/clTs+X9AVqPIyHodJELR0eWsgnKwdvujHAp+JD9bSjm2nyEqTsjENtIuDAwIBMlJzc3Nbg0N7WAIGgPAyB7kPjaZ6HsJ1mAqr/QAD8gjmgMcAIqH+4VrpYImYRM4Iu+Rp6a0g//FeOgCAGQxDwInv2VWxEOYrEFvP1uX9dG4wEMhISl+X7Z9DRzT5RiHXEc+V7kq975WAK4LYhHkdJOOuvyioeEbO7TAFo//tI1KBWFliJdPhmS/hErVPq5BFMSLqwDevVtG1ckfPgQjKQGLpeFo6/2BOxPs5ecFxtJEOnGx1De/HIfLcnTMO8JghB+BPYmTsAh7D2EvYQ9PA+Wc5S6hBGAnuuLFUAMtyz1xouvYtQFBEwB9QHBirOOrr6gE1Gu0hRJhK0fbxuSu2yGHhRG2MvGYCcBiwKmPyxJvTcyK5/dPTT1oHikt9cUWKyGfw9rtBwL8CHvpJqpmuPYTt5FdUEEZ7+WzoXuBmWJJCgieTkmpE01ptWNyJlmRF/P06bl/Abcwu0zjSjfJawiuMC2LC7NAxXksbKE8CEaqbhIK3BMpiV2w7YYRHt4AAFQbwKJZDPNpGsiRTpfXwHoqbgEY4D0vafFd/HxHgeDYMUGuI0CwQAc1X10hPSuHwnlW1dnpmDxmGkQ5VbYb2kU8mHFYh4/GoRmErAvHBgYcFYjBNwqcjV+gXK3SWqsd6VWpVZ2WZ6j9pOF7NVEVEgBCOtLcqPHzkj0J8jHybMW7pbJv39LbxhQOMU8vnQNx8eXCwohxFsqKX1QFGcXeny0MmDLM7j71eYc+6RYaJfGiMPzIkUhft5tubm6GoVkRLKCCfYZ03Rmtpk0JjFpNmXlKu8I5WYnNz80dcLxw9lqXo2NVsLyjg0qtccHbUmi0K/mdm7MZyVpdjSVp386daYun75C1Gs1jFwvKVg9avLs7JKQR5B64w4uIghUBzLUFcBBtUpLrNCJDO6R29Y3a54eKTdtVXJ8vltN1U7UV75affPvW1EaP6IObw+dAXFxYmHwy2B/qG7IGV7Z9wM/CmoPzwKSeV8MMupOYRhObswsZSb6KwNje9Nnj36F661Ba+EzZApmqRXhkRAOXopp/PsuszM8Fo69ry8TEBPCHWGeo1DFCMKxOesR3NGczGP1T1McBhzCY2IsxRJhRoVIHA2CDwQVUPQeM2nwJ+ZaYSEwyr/EUnoFbWQTW3jGwSo786eef3aKmLaDKFOl4yw1yAlhcypYqfnlx+ckPDzWmTiepAzDyd0Fcl0SsvG/tAutCgfX7ACB+03QiDfh/AEApZjeGkwOmK4gOWq/gPLZabghYj+IHXzyDiExdAKYMof5wRkdnsWqOVh74D29X/tRUloUrCUx4mbxJJRYRspCYquBIBZC9A4awbwFCSABpG5BdNsEgWyDIqkGBgC2tkUVkQgtiodA4gDgEShBFymkGEJRFbZFpxXFpq7rEasq5NzjzJ+RV5cdU5X0595zvnPudc/p/+inYPAsRi93wOItKEJ9YekF+8QnzUVh8LZQVJUUyARE1s5bSuqBmoqwADv+4EuIeHAyCj2/6U3WcH6GVnJu5Q5IMdSu3MziSve/ZM+rM3L33Yxh7HtQJElV94QyxvMlUO7/96b3n4982ZzdFwwd7zC688D1Kk4FUeQuOQIbC2q//twkOfLFamHTwUu/1g0FBh/sc3cRoSZdC8eTMuz0mgEHj9DJclhubwwDG1x4OsrbvtB1tcjYiriLAJXQ/BmdAsSVny3YPjsX6i42NCY7E9LMu8oHF13yzHnp9iND9Sk8RjdbaRa5Cc4jVTAw9WhIGYs+FC2b5DkPUgjNoZaaBaYybfvCmF7A4asuMw5xDXwRRA9k98Rls6ANcWQFM8+Pq45rZCYHvkbS0tAyBoHawFIt9Cb4O4neMXO9x4BioAkDK4sLCrsRGH3w/PtfiOoBw+FW6dW+vr2UEHEh6LPAudhzAMSsSPp882RkOLEleyUFl1iC+BwNHBtWWdeUUWxwsaRDtbYyqnaKmfWTAD+Sb0W/VD0tC3OljNMDN11E0x6ih7/bhwHPYxtMX/hbK5Y7NKVWO+93W1gx6L/ztga2XHLsEakODsoVKVc48/aUiJ0ENnaDjorQ5TaroWg/XdWlXj6YUCgQCUWJ2NnaiVi+gXwFJmdx0R9aLXykWFZ8FCYIrRkgKix0OeD6ubHHNgRoMAJYXlHDqqzDf6K+ZWA+uPR0aUn6a2/7HegkZhJR1P7/gn3/+sd/8BDYLQcSLlFQ8nHBOJMJp1WUV3uEVsb29dPqVW/VJYbfo+c3cznDYqnl7bvzTp3E/bG3NzUYfAKDDjAZn8DaHfecoxiQPVYuKSFWr1H2/AMeEomeM7O15Hun6MuDR2XayVltTQ/NpFUwAA3HeKtd3wHywY5nYwZ1BpjEWeLdSuGAgFlNQgNlrfO5OUeir7RaqxksPIIqW7QBo879ZeHgedUiphJM2nupgMtP2JD4ZJM79Vy0Hsd1LdeL9B3CwtgsnyTcYGUXkoKiXU3wvyMItr0j8j/n4SGe9UT6fEfnm7t034+PcwewlwUQ6lzvpMNNgs8vQAMIbTYqtvbqBqHEtiPv8+rWuqh1Fd+N/WCwN/c8/QbyltTY1NY1s1LQWpghqIYC7Uhex2O4P8kr2AJ+fGwOOsIVLNuxTM2+Mra4OAaT2jnXzq20qVb0MOCaHAXwVbEeFakTw6KvPPJUSAAg+252QVDdVMemXrl+vD5GcEwF3d3HZhWevUgM/UhYfeZxYgaJisULGDYC7Yvewcp+s8zP5fM7A+Tz91M85brqY86FWZD3m4BAUt5fkv9ugAK7BIdxnSW4rjjweE5Mc8MqzFaQg6APcALY09LSn9Ch4IfCOIxuCbnCEu7FiBO5E81gTg8N7H6rfGDAJZiVm6AEst5W4Ax7nx+V+f3KoRWXjYoew+de+TrG00U8k0qsNeRpoguCZulYpj4kxXYpLpl+65S4hUa5KpQRMPD8C3gMcrygk+FwE9sdnm3a0ykJ7opNsQdotX3LDWbAsXM5f1wPoMFYkSkw8C3d0JgcyQVp0yJDDx3APIIDli2yAQqrEKTkglEaDAW7AQowVgTQCAOhJ2zB9NDKyWRs10Q1bOtx2OrRjRh5pySk3Cr1zkRXeqVkA4BG4IxjkFHoAuZe3Z6r9U3l/Xo4gNuj7KIAFNqjUaiLPBof/RtOiVA6BQzz1bz4buAH5S6EwydI9zDgs6aFfJCbyPGyHb7mGRpWWTt9vz0VitKsKmWdR/J1/4UEMX3PkWVnZDCSmQUFOALc5VFpb7m8rZDIDmfDy+dA+g1ogbKlaFCOVcuctCiXJLJTWStaS2+1YiDjrhExKKHrxIrSxTS6vFH+40z2xcZ/tZmJy4AAOAPjoD20rvFeP2iq7M62QpvUHB18lkYwlAMCFtIXOzsloy0hMnEblWh33bocoOqpbhpRwlYsVnjcEb4GUv25rvDIR4AScScaUwROJWWeFcIG48B2xgImJ9M7MzM5G5HKkkry6Ov/248dCBuKG212mX6BRhhYWPX9+9/mXV56nM0qLPTxS9ywLQVYpdDp23sqQY08GxNlb+2EsqKwbZGJ6i6SbHR1tpggc0JE1mE7PexMQ0OwDOzDk7ffbNjc31nAgA01dyd7QartotKIeemAgLNe0evYfyQgjGRuTHgILJIT/dWEy+lYyBnO7JQiDYe5UaW0aqENUKtHI1RFvpaFSgRH+OkUkLrPsEGeLA/6LiVnZjOn4+NiH5Wf9jZiYwGGQW6BR02I5u2kVAKibn7/MR5BvYSuGK5WawIjKB5n589+baZ4yH4KTcK8/bKcSYjDHjvEMKi6C+l3EtOk+O7PQjxlXUdLxx6NHpmxnu7q6um5RT15eXk++9SDCWWqragM8RlC7RTLemxTSWAMeTynU7Pak6fty0vUju40plubmr0d1nQsOTsmTY2OTM4cxGCe9xANvBTsi1K4qqtrepuD2DGx6mCKqEvgIJL6sbCzWJ339BkHaOFo48CfM4ejhNEJUIcFa5CwHBrj6Fhb82gHhh9FZAxWM6/PNX778/n2zZ0rJrKz3XiDFnwTv+DDH/j/y0WAX6y6cD4DbTTPQ40YRZADgSAxSt3iuuHZjNCAgb26Ma52enVgruHFUMCEATEYSMny9/vTNxzdvwiEdyZE9aVKpVFYUC36+rYexxNLct5Cs0I0F7U2GmpWFSaYTxXYnVVme6qM2wIYvTTXcgjqjaUiwb6hAObBTbgUwIwJhlDzaSktZzx2oxkTTrQlQzE7YQtp1CoVufnVe0RYT0162A6DqjGJe8XqSy33VqiUrQs0C6Em2qRQKlG4lGA7AXR6HbEGWtSJobBSM+ngzyowiSrS/Ae+WJSp+mOHrSwt9EXAPAEgoxdam3PD1FaTUCEQhw/WX+i9AjtiY0jwWlGzmCXUusliJhOKB32P7MEOEypfQQolwAQLYebFcdGLRzY4FMxDv7xKIampfX1wgHS6F7nPch9/NAOfS2QV3yqcUAJii7ejQkqv4jKm+oKDIi97pBELkKdhGrNPpVufnyaYxuTlG+iNMfdr59uTfpz6/vlxFLpGZmZn1/Je3a/9q6srCK5dgICbSJIM1PGNmJcRIZOT9DiEBwgBBEhAYIBiMPAUJCALSCAFEwkNAGQgIDeWRgECxqAyC0lmBhWjFpViK6MjIQ1ZVbK3MzHKWrs45odP6B1TOj1nr3pv73X3O3t85e+9PE2aUZMJGWZYd37dVU9jTBAqy2F3uuav086sT5XEj0EWdP4Hxj1xWePJXTU2CjnV+Tg4Ny0I2AcwA89ZvxltTU9O0DmLsZw2tDg43NwG8FyMNMdGn5YeGwuzg0O+csCwa7bmwsOdUkPxZlrPB/hKKm9rCfeoqg+EPouLP+fxJAKALFbYsMnA94c+T80QVAMB37+7FctdAVH+iyLdSZnniU1jIzlh69aZFdON16GN9ZVAt+AxLjNPtVxmLUwqLSCzUUPAmkjCk3Y72EY+2isoZ2UE1B5P6oCrlXaVAKWD5l+EyCXoAOazwXYChr693LPNzovSH7F736pQAwLq6IDp9pCa46W5Gm+l019jYmKQF4Nd6FNzMxMPDysD5GKLrmY6Lm9eJsOHj3EICwsvNDW/bb6Xf9i5UCLsYQmz+xSjYluZEgqMBcFf7rTCu6PhUZLB1gdD5xVxny3OGCoebao5U+Ebg0PvgQT7jai6HxUOQ86R9myqyOHdf7tUNoXDtkjA2D4tl5afMhO3Wb6lt26pA2mC3IbFeV3y+nhykXG/q6AjGHkQ54Uu1MMWWk58fPBS8vn53XbBrV7TdanFxfXGeV0ZGxQuvG8N0uncNIP6HKRQL4dTZ2oTUVDlSbR1ArIdt3q1WESTSywtummq1cNtuOhXO5Lz09E54itJGwMdyubzUlBz+059pxxMAMzFygRbjausTUF3t9g8MtQAAIABJREFU5jY9+qK1hTY5pirKo2Fv4RURjgZWzpRsbrM/lidHTkKWbAv7LD5SWOBjYy36VMcZjC6YXpvcS9eXVmwhlYPHuZGRyEkQAwuahoZGJCiU5JZw0IxzhcMJ7h4aaoJm6Zd2qhjjQwQetr8nsfPd3AS5N8Sb3pucLKdklQC3Awhrv94NkJJWqbDk+TwCOcszwNBgpVgnIZuRS8vN5YjkiRU/zenFYkND0xHWjzn/PreBS8DZ/3Zy5HoZ3gARLT/NcTh0IXYFmyoUxpYzMcy9ty9f1vWz64uBowcO3faMytaFCj6EGzX0OBrdBwFMSSF7S9nsrW064QN4sC6Vx8sf6YXSl3Q6my1OZaWktLQsL3d3dw81CQRgGUwOqnZZ7fWWHmi0OTY6OvrMr9dGCoUe503nTNV6qVdUzNvVAE+MAQgdsy0y2SerIIBZlLi4J9nT2VQ3YVfX8xaOaLjHq+LFxOtRWFtOSQ86Mjv7zdkPATTYh/MF/uQYj8V/+XJ29v14wUIpQ8g9qm9IgbaPiQFLBIwzfVzPXLhQ62FsEYunGEOXkhArvBWUTO6VAg/MZm4lgH8CK1se7Pp3jU6/BmtHwwylaSAy4S8vd/Cfdgf7KQXLy3x+fuhbRN47MiI+sFoSZ9rwutiQGHagfh4QZNPpCLR7mWUgXaqXUfOgZOPxRfEoOQBwHqoW3DdwwXi4cRldNI5Z+DAi96tL9HphagohrD7oMLZThU5wr/2/y8Q44iIUFOPD2Fz+y5yc2dMFBdoH4wxhn609Dlfkm6kDUwXwFGKApyuMAkNL1KVq4KoUtTs/G6ukHhueCYMVBpaeHxlAow8BtD4GXKvIzIwXKJVKNXQ6/QAq2h+4MwBbx1M+/1SVGafl++9pNB3xZE+vRtMP5XDBuztDvW6ScVZcXFbJp/bxKNRBb40UxICuzP0WCl/c2UOSSMCZ00+RySE+GIOkYda37TSOiFc1UQcArKpq0Eu37Cc6xdcC61GpfjVBVzR67+X0tF3nbt7M+fv79gKtFnAPxqJKhfPF40sX7iFB+ebRTsDSHVX/nJl41tA5D8/4zgJCo3JJIgIuCCzQ6aMBqG9/Rzp956rRbwBaZbUBAFu1C7DqSDOi0URHRQdeBAA2dQwNDX1VXD+YCyuvv90oRgAavWKbYV6kW6h+N4GUlH64er6tjXIfcCfzi7vIUieUe4RJGbDIS5fWYkONqXJwhXeY6w9Hrn3OP/c1jTbo5VXnl5GIIPNwHfRwCSCCeASdYOu4z8p6M1UGw2SCOFwSBczP4bP28UJtwZsHr9r/dnbnmhqPJ2i1XvlQNQ7mTTDfIlVeDaOw6vAJ7H+HhseBhoY2bLaJ0ccCUN/+zmg76T/bMZi/bLuznQTGjizTtpUFAqFUxg4Bk7jmWvTNqCMHzS8KwMJHTk4Osct8Dpb/3I3FICSNTE4TO0mwqXjuLZMkkqeJzSly8o2JideHZZaSfIFA0DJw6EwZ28m9qHJpKTOTSg0NIqd5a+gRes3sKIfJ8NbEigxlRaL8cMl8Q5wHc4e9O85dpUpw3PGYCobz/QA7uyQQl7JRgdFRDovtrwoKCh48ePDj7Dc7348XFhI6tYROUf5AoOVeEolp9ASRTzSYZoELre1r3d0dSaQAGyIcPuC1tu0l/TL2/t7t7zCYyj+CT3T9k832d3vc1GruyspKrG+MWCyWSPplG5MD4n7//Fwsj9es6y9PWFtc3Fic6osElCocuySTya73XZf19ysUOp14IJ/F4w3ymsV5gyxWbvir64t9ikwFlFx1U9y+7aYTSwYGJDKJRDIpkcjWmgdbRaKChYVSNXjgimIP7Fk3NTW1llBpAVVe3ZrFjY2N/f0wdw2M2CUGoB7jXZOTGxv/ZYyvrIALSwtXmmWyNfDPy2MydbrIyHvqTRnacvgye8pjGhtj9K/1EdvfGVX+YcevayCYNc6ULLV62sLiERp1MEQT4oQCBFRzkhys9APMZMbQxxGn+vOhQ5a66Qk/pdKvGYQ58fFHAp1gLhsSUtPdLVBe4fhBkQDlspl2ZSnbmAKsAuYbOLsY/ZU4UqNBoaLMo3Kioi3ddRVXrjyseDE3R9D32y8H3htMvp1TZal4aklc3HTVDMwykJrYgAdGs7hCRtebN5yfX77McfiaMa4F0X1n55zpatkPrhirx9/Vh1T1AAe4av3Lkg5z5gAJ8WQymb+EMQb6337XNRC2v9v2rzunP2x/50ExPko1dgOxyIn4QH17F1RgyHBacgqYk2Qp0ccVp5dzELe1JXI4Zq9E/tGBYEoOIHLATNK+/LI7uEmp5GTATetWLaFQDTMc4vQJG8bWTJ+AA2EwTSHaPMo8MB5XPvHw4cMMsy/eaRNbE0vxS+7o//F2rUFNXml48iXfkmRDmYSBJoFIYAbodoBsNEFBIIBELklIAiGSRS4aLuESsKAEiUZBUUACJIJcykUpAgEFy0IF8dKOV1gHR6tgtQWrgm1x62qdzrqj0z1vnM7u7P/l+wmB+c6T95z3POc87/vYm1VcV/u3H6R3NYeKTbCIoXcAcS8zIWFTnndMzPfXUD5WXbo70PPq1dvety+jw9d78ItMiKTXXbyYpxaF/M8gA+x3L/+XNZDoAO3viGTnD4j/fZjApwRpJf6fVNFItHSRUmj3vigCj08mc1LGCPd7QeBwOKKmK3R6eWHhzxGq3WoUo0P7TPn7MF0fAlDaGq/qLIyI6KQ3d00fAI2Ny3sAF5wYDJnMl8FJ58QqRMIkwV9MhYB0+UAnO1GV5/h4Z6O9jcz1ZydPAl9h11rAP0yBUlLcjV3eHzmWUUGH8/z5899+uQvFX6966Cs2K6PgwLINO3NrPFRFRfPhhQef70H+zyj97MqyVb1UWrg8OJTslpVOIxliw3wUIhHDaQHLZSIIJ31ENBpBo8lUMpRnH+yhD5SXdUZRhzMysmQmsxbDRkcQV+nrk6p+GR9nsy1dLu81NpAZKUFeTXbZj4zBCwjIyQl3Rt+fkAp+ILd/9ofDw5nHcJ460eF6vQ0mKL08olZlxHFGzgsQ+RNObd2EttMxvyEAfz36493ynlc9PXtuh9YZm/TFV+qw0HFxIZu6mRD3uACozweev0ciOWADeQ15NXvpO+NpMpQmu7OqSDQ0OTm+DDyHPE/NlUqHzqmDaema5O7kMETctrgfp9Of7skr9V63jsCY53K58tn6v8IT3xlx69bfW2vFL49BvVMx10suN1fqlfazVUWOned68hCBNRA2q1Tt+y+UAoBbFlH0Tezd6/qsbfESnT5QGMGm5jGM+sC/HXl0HsG6dYYK+ppdz699H/PrpwAg/cFBAHApNRQBWDiOVgNVxtWfysxeFH2aWu0b4kEmBwgEfh/zufzVjMBwxbZ+t+SRkWQCqa1BPZzl1q8McQiRMfuujWQ1NFYRhtEoRuvr6/M2zQzQn8r1pffiEF2KBoFBeFg90GV2RPyT1tZWqU4R7bDeY42Hl/tMVGKZJCzTfjy9wAfPRKVMES4INqRzqoJJO4f9qf5RW4+curCIdsCu29tct9J7e777ZuDB6WizS2rznguwNG7fSkVLYPKuawjAmKP39vT00vdML9uMTt8W92aHZoMrBvtTtMXy3qfVJiZSqZtnA9cL4NKU5EUJvLOKERjdPzxZ3z0y0h0b7NrmXjacFavkkT2Vk9KRkQzXjjg1lRkTI+2T9oelbY46U0mRU4dRmkFr9waBIIDXL5VKO7Nra0FSOjqZae/SQXx4pJ2a2C4J80HcBK8wm4vMXHn+qM6o5EDtDYlmEA4OfXkZ3DUTHj9qaNyPhn2wt7e8M3tgwWEj2mLTL33xOaJ4a1uuXk12AwD7mDHM2710+vR0sXnhzgGXqZ6VlZ63K2xV6U92QaqYzQZN2xs/Grgd0rYHLXy4iteaPDuA3SNu6W3VSZV52zgEIe7JM+brmMwvOya+HoZjNp1O15+pkMlmKyljixlfX7330E7vaX4hvPlpeg1MYBSBo5l4OJHoyatKJ6ip7WdlYT6+UOaPYaaoznhpPlYhJBhINFIVh4H7KvQl9v4zO2iCw84BpIO95WwL+8wSmZ+KAHyacApa5YVwNG5uI9d2jaB8JqW6lxSXFFDGcvTLzS5TU3NzqQegT8uPT5g6XSs7EQCcX9vo2kAjtZ2PE6akeK5eBPpsQwAm38gwrKWRkj6BLIx7FmESHTPX//Xer7zRm1FNmE2Sz8oflLWs8dt584ebz0gBAggmlPDIfJcVBOBnCECpokIeuATqQA1B/bgJNLu8edgvAk0BG2+rmgOe9XBxO48VQV2n44zQtwWPHmumg+QB0/4Z2gAed3SvTEIAOrzQuMVpbtxITmZKpYO8O/yxhTd40xU4aAQAKV5B7gm5iDCNtkaACF6iTaJVt5Fon6+L47Sk/N7aexXWQGXaue5uDcdA8iPR2s5nxBJETn/SY4i2+5ed2PvVUaifjJJYWGA6M9hC3nDq0IRrNU2AAAw2BIMWPbC5EACUSnVGLbcIs+JCjVsW4TSOW88uHVsy2eosIChkMlkIobM7BA/tVdcVmL4APJqjZvEWvEnr0gWSB8xo18rKUWgiAP2Izi8MtCqOsP8cdGmTZTqlHHbCrXAtODfX892KXo4+ato3yGLF55aqoiRYURKKgMjI1+sgAhnRxFUCkJyTogSZe3Cwn6DRteNmBscp/HAJQjAvL+HEP3/4h7fKf7d/4kWd3banhUzcvzgBhj1rDekoVsPRW3qkLo+jOSwdlWjNXC1mxBlqN42oxclqMnkFzrLEFnF8/JPP+qRiEHTJN3ra6/5no7YAe5sxWQFAbBoBiH5ttesvKSWOlcGRBZRAD6g/dMIV/fX1o2IxqykljWGPwJqVlZpvauwaCa3VapKgHT47u07L96PtR0FN1Qh9wfF39VT6H/5BgGgIh+AbnvT6X+8aPMlAT+Rmc1BCwqPqR6oIXe7uxKjdfX0IwEgHIgnUBBONwTDXfXFP55zo+1O9NZb8fcY3XhQvLQjOGT4yvEU5KLbYMJlYLI6vjZcizie227hTwAMVF22jbnF0LKHo67AKBGDd8tRKtg0z8ohQLCHHyhYXE4Lk760dQqKdMs+x0L8RZ88Mb8NxWyi4aaIHAS6njDWhuVKz0llYs5L6xwDSDsdNZbksn0xFCr5qEQj3whugEzeHwbiccPKLJIcQz2N2HfN9+2FzZaLEOIvmcW7fqI4VueFjvw6o0CVVEUTQRALO4Gxdqbb8M0vHHPhcFIEV6GdKBZ42qWOHWvIz0dAR2RvSTLLyEYCgq8lBOSSW0A4roPwlQuE0XlG33Dy1jNlejm2Ebsv60qs3Dx1KcCzhBpLXBPLXO98xZovFteM1t0t3V+DWutDCW+OFoXXoT4s2Er8tKrpP76X3zs0dR2ntyPGLFgvLJ0zW8rsV4OoA6OwrBJcs0eZNjo7bqziE9B0g9+miw/2rIVboKxxORFz3tknyjEQSBFc3dFQDgBBKmdamJpRoWSyWUsm4E0gxV1iN2Gwmj5c2OZRo0Z2LHdSJ41tzYzlhufmAHwiTcpT9blmGSLQEFhSgFJ0my2eZbC/vpx4o5hZpm5bGIt9NvDt06ISju5yyfiOX+2/ervypqSwL14tJQWKYKJRpQhIJqcoyDIvkBYQgQXZIBMIW8kpNIpDgZAEUw2JYtbFZVQI0IAxoO0BDWiWt9CiTdqRK6bgUioiDyIww1Ixtq91ttT+0Vls99z78G8KPVOoRvnvfPec793zni47O/PLJ1P2plpbrBjk4Ym3G1lbwQstt3bYUfFTB8Z6ezMM9W+Fqxy/rY2LqpdL0C8Vu7UyAQmFI5A/ks9q0uBAt/vi2bbc/PQYbzRdQmfbG0aOAbS21FcDmNBGxXwIAxNPk9DpCtxWWChkKvlTgs317cSGhnjFHEqiZmPKiRTVsrzYyLqYhWpkh3wyrNBz/ICpbJkM01LwjBeKd/5VPqCf2fF3/t0T9bTJ4o2PGYxEnHQJ4IntfOVf8WRQ3jFPz1y+eTD0BAN4hGCeK0qVz8O9NCGik3R4+n0dwOIA8duRXrTY3rxZMdgKe16hQ9Pq4tcW32BsPjFa1Js+hRXAl3xUOhwuyCeqp2lpUq93yI6CrQ+VUHMAQkeQ0kYgHUzhtBhzjdUbGnIA/MQe+9XZuaR2hkeZ9SJcmQ12WS3ZMGS6RNDkd8V5Q1cmJ2EysRNJuKZOPlR05HeLho+Crr4HDNTjXr53cQWiPaVcgMsDwAIAjQuFXdLpj9crhrS9xM7mbn7II9Ub+NT5JMTEhHUuHg7Z2B+yMjo4mm+socPomiv65Wi6v66bt3etWADdXgtUEy2qUhwZpZPgOZL+D+UQZleqsHaQPrn5zQliztWepATpjAnqHsCsjd9G8AWv2L22kFb9rtNpIpKx06058UCgBbIGiA5h2YWbGwsTS2HmAfZzqp5aVc+CdsZgqORBcMRCc73VMFAg1DBf4E4yD1Tl+uQkGinycYBOwVwHD23JiZOQ9bNke/KpH71cCEGwZMuWPtxOy+HyFoAi/QswK2Ii0kXsNkzkDL1JdKGoBwcqoIO3d6872tj+JxTRBOggRDMZKoANFtfhcpTCwW3Z88kk/rDidLsuuGerZtj/hgkazqsEBFnkEBgRAx9FdxcUkvG5Aw+dVevhfKZxL5/PVLsvMzMyvjqZKSVAQNL0minZEh/nv9BBT+99XZGRAF08QZEFS05sunQA7cIA3sghnJdloAonEUVvr/M55tfbq4CD92f/0fn4lJSWdBNY8yBat0mkMYU9fuzadptU+vwseGSI5QMmJi1tPTb0182q2L8M+XeTWBsvII0fyFBMnRy/vYcjfBTVrUTjauDJy03Z/2CB4F3pmURvOQm3bccKZ5GoKrEqDD3xc4sBQcHbyFaRwtfWfOzZ+VVwkndYdkrksv94bpENfC4/ISA/PwI+neqSE/mxxPePgQWPhCshC4bBQKdhUaRWLwh+gEaw3KTRFI1tAHfSr38MW6tqr8zH6zuvGpKT6+eswWaxWMZE05rQ0DUVvLArLyRF5lYk5fnGt6+upXa9eWdZGh1VYr1tHgBaUVSXWj4IfRmNxkMShBVSoSQxtEXAFa8PpI3l5xDLYSN5xfVIfc72KkowgyoLITUEisacHfnxmpSsowXIzd0NtsytLqUPeyhCZEzq+UZ9CpymQEQd6bGAobh50ra2N+vryHP1U8VPvXu/0sbExpn1xBGxB3hzYyrCkirrQe99vIKgebx+HF3yM+fnxOnl9tR1DdEymVIve4C0KE0xe750VUM6IA2h5NTs7PMxscieAIW37KAY4lvjkNUUAnAZ/CrA6z12htGI4YZ28Es9iHfsMcizOm6TcpM6Y5dzcA0pDwkoI7LffRMOJhcCaDw22cHWvD42PYWlvtTKtE6SMV9u4HHLYH0RUKtiLohC86D4ISyyX19Z+/jDYTP2pN9Qbdsuht3gVI++1se+KYYck4nplWZjBAaQ3gUhVZ5yQ1kflA0Z+0NeOIEwVxtaiPABgdkIij5fRCgDMyODxhgF+cF7QIXcC6B+VbwDp/J7RPZdOFqVEhoRERnqCVwsQiiuH9y9xI7jmO+bMCHLm0puWktykpJe/vWyZPDOyjwV7zIKKixR4NO4gk6NAYrzdZ3doloLPtNvfL6Do228/fHjOgqtwF85+at5QOHiKnFCc8ODBg64t5xynqQ2eKVl8KRNDXVoH/RmXXNqoVEL/egu6UFu7sOCUSGKL5my2oiKz6Q7sY/e9iCA6lQVDF3i8H4TCKkrcwMB9KKmtpgT/PPtg1qJSYe4EcFO0CTaZdyb1Xb48zGQKYGAD4QGgYjXfrqk5e7YQFlRKzYDS3i+Z7Ox8+fi3L7b+J9urTEIViVO8i6QKUndjI/S7LTeRH9Kgw8O0PdV38cWNCqHw3Lmas2ROZmYUyIegZzBVBB7vmYfiAK6tdZ37pp/aANJ4bBoDWc89+rcsmAzmUChKDGwy7aBDJmuiNoOwr84i0a6U3yHI6+uDMQxsUIvKtcCrEGZnG3L9XnQN/LJ8m5WfaAgfhndQFt0hd8ocwkzlBEJMUmvf5VFfJhODrbgBuz1DSY2J+cJsr09z5FCTZDQyAKPom2yB15KPh8oa4vOookAQAuCth5VgPs41F5aSI2ggoPDHVL7r68FxcY/+8ejHka37M8EKWCup9O+eN8Ax/XDNQrHh2QewO/yEsIBYIGZDeUc4W3bPmc0qP/xGr8+lJOtUJ6eVTRKNRtLcTCyookyauZyl+XHwXdRMJjgiVZdUMnUCi5VgCM7w9U1N7uByy48VVLJ1TIsLlfW6E0D/cpO5XZ+UcX501NduZ4b7eHiuZIb5hCYboJZy3i+RAC2NQLJ7cA8EcOjvjx8vxeNjHqCVIClLEGruIEeUQiOAhySbFWzAS32vX1eUfPmvJ4+OHl3ugf+0VUB8vs/LqywPXpkFRgaKmy7yUn//vWtR2EBsECFpCBuJjZWttuVP/uXmEKAcicEYczo2lt0EJaNUYpshV9/DIZvm2wlWm2IMYyMyHVPXtDmCk+l1xvfSsF2F2RrVFyqpzVAQAJ7m1ii8824m540+qe/8eVi1syO7AkKthMIUUiIlEQBY5TcJADBCABlf91FibsN0hvz0o2ILhJoUH88Vk+lhqG1OXfmTAnxUOjy79vp+RZx+airul6PLy7CK1U36twlWD+KDcLkcUUxUQmfvrsXsAklBE4ipOiQ8VkO8QAGcO+ZliR/lIpOpRXU6XV4Q/Lg6p2RKb840RREaSTR4aAjYAKZKT0//sLJnLovFhY0plMw0RHOK7oQziFHNH92aSJvIh2+2QqP4832+mAYQ4+7/t3e+sU0bUQBX6hB7hKRRHMlsLXQhXTvbUS2qlJU2NCXQBgplZS1/mqCUlqCMP6vwSlemwFiRiBFhg3adgtAQithAmgIdEyqjInwwIKRuHkJM4kMmxLSh7QviU9Vv0d45/U+RvS0tmsiTWrX2853vd+e7d/bde6GHgYbd8+d/AwCbULiPPd+CmV1TU3Pgy8rKZcuWLmYcpfKIimMkCh4Eds4zl2ZRRVfrupx11/v71/x++qPf7gHAlb8cPBDq7u2bN+/Jax35hvwfifS3AK392eWP3/pizS4wSS6VIatkretoRcVm9N3zbE/7vcbLzXUPOmE8XVuNly7QtjS23+vJ2dGxfOiay7wRfWpBbz/sdkcJUX7spwcP6sqqAsidm+YKzJpawALieZdzLqdyvz480S4DvLBwZzHy4GIuDtQ3rJ4/ZFhu+Lm3O9RdX3X4sAzw9qPR9XHM+KpSOwqptuDUjRtd2gWLakO9g/3ntl64ULv+/D0AePbr+2nPqWAHLVmypBJZMXLrtdZDi77Qnzd40R+A5rSzzCrsu7W5Fq1VX9m+8sCW1u2dMkCXFYhX+FfWQE8wdMSw6ugzK5fejMKVook5VtJVpyk2NwSgEcME6uShr27ATIDnNS4y4wC94QEGx2gUGXLaywTPvFD7Uxng+svITzHyrZRX1ouWAi5F8UACRVW9OZ/0AMATvdPXUjCbkA+hUz/8dQhtQGopzg3kNW89t7D2+w1PwbY4e3CvXCEcgbaqo234JciXAAA0N4D19/nFooutRRtdZS5PQYdhaH4raoLfvdG4zQBTwc7Orc0alwcrd5Q6nqCO+L0jhn3aBXaSM8M03FOargmYUnq4IBlETvc0MGSf3L69TgMANcGMAzQlwgncKLpFeYiaFN2Vzc0N9Rw/fvr86Q17QuYGebOUpi5JvlMAkwgsyJmLAvO4vu4TNT1bcvo80wFqKyq02mMoTDyYylqrs9qlycsbPPP69fd3NTbdEhgiyHFBAscKKitlNwYOORIrVu0plgFWtV7cCNa4demb+YbdtZtrV68e+uNtQ35bMwBsXqspzpUbfMFnO3YMrTpi+BR9ycKswaATBVgbdXAjPwwcmqFXaO0OBBIB5DIOUF7eRkl4ODLF/Z2eFny+0M0mtNfo/gfdyJdaGc/zLbqx8yzl87Es5/Nd23Kr15ernyoscmq3//ENmP53wawajgiu1la/3x+o9/svJXVpP3eTRJfcJB/V+wavD9bX1/tbGyBL3dW9HUe2neH57n3utvi2yH7+zp07Gr4MzshXXe3oMGyDwxMe9DbJGSfHfem18S1tkH+S5xfx6MeXcfd3ks5twlkRt7mnuL/TIYDR+zebmppOdOyF/wVfFO4gOclLnT79W4hGoz5KN02SqBxtV+7efQz8ZPd2VNQfuARQWP10Xd1k93d6tCQRIKNgtnDRXpCx0wDnTx6FzfX5hDH1R/sibTKzUSWoOQA2JXF0hm3h00Jn3P1dXBLdMaOtUJJ3iEwO0AzdVPftFT0rPkSfcTCm2sNx9plWV3uinLyRZbLg5XJnpLWXlNhLiNH1Npw5mg6Ggae93WGj10wsFUP/WBvqi4oC0WD6GUTLrMb7hRKHw2weDUkydqF9//6xhzb9XsfusBNjtzORcjL9CJuZzI/CFIuzGCl4n/8mAjPfvlDOu5WLxws38/p0mpjhKGMvLbWXT1lJR1jdQaeyJWDNLTbnCsTMJ0nk1YmzTjqSRDEsHcykWphxGZ+nTMNfyp0NMwZ74W5N5LAk6MSUCkzQL0iYeC4nWpUtRTid5As1MafVOSVhPWVHe90VhazmKGIuDWnUJAlCTXnVYflHmjiNqdWc2AGnJPq5d8StRrDZAIj9XwFavMSosHpCpZC0Wk1GtSahXlOnU6upZ8evKZwtgDbJkpbCETFlUSnD6jUtGddMjYyozD4ljhSO/imFZwsgPlZHWMyttmK9klpNo2pNRmJUamLxBKZSNTIwronPGsAJ+1B1f0XG1GoyqjWJGKFW1e1WqylEVCpmBCBBqFd9uZpExjUzAvBVlv8M0BgOgxFDpxLKtoQ7Bc8FZTLp1GniWFhQftRSyCu42xQa8nlRAAABWElEQVRR0SfYIGPaFFa0ubymAWS+mGLkHADEYgOJME6KgqRYWL1IizpcR8ULFUsAmhR0rcNxxeoTBZHGqZEEq3iniXAEMpYipoRiohEUrsIWDyfmogVKLCsBG3xAMTc6hZtQJ658X+k3ZkJYOU3IOxYH0rGUYp9lchtFDE+MjCiPeHpJfncn2OYCYKFAW6AhyO8IFbFYBAxLKA+vrAjJ4glxeIRUbNWoUiIWKK5SouGIHgBKrIr8ASBo6iLhuQDoFkV3zBuTJMUSEDaLTYi7h8OKtgRhsqSEAZxQboFYWLIIA0ap0KTYAilRigywsUJJMXujbTieoCOSSM8FQDS/1BMYZVTuLhmKIb1GilYeRAiKZKBCSFKNJuHFjZQKq0PP4noGp9TkTum8JIpR8YqYMdjLzDxrB2YBZgFmAWYBZgFmAWYBZgFmAWYBZgFmAWYBZgFmAf5bgH8D9eCF+2X5oKEAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Scatter plots with a legend

![Stackplots and
streamgraphs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stackplots and streamgraphs

![Stairs
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Stairs Demo

![Contourf
Hatching](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Hatching

![Tricontour
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tricontour Demo

![Secondary
Axis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Secondary Axis

![Plot a confidence ellipse of a two-dimensional
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot a confidence ellipse of a two-dimensional dataset

![Using histograms to plot a cumulative
distribution](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using histograms to plot a cumulative distribution

![The histogram \(hist\) function with multiple data
sets](data:image/png;base64,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)

The histogram (hist) function with multiple data sets

![Bar of
pie](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar of pie

![Labeling a pie and a
donut](data:image/png;base64,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)

Labeling a pie and a donut

![Polar
Legend](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz08b/18r///9n7/NT7/NX6/9n6+tL////6+tP5+tL29cf498z39cj7+tH08b3188P6+M79/NP/eQT/dgD//9T08sD6+M318sH398r+/dP29MX7/tf398v8/NL6+dH08L3288T6+M/6/df//9f4+c7+/v/8/P309PX5+tDu7u7/fAjo6On9/NT+/tUQbrL/fw36+Mn/iiH6/9r71JX//tP/ghL80I78zIj/hBb+lC7088L/hxr72Z3/kCnz8/P9rFX/jSQed7T7yIH76bbW1tb9n0Hh4eH09cX/iR3l5eX73qT79ssXcrP+mTf2+NL8wHT84anb29yTk339pUv7+/v75rH84634+fn8vG+1tbXm7s/9sV38w3r+lzN2dnb67r9vb299fXeurq6JiYbg4Lvv7/D9tGL39/fs8tD68sWSkpHBwKDExMWBgXPo6cCnp6f767r79MjOzs79r1rz88zx9dHr7O3A18r6/tj/+PHw8Mjz77n9o0aVlZTg687+nDy+vr+6uro8ibj+qE+GhoWOjo22tpiGhnQvgbbx7LR7e3E1hLfr7MX9t2f78MJjoL53d2nU1LImfLbk5cCMjIrOzq2CgoFup8CLi3jQ4MpOk7rKyst9fn339879umzJ3cuew8WVvsS7upuqqqpFjrqBgXqjo6PBwcKZmZmlx8bY2LX/dQDHx8j87b2dnZx/f26srZHHxqX++86tzMh4eG630smItsLS0tL//9ugoKB+sMHb586Hh3+xsZTb3Lf++cnW5Mz898N3q7+PusScnIT7+s6ysrIQc7iYmIH16rT4/NRvb11Ymbzw8fH25a3KyqmgoI759b9jY2Gfn4aioompqY6kpIpenLr5+9PU5fG2zbzI17tZWVb67bxUl8anp4xoen7x8MKbm4L5uWfReCdRUU3+jyf2ew757+axp4ZEdpQmcqeufUxDQzzg2KvjeRvrkzvts2g5f6vfpWG0mnKcd1FWiqW+iU99lZitimHvhybev4vF3OvBkltaeIdz850MAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmv9TE+kdxw0Gd9ckuyEQCMmYBAhfBaLVVe96d7lGc1tz5rgGc0ZQYkjAYAxQo0AqzZXYoFfwyhdTEAyiRgPMMPjdDKIWvzH8cIwj19NVr/pTb64/9D/oTJ9dvgiViMqoB8l7Msmz++xksi8+78/n8zzsokWTgsN6VS2aUWEuYYBhgGGAYYBhhQGGAYYBvgdZFHOQJQxQoc6Yg9RpIQ8wI21O+IvDABVBp1R+QhUGODvAP0xXCpUX80yA6zEzQajyfJZUlyktDDAowJ+/2PirKfrkZ3AyzWWuhWG71eQzu63lPrfHE3oAMwkYJjLgVHXqy68rnglgwOs2UgCHTE67ymPwOk0hB9BW2FJjMhjVLoPrNS1Mncwz9I0CC3tMPuuxgNnkcQVCDqA1T/uj0WLy9xpsb1BE9K4ugKxYq1ZrM0ZUcJeJCDmAWq/3X0a4xgnr3rwKh3QbY1H7rF6bJ28ubUxIA1TXOi2Eu18XBvgeG+nn4Ty1klt0xWGArwMwswv2aKcce9XHwgCnAUx5NCY9DFc+ekQHm6LfqiacHltKeUvA9x+T211bqeh2FtdYQU41EkOEs7YLdtXaUsIAqc0EfbOGkvK/MNwgV1bSNq1xu4+Nqow2b8Bg86Z5fX6/1d3iqfWMwLBBZaCm7KP+HyvDAGmADU9pPYLh20+fjtBtuKHb2GuFDf5+2NBlhlu0vd0G65Dd2gvmjCpvby1sMI3mDVnCAP8vB6bQLxjuMnpogFqDu1Y92uXW2rq7WvrtTqopN4wBJLx9Pv2CBKhXVGrtXa4hYDu/v9yUV9OrUo9YUl6viGiJSksGnAlXBnQwoc3QgwOtXVFsoYqKPpOeUtiJhVZE9Jn2oT7ztUOHcr//4frBU7t3U6/r5x4MHz10zWwtr9GOvHoVTgm1PjAj4POcOXTn4L2iwx1ZsjHx748PZOn7y5p2PwMcu2sIXbiRfiHyAuXXSodP3dgvBqyymEwEQoBIEmKQJEkNISaTmQ3mOsruPTt6xlmTOXU7qzhlDsqY/wAVNmdh7qmiZAodCiEAGCSJYrPjORyRqFrE4nDi2XHpEJggKY7gqv1/e1B6zTTZGuvUmXOQWje/Aerszro79/bJZEwKEQJFcUTcCEzKEAi4IhGHVQ0gcrkCBnWGy2Gn09eAWBQXXT90Zmg8DlNSdUD02+u/p8DzGSDhL8y910HRQ0goPT4hFovliuLpeKMcPMXCUDKbkyDAYgUcNkQdZsn4R86Vmm26d/2Tf0EAU3vNpaf20/QQCZvLwECISRDawpPCng+pGSiRLWJgsZwoCIyzZOKm4cLyyhAFqHcV5jaJZWIAJp0jwAQ0lCnoXgA4gRFJZycwGCIQiBCULTt8va6bCEGAlqHCO0dk2RBESuIFGJeKvBfgzQiQhkhCUSzAMIqqzrKO3aVWbYgBTHXV/eOwLAuEU1SCVLCM8mMQYcEmQLkRYQwORAKE6PlSpzqUAPYWDpdRmQ9iR2CcdCQovZcBBCIhtgATpSMQKhPvrusrDhWAhPloEY2Pw4ilExn0hgCphJicIOUmgu+QJR+85AoJgHr/pXuUeSEOJmAjs+CbDSAVhhKWlJtM5cLDw2dUCx9goPBZhwxEzjJMEDU7vlcASGVDFm1kpqzpbL9+YQPU9529sRi4lx3LCB59KCqmhL4qQIBQIpKyAEiZ5IdC1UIAqCNG4AztCFys1aZOfbJFW3cOyoaQdC4WPwM+lIfjfDEYLM2pqKjIyYEgMR+/j/PQV0EIvpNNBeGNs+XTnqRRKCxarQVWW+YVQK3RDec5DZlmr0/vMkz+Z3zo0g2qeHCkohlKB87PyR+s6vmaJzzRTun07eysgSsnHg/m5+BMBJnV7ggbEwAfZ0u+b5myU5M22p036q9UGfrmFcCUQAussxsJq7FcZzN0jcdCbe4+kP3SBYyo6TDEOI6iOT2t7fVKjfwiH78qVyqblZrWmzcfy+UaZX37rcMszt0LQjFCIi+tyCxpPBWE5xt7J/vNcqvfNdqt0BrK51cODLhhncmoVVS2uCaebCHqDlLhFy/lTKMAbFtSdbJEmHNarvnm9MNbbXfji548edLW1jawMm7g5NWH7fWaA/v3lDVceVJ28+9x6S/puSEkChNIQCYsO+sb/x02o9WYkeGf/fGaX1oOdBmLicqWPELtnejNjjU2LQb3yMUSyan3LMy/2HpAI6/CeRd72r7et/JmBIO78oIQx4VCHoKA2Lyfk9/ZieCdGrnmwK3HZRiDXvUF7WlEUpAJsyS51rGcpx5qGSXU/c75VkQyWwwuk7tcP+T2jf/ph86WAftGSbnPsx8qBMa9+o1c3tx+ZYCH4BduRkSI6DXxVD4YVVogtKLqSrtSrmkvuQsYCzjJwfpvhC1lIZBYdt07vkdD2OzubsV8A/iC+o92ZENkPJWjJvDhwoEKMdqgfHhiIIfPY3PpPaqguzEoqDGDJ9tbUV7JxZILuxgMjmRmLyOSWAH4WHz+0tvaonkPAFOdw1lMyl6JyCQ+tLO1uQfnDQyifBzlMBisiSUxQkYmORxLVo1pyW8dSUmR5Fit4edUoPgJ+YHb+fhdrpQbpBFHRFKwMJE1NaoWCkCd5wG1X89lTPpOiFY1KOXNJ4WQEGcmi6Tc8a6aTHKsitzzzy0fr9t+/Nud27btPL5169rPv9qxybHEQVEUiyFe1XdKeT1AKAHU42d0Moh0kAhlRY32hQFQbz4nQ4GzuJM3yxt8qARx9LWYaoATpCI6+AC8pF1b1u3844cfLY+Ojo4ZFxiu2PjFn4+v3hDncERS/SINv/6yEIGCrWeQOCpXyMreDsF3DVBv/jdohNMxETLRt6DCKs2BkyV8Ib0EE0nG6MVtWb/5kxWA15qf/rR57/Ht69etW7tu/Zc7P/2s4DfU6Q8K9q79PQkYojivs6G5UwiyKMJmxLJnIEgmYpy3FoPvGGCq5xxfypZMdH8oXtJTIV56OZ/PozdkuGDxgAB6n39bsCImek3Bp+s/3vBXyPFcIAdG7fhq9ZcU3JiPPtu+IdJBQvjSwaXiktsDfCYSjwkSkRlWdhgLiVhZ1hiY9wCdIP8lS6vHy68Qv3xa3oNDOI9ee/0a3DvpYG7ZWrA8ZsWH29Zu2OQANWNaeQVVmKoqS4C912/eGB3zwea1uxyRTCEEqkl9DwqMPPPKEGJUixDZkUZingPsH5YB/1ZXxyF0+OXfUmq+a+PRe1AJ0mUA35JNqzeviVlesPV3exyOSDL4dhaZtCpyx+q9G6Ojf9q6ISkJEg+0ajSt+ThESrhY8gsEyYi/sP5HvbX/RnFdYY094/H1zuzMesbj2V15X7Mbut3au7W96wc2GNsyEPwEgzF2qAtYBpdAeZh4hB3zrOMHYGNqcIJ4GNEqIJqCCG4TBKJA1FKURApJehUJVWoV/5a/offOPmexRZv+4l1Lfsizj/nmO+d85ztnIO1+OPmzlAZw+wxJ0l7O7MJ1kc66d9w/crUpqOV5DmlqmLG/FJGvsGddvarA1/qBgFKVrtLBgFhxsE1RLNl3x/3H+8Pq+RUSpvE0gRGcHvs8hQG8+MdLSL84WIh6EAZYHk35J+5rhhWNWy6o1peWC76tNV2qCl+ZXeL9Do/H5HB5vNqQPQIQpYKWg2ViWWetSuUMTfhH7luweuaTHApU84GWeN3XTi5LWQBXT+4tQMkI9Vaoi0v7jMz69EmWRj87geinwOKtgu9IsSmDSgbPzrA8L3EcQUijEoF+yrzB7KHDKEJFqT2NILzcqwab5p7Q4YSa2OVg/uH39Gp68OuPUhXAlWNn3TSUnVBLf/3ffUYaLTZNZKB+lVTbWn3CkWK7nnwQeFge73ewDOONhrDXxJgNPMHJViZsxlBqbWdILC+BCuqnLVeGgtqLWmMIEmHNiXhvAmT+zLEUBfA3w27UV6UBrQ27MTXSnUtqp5XnMKPobQ+J86UmHXx41CtxvNlEx9c7uPhWh5cxEOi/WsOsqC2Dgu/EvgxouTL1AUYQ2NPkGP9gzFrw0uThyfUpCeCWDW7cVWnimZ5rqJ7r4xh0YsDgMFHqukYxdPpMBtRNKA3awobeJNAVEcxPvMaAK4ZiL10lriqhCoY+8F9/FNS8LM4LovEbITRL0LT75thPUhDA9R/3kcCD+3o6u+lxw9SNoM3jYCCwEnbF1RwSG1tUKhE+Ruacnlede+6VrQ47K3GsFyIF9LLK5+vc7971D/9xDUHAopCNxm/kcN6J0uCDX6UegDvHHqIC4sjDFsAuVCz7c4w0wpNxSlD9Q6sQaq9XdfAReEsD/FdjTQBMvNYBUrB0rXikNv3QhP/6fSwuIePIlXn9q3BmJGZmjqYcgB/dTkeXXzuZ7Pvj4+/nhLP6KEeqlSvEFesSkx/IlYi8RWxmbrEhHJ5jwoxNjWJhJUZwQpvdQWZU1isidNFcNHnq43dSDMA/7TEaActp9cNoeaRFGDo/J0F4S0NCa1ci/bwyxy664bHYXBi4ZA4JF6W3SgiVpnc8ft9mxBDKRHJXArQ0uPu3b6QUgDvHuvNpO7r2dPahu01GiyWCn0x5/u0LtNsTsx+rzcT/980E4CFkL6Bgsy/wFhXMthlpI8p/KIqTEIQ87kg2HE0pAH//DVaA6IPbsi74n1giZ2wgKFOnEKpJCF/gktI8P3I7C88xWQCVmoDvMkXuevwkiPULktR2/XF2hwkH8ecpBODqsUukFjrG7Dn/+JXsqFEMTVXi2uI1DEygHwt+/G6MRkKoFpcJ7e4r1dXf/UXrVAxEUhDnoRdxD3+YQgDu+NKNKjCSFDlXG6b6c6LZPCu3SlzVUuRxxExQnvD+n+ttLJJGRcUhX7N7tmF8KBiWLtakIEaxQNJ71qcMgLdmCmjgtEI6eK+6+m4YP9rruORC+LWpmpoB4QEa/xp4kKp7zVYHajZYxMGQr8aMSnGTLYw6C/U1GzUkBWfPL0sRADdu684HJkQdy/2RhtlgeDcISAbYKc63qeEeFSGIvhsWg0br3Ez4VpsBlmVyoz7CwmHMWWFRSSBQ0nG84WowApje6IcGGcnpDbdSBMCjf0M9sIQ0hvHQp49pY2RlgFfahbUtajScGZJxMHAR4tkZA9IjEr7VZsDqlCWCS3OypkVBlGWIX7ytv2FkyBJZNErOBAzI7962MSUA3Dm2lwRmlMiDFpsxElN0rkOp8YUqM+Ly1uowwYWXdlnZIVvNHs1CwDfaINiwvxVulBdEnJeXG3qErb1zs4di10sfxAz6PO5/HUsJALd8na5d8WB/RNxqDPBWhgIlakJQjbJwoWVTs6Td8xAjGxePaZNB4qyeBTPiwACVWydW2YLoK3w8Z9YdhyOC3Pu7VABw89gpJGFkgBLg+FB2dOfHsG9eaE7AL8+R92oE411dKcmO0bkxwGVdcLFaslolpbZQqFHpR7tsEYrbk7YHaTLr+fnVmZlvHNu+eSkDePQpljAeMmvCf6EpUkBMRH2deMIel38mFL+epEyP52u8K2w6a+sd+EEthzDpIG65Kwl5wgmBzBcVByo2Xa1+khOtG/onSizZd+37rzZnbjn57odLGMCN285RgJVAzo2G4x2WWABfFreeURJ6A1yF9QiCPIfkCs/Yi+y9+1oqS0pKiivbvtgPi1QK6HF22gGd5N/TBKv2iIP91eMdEdoT+iBGFMzv/uGXmZknD/z0F0sYwIsbEAEJxjI00nAvJ9puGCoDZS3xAAZ4XhZVM9GlKm3HGSgZ9tqSnrr5kA/vdwi+QKh88HJxF6XzDmlnIvSSMywqHZ7ecqHmgn8uh16oEkPCTNJ3vl+ZuePAO0sZwB1n8wEj4Rb4gi1aQaQz5UJzRkLRjJTIOAfDg0mo0m3tR0KC6KtY0dhadfBg1WDjfJkgCmtbS7tURaeeY4uGUf8UXQ6lMlA4PRWlIOo/tLsRC9Dv+eluMk8+9c/bP3xy8e1tJ3+9dAFc/R6J0g2T3XE9Ismwh2DoEetMUOcvxdSMVkmwzY/g219SFxKF+RNvrautpxTtAZ/VVjbXVQhCYU8bpSSQMDpMJ2J6BUknqkrsnPDPRpjvctA0eXP4Zj5Ndg8PHybTDu/ePXz+zcwDby9bugB+cs1Ne1Ds2DoiFgLq4ZZXouweP3mvw5Ow1awhyEt2BF9NuSDM91T2KqoSX1GQKFWFL0taQ2Koqi0hkHETDBLmR5pvZa6tCO3+6/FwIdZ8LPL2N89vFqTPTF7rI1mnO92zZ+WSljE7tx0m0ecmg5bsYPS01sh1YkIAQynRf8EcRCyiFbqkXPAdKe1NnrFz4Wk6ten0WjyGUkFiE0xKOr1s5/7eLrY+nj1ki14qO+3+8+R0gfv28z3nKDv+89tjSxrAA7iEOIwdc49sMcKtqRG27ocJczK9eHE5BlgyY5M2JHap1CJuDFDUl6fLxBXF8Q0Q4OUG9LYLYJafWRVY547Kd2i1ku6nLwrc+WT6txvSAc+C/Ic7ljSA735ZAMxyzqx/IhrAwPBs3lesJgRwsoHlGPDAmgpxRakriXwg5saAMA3bBoXA6dx4MiBGzUnP4D3N4okCjfxGN/bEc2a+mu67c3P6zuQDN437OfK9N5cwgCv39JFAru8Yr+4PxgiIoirBgeaTHRiChc+qBF+nbkiMh+cms4Hn00Zl3soyXoD/qdA1ZcJgVxRBwmpP0uK0XXq5KnTnwg387me786Hz57dfvDg33T399Bp2NTgTcD/YvoQBvIW6EK8jiAgYi6K8L1BQxQlociRtofG8WtsoFhYr/2Hm6oOaOPPwLNl1XfMJWQIhJQGyEWPIh4EV+SwGmwuHojRqa1EUlVOsn1GpGaB+wB3IlKlGpEgPFSveDDpX/Bh7qAXqZ1Q4HU+v3akyatvDuZ431+ldrzd3c3fvLmT3XUqnfziO2b92WbLZPPu+v+d5fr/fvpio1V6rUiIqqVwmq5Zp5TqNEpGyLeVManEmWTrLGNIvgIOSxlSQtIfUT4PfNumph3sHArZIpUQiQW1Wm4TiZoOOQJs/nhy+AL7dYiPkiRW1wgAkPF+SdYKRIDTiDD4hRVKLh8kdhbBhY8u+WXLzSH+HcqQzS8a93k/g/mVuMnOWf8S/cUwifiCTsl7L+Pe3rvs0OtBUD8KeuAM4Ukko0IaUsAXw9fVVYAb3d9kHJ4U0tPmW01FshP3UGIvvL3Sq63w3hcwCYVIlSIVlAPhsDPt6P1vH9NWQpWAWR+iYkSegET8RuafO0h7soKwDW9cekBBycZkdicSpP+4KWwBfYTlYqdhjD6XxgcGdR84XRB0xxp8C3VHsVG+JxPDIUQQJXCeuciqhsBijQUyE0ecm3b6skH5hIsakxTzplqfB1pamht6GXlYSmEVvgukI2/H9YQvgxg8oQhaLbj8TEmI4UZ1pyREiYMyYAQiU7zC5ha0Sj/piIlKpMvx4cxGhBY7P+G4pmSdlhHoHa0koCfhKVCKxEfE3hv/2l9qT5U3eTw8CV6QSqU7Aw+jB9VPCFcCV5TZww3FxtIIvbeRbigQTx4h+DSvb1hSRdUlYyJMQjHwsrY6pyhGGWI3BvzDbMmMCLCxRtL6hCUWbDnhvY3jWYsvXrrZoVMKtxiUTT3FlEk55fxemAL683qQgIiouKKC8s1udL5gQ85hKBWLKI3f4jLyilkmVST/ZnaVTmqT5Fucmo5BmAbM/8CBgswX+tLYJZeLTHd+fqeCFvFI0h2O1BFV/NEwB3Hwd+OA7Hfs6QmlA3FiYUbAME+BMZMTxPl/tnGUUXF1jNf7TSz8x8kaVMY/MEyIry8Q93QEbusHb/YWVMN9wZv8WgyGDvzORsT2jGXl+AB4FIVAbO2g/w2sYYE3zoBQK4EB4yyrOcKRBWS6pEprAih8trMciyptDTkeOEdZGPd3HKRTtqfrDQZTx1KjTJXwUkYvssokNgstXhyeAvzpuYy627autiOJJr1QNubhIRCw4ImrIVX74FUE8ieViBTv7oqKi6Gi2QPQDACN0KBCPS0g3KhnN9AF5p1/714bbn/Z5u71WQCvznngvleh57yge0WacOvBqWAKYfAyowItH7JeihRnsyPVBeUCx9QcTOHMNJurjA3FwWjReqYgqad3Ter7jcOUPAWTzL4zK48t1/OdeC4Zbm++esjIabV9LS1Pz1pYADojjZloGYBGa/0QMPIcRGUE93BmWAKY0sC2pg3PO8rfun0dugYZYhKgEIrs1bElLhTtJ2Wbg081dg3vm0ttdc+bY7a7atjilYkz9iLuGklmi/qb7gASdu5fN98kQG0WhVpRbBhPHbhQ8CvJeiEmEqZ/RyQnq1LmwBPDXVyjidJ9Q1AFzCQQjAcAkpbjb4ktyvmDgGCkYWQq68kit3V5bEle5bdvZrvOdnSVXI8xxUBkT0Y2+v5C1KXtmvZeybhiQXDkpYbMEMM0U7Q120eMGQfbIWr4yLAF8o5ci+u/XtvIcjA1lFwxh+PjRnAEerxDOchlwxaSznXbXYNd2AkBJR0efflweEXH/s/sX5aEMGBIKAoxOm2f53ttDNQ1IroPv1enga6N53wUv0wJvwA8OBGLF1uXJ4Qjgh7fBD5FWlvBzzp+mdsMJd5EnMIMBiMFdpASur+y0D27DT3NTndAqEflVA33J/k7bxYREDkJEZ6P0LG9I9GZPuuOrB4GHTQ3egXLrGH7yz/sueJ4H0IDAStCAGPCohrfCEcD9fVYmsT+KV7D4hEMnFsG1TBP0O7CEYdjjmZQjL2J3zKUVXOeROZZ9GR0MxQ2t9s4SPbekDpJo66uvQtHm+t4mTHuj4Mmfjwe2VrFFI85hCNtL6cAN04LKkYnVO/Air4QjgICE9c2HKxXC8og1sIgRDwTjDHWR0GAATD69vWOuYsQEAi6WJ0gJbtlo/M7cz+ytUWgSoovV2ZoHvN245MoAgHGS0m0p7LGhKFe2JERMYSz+avmZKJg3oKEPxjd1b10YAjhlPY7THa6P+CfPrHFmb8LGV4EEM5/Mhzr1ExSVg/YOnji1jVKj34gbGL8RoS/sdh2OIwyN1QxV7+0ZaJbUD3SXY0T8YnKJX+B0uJEDWzZ9Zj8sn6BzLClT9dfCEMCUA1Y87pK9Q1CBxY5SIbMi5hBsUzYMriyCaR19V2ak8yPeM5S+qsZdt6hYg0V/ZL9Eg/inkUt6rwMAKVTS20ARQMjkQTEAfjzYGmeBYObE4IIwDXTMb8IQwFe90fqD77sO8yMwNV2dh+HjT6QJ6er5QhMWo+rvmPPOJ7zwiI33HSpQkxaH+oRj/ibqwvmzekTHmBP0fQMn954KBE6tv0fhxjSLG+qZgYMg4/vm6X1o7GtEBkjH2AJvhyGAm7+gokp27+ZVIODCE3A5WAWbeuMWMh8S0XfadrvO8klYmac4k5zuXpJTmHbISebOeommWf1CaBHr7bvNgb7AlXoTihtvOUpjhCgaC6l0pv8f9j30+KOTHY/oMwnB5wXgunsUfdj1Pp8FILA8WEaLqhNMTKbjNSHLcPXxoF2QHYQnrUDtLjZ7zEZ/6pCb3BETfYfTf8CGURIrVyEChgOblZG7Rgh0OigxzQIosDBuRuBWwUgNoX+mTsvnBeDOk5LoLrsgoxlDEVwNwTVQKgZbmJE7W/jxMY/Pdwojl8lxqldF+kf6B403Si3plz/nGg0JuYgphrKH30WFVI4OBvAu9ECAcjGLAMTRquXhAGAykPPJbGLo9YkTJ0+eeK2eorv2HeE5hJk9M2MIG/9XAIldx8A0qa/g1Q+WWEQuZjBOzWgZNuXw32DnSKemCTaDYwDUwk0y/W/bBScCRm6SKKGF4wePjbabg1tf8KIATP7wwe9T2ttXrF5Z9saCN99csOIDiqhqhoBYVuAUUjGcA4CswolFqRC/9OsF+e1fQpb6sFCOmvGkP/lf8AjNi2CIyDMyoVSPLBaOgf+yd9FQNw6spM1ZAMRjXFlkysqyXZvb170gACe/XJay7pfr3tu5H+y0t68+upYi5NO41U65zbhwemkkwx8aEJwQzrHhkT/SX75coQ8dYL5MS1rqyD4gXnnj3x8FOyuiRv7ALlImXN9SZBCunxQhnEJ9/wxuo/lDRmMSzjGy6iTC8DHXowVufenRpddeWAxcmvKzsrJzG1eAnalTJ25ce1r2+HG8LLSZcxxuLX8kk1dDB7IdlhxTaH92yW7XJ/38x9LURXL+/3R5j1zB2rbQWUQlXMKcZqkxw9cX9mOQ974+flU4TtBBH8ufOcMs3zuVS6EfBbf+8+QXFgPLUjae+0XZrpVvlU3haprTVBs2ZKlCmxRIPRW0NUL7CbnTb3lCBxc/nzMonJLm/Z+5q49p4zzjcnbHcWBs7Ds7GNc2+OxklgW2MDa2MRkG1zWBEFgphAVYkjZjcTOiRDTNqaDSNKsESyFq6Ackyke3pFvKOnXLmmqkVdPQLYOtSFP/yKt9aJkaueoiddMqTev2x+5s393zOs5aiaE6f/l0js/+8b7P83u+fi/bZZKvEvFbxxdn35Uux6qUN5q6mIFS5dI4prxOLLfVLYPHjanA5w8sDJoqfpPOJvzwu5mv/iUB+MofX7z/xW/+aseju9OlfmELo7IyJP/z1TPNnHJJqSj5NZmMRmbke4ZFz8sG+Z6t093NSxd04+onB96plW9Wm5QP5EfZYJFy6TQqr7mD3i065ZIwOsG9UabB58ps4W8/s/upL9MLF4tuuFg6v00sKcGos6iBHeBgGgna/7aUTOE0Jae2KeELuSsakXw3LcRvZIVdUdSBeRXUMQSpJK3eoDiR+z65HSeovE4E0T3uJt55MdunuqmAeKBAY8SiofxVfcGFYY7KS2PIWESpleh3Hp+cVZKwsVBKKoTahPiN0mbYTDZGBrFMnzfcgai8Xrjy+raP/VTeamCGnZ65uKPwiPTR17+CkTEBwGkeVoOcEECFgfjnt134ixUAGB4jpfwzEovMRttHAAAYjElEQVRKMoJYl4Gvix3g8VS9XBHdfuHOfn/+vx3auCUU4x7bs6nwABRCOVqNAzgMfyEojuWswCuXNsA0zZblTAY/jZ9YlZMQhDVyYQfDhKw4CiA/uvLayb/W30flpaBopq0tST5biKHc6fcyPbSYDQTkttyiAPhaW1QpaFoNfiWVQiS3hFYTSKl/aDOMWoAOm5zh691hmOajQa7CcOnGLRhEwmQC1x0YspOzbxUggPc/aMC+qhCuNYN0E0xnoZloROn40BsqQbkExZmmhIWW60daSkZQq6QjkC3OdK3kZOrlDzzh+exdBOtINB5E1j73aAECuHWuhnIBAIvEr0pT+fLCYjJGHhyxXjt/rkPJEvD97NmVKrvRjIuPCVEdHAHmG9ypZdgUDJ6sf/LknU+tNJU3oVo0uHCWX1theL0AfH9Eg5lrrt0bt0E3CTwAKUQiEoD+855FvzKbyrW7wx2WKRltqUPVNTUGU85hZtAJdzD49Mpr/9wNEpF4LpwbZlt9ju8/XIAAbt7zGEGBvAfXGwpvRHnXCCXEwq0ygJc91w2N8h5Guk6moVQlb9fsCqTM2iplpkGAIT5mw3qtwfr+ZedHmH8xK4MBNIoLvmdtvR3rVpV7ZC+ByhUzlZONwawU38UOr2Tf6T/iOVELWlf5IBPeQKrFkVZaciK0cEk5ZQR9De5IewLr1QTpWkdfIJpEGI8G1rdOsL6OX79ZiAD+6AUH5ik6oqEYSeXN6QumfFyiHf75llPbCaN8UyAoTBePbGZttdolDtpQzjKVShyFlfhgUXvEHUxgrazAexGXP/6oeYXOTwMFu9KpQ7VzWwsRwIfFUEQxN4jqBD18uCkie0OpZSRHIsd3VgKKkqgPBJp8FHIJG1lVMbVBpcpK7Wd8MeXrrmOmLVj3Pfjsyp2Td24HIYO3Q2rQujDAE2f27ChEAH8sMOmNMOJtZrAfAgrDtC7sbco2vGi2i7EwKpeMmMrMdzHRvqK0/IlOPaZWDrFJr8Gipjpm1I73aoIdbFi6cSsFM+G0BThhbpRp9dWsiQauH4APzDlwHtO18CGfM6Qh/5ABdlCyaP4rojS3q0on9Q8hapSNtvuyPBBbaXajpTXEDNhzBsZ08voV1nPL7VGENbQp70W6IW8753ihMDUTHhIH5QBIfAPTU0Jj3hCBe+OyaSoRtX0zM0e2NH8mO5qZSBBxd7X4Il+sx+09i0yqXIE7eQFeuXEr0AQpNg3aErm+QCqJHK9/oyABLH5+bw0cy+C6vXi0Bbia4KIjqxKeGquoBI3MRmTLxL8UaZ92u4/1iurmCoCI45ODdWxbkHdi0zPpCVCZA0623J7A9TpAmz7fygr+ZW29ResI4Cv7HXQp8CLJaGgVm/8Fv5s8xrQmspfWnZeOVKalFFQS4IhriLKhgXY7n+AIMSdK8jzV259ivc2xRKk2RxlLtp8CK7/xc3fQSef/s1Fcjygto1nb1Pr6AfidDxyQTyA0zgQ5Kj+jFfZwXIrNBCp906qh0v1D8n/md02HWG/n2WBv8lDHoWRvff9EgPWON5GcZaoaH+4CGjualbf/NjRWAh8K+rbImbrAKrdGH7KOAD4+QhCUVqHLvn72QxhvAVsvLM+Ut7sxs1REwz9fKfqPigplUITkY/1h94I7EEmFU5GA8Co60E7xSK0tw1TfwQiyprK2Y8jdis/jQf5ez3SakGP/LwoUwE1vzdbQGF12TyTQPew5f5YdOJPdXf5s/xVNYwdbcHxHe9d4uC4SitSFe7qakhyHUFmVjrBDBJWJV41m6XIrM1HlzFUdUyJItn+Fcrx3ukABLP7JTx1wvpTcFWlbJeCvMSn2iIuFQrFEZnvpr06enE/3v6QlQUEOjOeN9pmDsYMzdlG8g6adG4yutOYRQLBKqngYLm/7x7/d9XiMB8wGuasu1E4S1Mi3ChXA0+mBdcwItuIKCaCbXqCCwytZt+Jf9Nw0E1lVVPygKS1CJEmm+0DEE5gyiNMuGUFUXS3HhJMtnzHHGi33eqJod0tRzd61mcD1BPBrI2cIGNb7BplmfD2YFIbB9YYCfc7MBtM/OXnyml56DybQppVHXV2lVeXSn4OWMgvIIr3Bv/PCjX8FIquN1D12ME32MIMra541XNeR/2derRV1CWDlbNmVqyQpL4hp9hiZ1Yv93e+PKH1xVJlKVaajkJKNQbRNXSGexAf1ZkQEs2L9Ihfa91vPzb8zg3iSAVUAXtobahNoVe3cA4UL4NE/O+A8DdrY6a7HlEngiiB3Rd0NRWm9WJXZ77dW6hUI1dVaVXmZWudyal1Oncls1BrLbChHb0b4ZJessyg4ogufMvHqRhqn2ErWUHBbzSZEPHvxocIF8PERihCn0UDtcbTRlaOhJt8tCjJbZpDgA8Qz5zSHl86DjjRE6crMFSqjakqlUpWXql13qS6mczOqbDRjtVqvvvQfb6S3UY27EJABmol6613UWknMOgvvPPJqDZ62CkSXLbkyfkrCq4cdJZ3atJhv5bkWpctXVv2kbFobOJ0FR9CllQ6x0R8+bHX0tQkxCC6dSgFVFOHPFReWf83c1wsZwKc+cMBtQ9NxJpjAA3+zEkdwsTp3sKhqKr1qrC9vmzxnoD534Bqmmqcyy9m/78TNfTNhdrgEG0/HWlqRboJptSDiwMXNhQzg+4IfhoabDzLjFTli72Cqmm9wR5qcujQn0VgXPcfvRvCeANI2lTnDZgxXT3menh1n4xsbcx+lg4XkIcGhOd7+QXEhA5gWzwLhOyFEbO2NOVoxsMNlmkn9ic+cJ2Utue6ZfEP/BQFMy3iLvpjwH3nac+pqMxt+zVKRo+oDMht2YQEKlIoY2VrYAL45J0rHKN1QfD87WopnP6HGM6oaZyeSnK1CPBtdv/26Z1Gv0XwRADNH4Ioy5k8stXhe2jfApnpXcrJcNnAthMFDY2q69rnniwsbwM0XZwkE3UgsFIk15pxPoWjlqEwznez4IS59UJ+A4OV9Vivl/1wARQHLNCm0Ej/7Q0vLknqUqevmcvXfwQxsZgFSlOPB0wUOYPFRUYYbxPPcKDttMaOcBGj2pwr8hTsYZseTHK0WFXc0fqt+/sQ5g/5/ApjR3xHNpv/wdsK29MY7x9hoN28szX2KDdZKh8ZMtPXA/0ENfp0B/Or3nrDS0NP2BSIx43+5u/qnpq40PBeT3HNIbu7FXEJChMTcpDUNSJaEzwaBgqgQDLDKh0pE7YgfdZUPV+9gF6agoggu1ZGuotYWBrRrq67UTLuzu+101tl17M643XXvdMrs7A/l39hzbgicmwX8Yets797fvBPD8PCe9zzv+57zPAkaa2kyvYj178XKYr6qTcSaT1hdLP3znEuPDqZmLg+glEZRN2T4kh9O3krXrKnv4+ea/FwCg4EWoo1wcYO3AAfg88fgxw4gmLiPmAxBJ1AItrsTLFKwQge0z3s2i5URPtIoQujkWAaVZI8u5UzeWRCPYhOjzxlzYDKmhj99WpvzXrKuZgMfqfTrqYQPWsmzXDf5tzk91PT8EAZzLxvAr4eOa8j0g0rQosrNCbKLUE/Zqfg7oa2Kzw2IEtoSLKzemPr+P2rRtppulC8PK4dKtMHs0NMaIypcHl6rzem/E9a05pu2/dnDJPoAeQgKg/sWNSgRu+5PgB8/gGDqrAttgAtZEArtfJmUIJSIiqzzBMahbpPvJtb2hCkcy/3B/em1/oOrw1+EUYWcRFR3BhtrthrTU/PCdPpv38iZvHVw1ccD6H86pVOnEvCTDZ2IiqcdUYHM4z+IVe5LB/C1oeOZio24I9db4qESlT8dxCVUrYTiqEpWOYa0lUv6cvgLY977lyYfndzJpmugJn115h9/Ykui9O7U9HDvw8+f9qaHv7rzc1cmdocMCFrG4VCqqSoGn7oKRDbRT3P97hhQA4Dg2H2s25dGtgW3hhJ8jiibZt4JM/YL62oifFFLJ9ZRxaHGPGOffdtfm1N77toHx5l/XT569Ojw8M7kzPCt9yYv1eZghcw815r6bSZvWYco6R0ejwJB6HEQndvKLd6AnsEZsFQdAJYO9cQcWRa7WqY6UcHS8P6h1LoTD43k88Xzdq9YbsKd1nPyq6fnaq9xX169dO5Cf/85rCdzIeeNC7/84GpYEmSH3A0FkoCdrWSdBeL7KUaxgLvdlES7/vYYqANA8Pgbl0JvW8ReBE8W02CMv8hS2sShS7GmymTqKwjF/ZphZl5q8s5vT2bnXe2/cA49k73pxjsPrx7MTM1bIzS2B/lgy0VRssfE9Ikuf9ySMn4m1bSh7XUDnX15qFktAGJXKtrJ2omSl+8L3XAo8ZMbUqQ3umgviJhMkYrZRTVzY+YzVJckh3f29vbuPJhM01iRTNCFSgbmXcIRAWfiXxb/c0gkpRFr8n2BDA57Gx4BagEQdA2uV5S8ms4I3+KP6cUi/rfAaRZKsvgQLlS41ctv6Zb19KVFHmhcjZ9M2aZedNa3RLx8sL1REDD7NhBioEwssFlSwKPY1PIEvVh/5fQr6gEQnHnLpZx/1OAzfxbs3IjwUxyYcZBBKIlpgW1FvGmuu6ARTzIFzcIVOK0g6gR6NjAS8fHeSGuHINCx+o/cOhhIjEnkBDjAv+3EfkruoU1ARQBmzaB9hOxbiXWmuQ4BrV07pSxZJdmJhYRQW1nXl8/zRcVlrYH62VMpTjt6UkJtTYGK7q1YzKN4pAYnShjrQCh61A5G4yReYre0uVnc5XL9cwqoCUDwDvYHJ/tWKBSq0iTKlljyy9aXr5PSqVDrtzdWlM35TL82+YK5xVurqvr6isuD+fjfW96uq+nEy1t2YLLDxC6/gyHtvERsxfYEFSnrf7+3WV0AgjcfoEVsXmQTWLy4XbCfZ6UlmlMIC49C2k3wazubCloG+sqDRfk+9BQFcyMDI4X1h2g/To4QT4+d/zkpgQqDZl0g31uI+ZPGfm8jUBmAJ2aGNZD0XhHrg97WzXqzbUk7ORu7NkUxOoKI6SGOEvpLZVNNTX1948edTkn0Cxr50hzNsOYl3NFwf5VhF6iRWL8F8U/M4F3Pp4DaAHxl+lfZRphBpkEcD36asi1paOjRozo30WUdSpI55g2ET3fMkxTotDmWhI+WcId/gc2ITXP8Lq3sb33l+nbVAQjA7furECVbnI9Aoc5bVOKnLeYlDa2xqaGDM9AJyLAJk04nQy1nbwitmNPE2YzYOMeXOfHZwezh0WqgQgCb977roqElXgNDuzmjxRQs0UGyCFb2+tyMhbUwCi/XxbMxEm032Ch27TIGm7JEN1xgM2LjBn4gJGFza83gNFAjgGDT6HA29vqNgYH4n1ZqxwhK1uV8XfERIivHskk2q9ODJ+qyOSn6rMdtYDgzm6RPo5f1yeXM9sWaxI/w2xZ6gss71/NPgDoBBHfvuTV4ACKjhfmzRGME/ZKBXdZZGDdj3AY9x1IUZcaKGxxnMVMUxjSFXt6rGW0fhNmzZ3NJLsJPwPnW9dbYdrUCCPb91GWc92lwyHuHBiIEA6LkMa/oDS57sKCoy7Ayp6xWQ4p72fMd8c8zDlJ8zF9QZOoOCZa1KP4+mtkPVAsgOPx3xKcNKBHFQ06iR0y+CkGC+he50893tdiVHcLn1yxlJo4Ga7QVPu8uRsBjpvVHRzcBFQPYfPqsC9e7i2bgkrbV570JtdBpTvK8EJoXmdTPD1gcDCnPGmr3+lols8NC09k9M11AzQCCdXsfrKLpU+eJ+l5E62vgoojPQ+tp+F8DCN2UmfxLiJVVfLBA1HLnGai5cW8aqBtAsH/misuhNziIu9diSTlfXK+ToJtjmRctUPZF8FlYMhdohUA5H2nyS5wF7V7hwR1A7QCCrJkHv5GgwpFeh4KkCN+Fwy5JhpUhXBFAyZPgwCR2jvhMZYdE2sJBaHQM7gPqBxBUz1xZhbt0RKAIaSNeb9msTsJnfleGcHkAIYbPRjZktCIeTbXSgtzz1oQHJ8D/A4A4Bl2YqBFzOS2+C1deoEVBCDMoirEvS4+XPd4GDWtZG5n8JPFQSz7f1yRqU/Cen338pcTf/wJAcGLvh6uwbSNxkQuKswMoCCvxeQRosOBezNIYLn06C9oZM8UoajpBChTz+S0hEdGmDMRfeu7tAKoFcP/djaB0PAqa705ngYZqUDp236Wh4VoHcXVOKxXm8sG6ThlCj56ibIalyrQlDhehcs/CcsqFrxWbBrymqnpRks2eadfl0SPg67tRkDV+AFQfudu8PXpARQAe+WT3dPT29ccN3++rzrp+uhQ0n/kTnY2JC9EulnQdu3x8cYFs6orNHykWN2OklbsxdIqecnBWewJ8le1FfHmhXYAeMy6JXe+ORgFomDg9Mf19Fxgbe2f7jt0TqlrCU1MA7Lid9dex6IHDn+Fa9NhgDypKnCxHk5lQHgUHYr64ktyMMduYFNxFgErdmFhxZ9Bb5EhVtl4FsWMkyBe1t+nwbo/Sn8b14ZDcwIqO7QNnxsHtPb9YFx0bVxOA49fXgY17T4BXo3vir6ZHP0KFMc0pBkGiszCCIQzFnJlRbjMwHMUmcTbGanB77NiKzm73pBgYxmYxsxZbhjNhnUuitgmbX3c3Clpol7892/jNm+vkn9lw+DNwpgu8uv3MY3XlwCPfjZdGv5t+rbpr4vrCy4ahszgRJswxdaHCYpMp0to2P03HoeYxMHobR8kPvmjDUrLJsJtObChIgj+lZEC2XxcELM+D49t1+WdTsRFwQ/TY6RN7ptZFu3ZPqwvA6cO3/93e+b20kUVxHJf8uCEJiZswKoFWzcSYxglBpaYuqRabuv4gqPE3xp+JLs0PW1ORwW3YFIyyooXSKILoQ0vSkC4pghAKuk8ifSl92GWZh4rgwz7uv7D33tFFbRfqQpPRvQfykBkmnPnke+8959w7czOhaHq9OZ04VQqpi7qmaTyZflqEnGQKz6ZPtLRKTvb/lvGbiVw3mQzFJr4w+GlNgRNLuLtufGmPGOIz4d8V0VvbJ43VkXxQvh71NQfCkbLLBfDfrB/mdUiEqkLDmQAOy8g82NeTL9GLvygO5PQS2UPbY3hVLRQvxAcHKKRsevrd3MzXvYlcAgSN8T0sQuXZFAJ2ZN1ovYbVuWx/qmfZ09tcfA4ey7b2uO/d0mgqH9lR9wlbbx5ViuS3sr3/te8hpwCBcYwXoankXClGzxa0TNw2azV3Ot32A/iV1YvRcKE6HcSI8eH77Q31tVatprLTBmnjSJzCTzjSs0erjeBqA4Qi3HFNIoSlapX8zMoCKKyplj6oK62myfnIXd0+XACRfceyrAR+9JBnwXC3vWHgpzsQs7V2oHpYj5e0okSmCP4ZFubF9n4ZuPIAAYhs725AhFypulhn4s4yrJLerVm+V2nWvNZam/4cfFw/sNnX5na3bU4MdDpvV6LlHeZbzgFb9xSLIx8YgFMYH0OnFnwz2XA/9wBBeWLRL0UIDbricykZHFvZKunTdttmvbPyptWs0WhfI9NqNWbrzabBzmVby0EByy9+k6E3vOFiDkN7XfFMdrwXAEAAKsJvtq4hhNfR4/3n58lRX1clzp866LHXuBvcbVCDDbaa6vaH91u5KjhOcyer9tUqdT7GN7k3+qoM/I8AwiA3GvSbUF8ogxgo5WeeSMdLAtnvq45NgkYV7p9AET3zkKdEnaiF9h6NPunKmucCAQhHk/Cb+VmaOZZSnhylwF9SzsKpirqYwsIV0ZaUKx7pyqLfggEIG3Ji8Tcv2i5TxhdjCnEd4awWP6nGmBQ6mBTzkrXQ0/4Fz3p2vRYQQDicRHYW5pdoxJCTGYpKKBVVolSYpMfJ2/G8MErsUGaXXyQvhJjlBYi4iKFNz44W0x3Z9llQAFFLTsRd/iULzYj498MoocDyKEqtUyrRHjg/KhRFSqVcV0jBw2pUjZHhlktvpA6D0UBd9h0WGkAAuhzp+Nq8d4PGEBEfVL+S60rUkNrPVKFardMpFQoDf04E4TFLH/aCsSczOXFXeAARw8YxT9D1wjtN07RFxGOU8Rvh8Fvb4GLMNQaelk6uHC7Ek7+M58pXQQJEW8vUZR7Egmt/+FOTBpo3C8N8+w3DWCz8V2bWu7LrCu6EI81dOXRVmACPrbf5VcK3E1x79/uu/8NKyut9/tdz76/PVrbmD/dcwXgs2e94b8yxj4IGeIIxE+hPpJO+mMez4/FEw8m3Y5FQx7hREN5dAoDCNgKQACQACUACUPAAe0PrXb2BQMj4PjAOKhwE4IVT5GTU98NY8mP5UHSoLjrqIAAvbB1DAOy/7VgFq46x2AwBeFGrGOoAxpHm0ByYWxeUY5cEYMXHlxUgNARujERGbhCA/6EPjKX7QQZ2fZlwhozCJIwhRgASgAQgAUiMACQACUACkAAkAAlAAvBqAPwbT7/hukovjFMAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Polar Legend

![Composing Custom
Legends](data:image/png;base64,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)

Composing Custom Legends

![Legend using pre-defined
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legend using pre-defined labels

![Legend
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legend Demo

![Mathtext](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mathtext

![Rendering math equations using
TeX](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABuVBMVEVHcEx/f3/o6Oh4eHiIiIjS0tLd3d3////29vZxcXH//v/+/v78/f47iL5Ai783hrz09PRLksP4+/3/mZnO4u/j7vb8/Pz1+fxSlsVGj8Hw8PDB2uszg7vs7OxYmsfh4eG71ujZ6PPr8/n/9vZ2rNHMy8v/8fH/0tKQkJDb29vAwMD5+fm1tbWWwNzJ3u3n5+dwqM+9vb3o8ffy8vLl5eWlyOHW1tb/1dWszeSexN+Eg4Oenp7e6/S6urr/+flqpc18sNNmosz/wMD/7e2UlJRencny9/vU5fH/6emwsLD/UVH/3d2MudmCs9Vqamr/4+OGttfu9frPzc3/2NhlZWXZ2dmRvNqZmZmLi4t0dHRhn8v/zMzDw8Ourq7/Xl5PT0/Q0NCx0OWHh4dXV1f/V1f//f3/tLT/jIy10uZdXV16enrIyMj/Nzf/aGj/lZX/g4N+fn7/cHD/urr/SEj/oKD/xsalpaXR0dFubm7/Pz//BAT/rq5HR0ekpKShoaE5OTn/fX2qqqqsrKz/p6f/dnYkJCT/j4+oqKjExMTGxsb/KCj/Fxf/kZF9fX3VdHTXRETTuLjUkpLTiIj+7ckRAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAFsdJREFUeNrsm4tb0uofwE9afpW7IAjIRZ0CKponVEpzJlMjUMnIvGCUHS6eHi5xy5BzytJHTe38Ln/x2cCUdMA2t1k8+/qIG5u8vJ997+/222+CCCKIIIIIwlRAkGuJAFAAKAAUAAoABREACgCZSziXcEIg7RMAMhSf1R8/dVqcCPlhp1UAWAMgBq6YG3xu8sMIIkIQBBUAVhQsEEhHUpEcKSORb8+dTu3vOgWAVQh6EfAFKliwO+mzuFyIYMLMrNuLWg8Qb0TlFgAyEFSVy0X8BUvOGnEKACtZr9dpJcTpdPq9pUwGcRbFB6pdzGXl+Av86gAjOyfRBC6n0WQqf7JTxOVWFSUNnqzXIuSBNZLo+I7qPF+xBvd/OBh3AuKtP4BoQZUlhFCOtAt/CURKLMIXepUV4cculxZohESfLLEd18Ve9of/ce1ZA2Vv5Kz1ATCcPY2e7CYSBI3IsRewWKH4fvL0/BQPAcUTuezvMiTqJArsHGMXjH9EjLnLc8NUtG5M2BL7jiLpCadSZwnbRaoRDAVFEEpfBughLXcTO3Fqo+6e1g1Ad8wJhUwwGIyioVDmTGvwUsyXDhRVJrSXyREA/Qh4MdTnc2GIC1dVT8BFIPS6LID43N8zk3BwJ0sNoKquAJ5mvF6vG5w73y11N+H1JFNFJfNEskEcYNjjh2DBEksFY7upYy8Si8fxf4yE9uNIIOM5OP+04xNKaV6yzgAGS9jyQfT7/FwZf2nbU0Dy/mAJYMSCn5zfg/gemvFDcj+cTwRCBedJoCxY7MSwMv9gJRUfJLN1BTDhwTUQieQtweQZwAQazZfcnKcAB6kSwHgEy7hFoQDs7yF4ECnEsdhBIuEMhMJln7d/UuYdvQlScUFir64Aqo7j8Xgh7wLfsesMIIKgwcQZQHc+5hJlrGiGABguAkTzgXAqKfLkAEVywTKASCpNZVQEqR+AedyEQyAKp4jMdy/mLpmw1RMM+YtBBE9songqk/JEMy7M4w4HCYBhTyoYcoM1FI/7A+UAyaMDepnXaf1oYNiHEgBxkkWf5ytOFbOAz1+KyG78DcSLAOJ3I2jYHSbOwxCwWLzE+RY/BmhZeyWRJL1IEVWSOOkCNIbVVSl3mvf7/WwUWoXURbaMnDNCkxjs7iLZdDpXp7VwJBMKhVLX77TngheKFT44DyZoHI84HstBLpCtU4AsiTd+bsyWgOfHmiSeDe9aVGlUAFgtnh+HPEXJ5I93yvsKeHq4j2LZcCSHCACrKODpaTR6gP/grweJbLmyeRNIWES0GwQTZiTYHobmUM6HqSuAojJlC6fynrwKBIB0/GG0rKcg8nn93Df06wugJRngf9BfHaClkHblkGK7BYWoAJB+qFBFnAmUWNR0CgAZSRQrpLE0ISgcOH9igJrlOz+j9P7z7P//631GyJ3//uefZ7wNfJcuwIZXq7d/QnnzBv892x4fH3/D17hrjbQBvv218kCOZeQWbYCNIMiFNNUC6DCbxQCKZSMYl5sFgPQBvtx+2wQwYf5oxn8FgPQBDoy8wZXvLcxMzECj4hJApVpyU198bmnupoYWq5U0AMLyih5GWmDm3Qy0NMCzteeLF8e6dK3DHTcwBcnQcGurbqpDeQNjt/VoZW3UAYoPNd8mQfENVr/YYK0ZBhx9a2Ua2Ha/x9Bzj+85qNcNPVsdnY/kpod8D720YBgebWunAdC+YWuw638/eqJ/cvQ7mQ98bJJ18awDsml1CeSwdIjfoR/qtG00fSAoBsChAYcENA7yNEbzSMqrIgwZFr6brviFoZNX1dcNt9MNIhTyQHGPTM3jJKTzZUM/MPCo/t2tU0rgACBIpk28ufN27ZS4fP9R6xJvoWt6VgmcAIRu2SBfs7gMrN30I1AOZVSuBo4AQoehjZ9JdF4xWbVhk5+huwxbwBlAeNrazkv6rHtxxQOPSrv5GFpp6gEOAc7pHvAxi3mS66TUPuJj6Pvk14ktgLApvceHFZHVPW18+I852QPgFKDStMD9LIanSN/uWed+6BcVfBRrAPH8lvOM7LHhMXl9IOe8IFHLtxh2Y0BCESBM93A9i6nhSrnNLNct6KcmCUOATZMTCoAn75802N83VQXYZnh4MwqIq6CB457QPXmlkrEmwAnFrX6Q2CdtTe8nix1pY8WG6uzCDSkgwMIsxx5QK2EKUKFZ6wMxGPvga+9rXP/6v7RUGqVDzmkg7qqogIQX5DQQL8kqJuu1fWDvBvE6ox/oa17UQN/K6oeK3lL7gstZLMxWqdmGOXXAD3RKxgBff/5qbGp2tDQ3HJrfEDPQV14T2ZJxWNh3S6t1robkHDaE2nWjwBigfXXVeKRv7teA+chYNYgQA93nUAtaq3V8NKZ5Dgtw6RJzgJTzwKKvNXGWTihbq9eKmxxq/3qV6MguQA59eWeNlgGH2t8lf8wXQJjmqq4XTdX65HkTV0us8yYxbwA75By1ltQ1dbtalnPNNsIW8AawlqdiLIPamvq1/pSboTdlc/wBhEFuDInKhak+UeYyXbXAYhvgQzkXhiQeouAa5qRb3DiPx3wCFHNjSJQKjYV1bpyHkk+AcF/XzkEVIqPSbWmTclCNKLXVncdVgPqXq99WD5cvcvxLWzUALkk56CxtyqhcFUnrKPtDt9WoEa8ANC+urUyMP3/1p/3shGI/8GiiV9J/9JoCQOgZ5qAUoOYXBk0ctDCmgR5AY+muc0X/85YRYqPYDwS73Wi2wbimejOhlAqyv8qollIrcLrkrK8qzOm2aAIsayMsEh3oZs0a/ufZ9tGkDdaMMDJ52FLDachYX+gebdVQC9Za1m+Q6JAuMQB41AdivHrpOyJ2er/i32wMbn20wQcj9E3YPlxT6emLaZAyabaz0J5a4Z8U4B+vQfzeXNruPdww9jn+brg9ttJgE1MwYRhie4WYumVStXXKsiTrZASQuK18prQ9abPpv+r1vWZo6q3VDzyzYbb7Ig+0lPVqluWuYKd0jgnAlW8DMPGNWR6Iy1OWV3hoeDa2bXi4ZneJFKBm/K8/P/UyBshyQksntrJswxQSePIoPLBtNwNjgBJ2bZiGBYNonVUb7qydwJMC/PzqOYw1MwYI82zasMhEJzcZbWXzXtmp2v1h8iCy3SK2fWYOsI3NOPyQVnasZnNRYYlCCU4KcG2yESbfMQfIahwe1NKJC6x2gzopdBhJAZpffZp8dcgcIJu5tGSW3mr9qJY9G6ZS1pMCxOvexveSawAcYm9pRE3zrjk1ex3dOVknQ4DP7xg/TFwH4JyOrXpYTFej6GpstTpY1s0Q4B+KlpaWawQRFnta4mm6Po29VZmFKWAIcPzWpyb72ZP9A3f68FfFazPoFQ7KADukLC3w3KMdVbvkLN2mSK2tdAWgfhnA8W4Fxm2l/Sdj78ZA8nms8e7tRjNlgEsylp5hu6+jGxPEWpZWVqk1Ra4AdHycKDZSx4yl/SPxuyOQ9MPi2MbIAGWAFIpIiqks/Zs2X5jYeXRpntJ9wyQmvG176Sg74+4qUZOMzWiatm2SSw9cV5ZNdtaWqK0mcVKKi6mtsJD6wP7bG+eOuHnDOCAG/YbCbIdFDWgcfZQ0sJudJ3k7ZfSvA0ulOEVfSt5McHyZGTvb/Li2NmI32hrfGjcm+6mbMP3oSR7Nmdx4+pSVNH6Q2hOoldZERib+bviXvfP9SZv7AnisowdsRWZclc7KXCTBtur4YTNhRE2YC4kPcYQKLBiYvBF9s1foC5RIYpQX/s/fVpzTh2LvL1jyfLlZFrPsWvrh3Ht+3HPO7bHkOCkgyRwHUgAwADLxCMjsSST7zfUFEO3JfoBiTXncCrMasR1oewQMTsjWiU749liYAKgeTT/AzmWmR1CLGhQAxSUGJ2T7ZMkaLEwA1LhYP8B06o3x2gzUxjuHX6k9AtJUgxM/9fYxhWo/9QHUIBwWWAD8Rm9NLBN2s4j5qU0A5AyVPoBG02UGKkAG1sTWAmHOOv3hHLL91AdQykxwTAAyCAoSb6Obb0dmPzmYMdfV+67tigjneSqA1NYE+RHb8jSlCTD/9ic5QOBKrXah/KtRN6gA7tEmupG7g7O0AYU55IiwsyHt5bPFVFijW8LU1gTF/H3KZFX0+a4Zqt5zO9cybnDAGQE8gD+DVNbEPIUEz9GdKYjoEuzegNG4N0BIJVJ8KpTCA0iZJkCzh6LvYbR7qCvAM+H+bmADxmFpUfqYwApV+evmW4EGoBANPA8rRLy/GzBecBD2ocUD6ey4nhtCY0eSxMGe2ZHoB1OOEnhc1Z9+DlRkTfT+gsjRQwNGycujS+A3mr54dJ4MVTwSx5NxXsL5Qs7z+OOVr5zQ5UpFj+sVjHhgz5qgESK60zVhmyIeeYIhvgP2QDnTPu05JAFFEb0iBAQQcOKB1NuY+JUumkMTj8TZQB0BRlrtRvk4p1PagXY8j7gKmjbDgCIeOY8TT3Q+F344gJMLNVqA34PEoU3aPDWKeOS6P0YFMOC9kADOQ3Bl0AIkdyamtmmb0JDHI7HcGAeA0epNMsoXI7TRmN52TChH3/20FWPEp5sCVhjXaQmHqqVCvZ1hATBGak18oC7+nSVNcMIL4/YD7FbArlDiJBYABdKcZQbZSUi5QY7mv0gFUC/CRK5YU5gAxPw0rHzZR1+azATAy49z1MJG6rTevmIC8AtZV8E5BhmahPHIGJ795JziK4OkKEwAzi4RhTb3WRSfk5kAn/Ha6ToCbJxZulhmAtBCQbCGZ5mkqJHFIzGxO2eohgAyvSUsnV3aIhlpds1MVCMAOEfSE49NkmSMJB6JW3Hv7IkUATq9DFXBk7QBZq/1cIfvucl4AIkCClsLwGKQpEvj2k+OAOOFRrL16Aknjm2MkBfMWjoOCAXXLKyJJTaF0xhxUWL7aUA0Ro9EH39KvLH/znfAlIoWU/7KteC6z5rAVqisSgYJTjfngycsAPL5p5i0x6cpPFx14Igv5gmWMF5s41ERBtkUy4j4ugg7H8wRYLZd/72ChXBTSdTAE4JAzSDRwiROxS6rci38Nh7YG46zFs6LZt3DxowBOAliegQfmV308w23MejswiYLgAULXqfECuB3XB4nQVZdxGZx8+OwiTsDDNcroXKEFUCUqtuXpiy7jry4ZwqH2JXO/dlZdpVIt1EtyMwAYua47DFsHoVpxhNonf5Cm3o1l6ol5IEz8AFiBgU/MGwnO49nxn/D94Acmo+Fb++rrXpBZQYQU6vusGy+tYOlVQmabw0wpL3dFEOAWHbdvJ/lVXFYlcsEK9gZYO0iCV52S9jyLNb/zgrGXMMkeZnOduB1QSgxlECsnGXG7fP+2UbPzyGJYTjbgeYk6MmX/1EASSAGiLGG9/xsL3vE6ORF1PytD6C3C1CpthKPdqB0ZscF5cxt3FSjcVKAGGv4A+OW7hgdRIgyq/sABhoFA+7q9VzPkBENWxITzXOIKFmVJJiAqYdXWN9rcbCLuobXSAqN+5ewdlu9V/7okId4oBJWzUlZt4QxoV/5CN7iJ+oB+3c/6+takdewQFQX5bQHyqVW8Q9AOx6Y4M4nJpSsBZBvZi4IHoNcOH1ClRhJ5Q+TpTI424GhXw21dy4seHxehc+r0aMj47pGvISRj2p22d/LhNoCYP+rwAqghSx501MiQv5a2fCAWRO8NZNYCyMfNbwbwpXViO3zCPtV9QcTriYbrZub6oXO0A50uxLhabBvggqoJyyEnUv7gwmNQlLnFY1hMOHRKUVYIOLSMO4pRks1JDTg+wC6viYhwDmUUOUQGkEDYks80g7szHvpD3bUEYTrcAityNE0k0B6B8DIAFqOputCGta9SAjejUhaYjwygAJCF6wP08O5mWve7/rFLJPeTTs6CYRtVydtaFda7btuDfuk98OOEKDbxWZDvFRt2S3nb4948xghwNmgi0+1tjCsi82m3Dqrkt/HNEKALpc7ugOmGCev9zMUyS+WdAWoPDhwq2EpoCgaHcDYzPvX4wgfhwZw7/UvZ448H9ENoBS144Hn0dtmOHck0gGEndeOuaeWDmB4Y+1V6V/ZhqFJ4EM8kA+pbwyzV324QQ7w1WPXoV5w+/rlui5Lgw5g6Phhk4jwSqhYA7yC6z5b8McOjZVDNQ5eqfzap9BeKBIoiEKe1zrelG4taW+IXAJfk7KhXY3520ZaHGgjfZyhuNHPDaCQznGrFbNwqocq1zLlHmhpu4Fe6cquMFSAr+xzhzStDt3bngQkSZNsDewVgRYgvB8kgt8W14fLzxLxuUFxGJorJUdpB9q23iBV+2kbhj12BuyCa3iVNX8XILxfdFTEc0PeAe3xzlnXxmaoyvJGDRC2nVIthB8rMPxxsOBUQLlC1yhy5AC/LDoYZCeL70YA8OP0ppPs00UwRg4QDvu3nNj0FoxifO7/nmaXKM9RRw9wL9inRz4tzY4EoLDbl+axRuuAjx6gtWhO/r2Al2E0493M5r91Gm0+9l8ACFsvXeK5xU0Y1fj5Elhsmvr2lr8BcOrT22dn2F+mD2B0Y+15bPrjwo/ZoQPk7AIvgTclzeAZAYS93eDTbr4c/CSOECDs+J+0bmxhif4QyzUeqNrxwLxeS2eNI4MRQJj9NP1h6lExrsyPkh+I/yxu9R793r/LoCIKLR6YUrlkUtY7liyKiUkWr3E4s/R5fW5rYeYzjHqczLxdm1v/+WNmn4XuR4sHRlTOV5b1ImU88IVCPAj6/Qtr72D0I7a24PcHd9g8GkUCRTGbDpUiypFuiY4WmmT1Insx+Fsjxqqc0RWgaMcDVUVP82ZUp44H/geHqwRqmiRpYP0BjUE88P8Q4BDswDHA8aABuOHTvE9D8mIOzTv0GfgTNIoJnlNcgHLB92e0Lnx4o5rDnFColvEm5KqYTyjXG3iPKDeeTchlcAG+GBcy5oRyAnPC6inmhEQZ9yWKOuaE21uHfyQDeBrHnOBy28sAQx5ncBO4L9GMYk7IZpkBTEiYEzZwJ2i4xKUN3JdQcKVAlpkAlB5+jYbx9MBDAZnsRZ7g7TVQkjAnSOhPgLj9y8U48iNE7dkHowKoZcOW6MvZbhd1hhlN8wAetYS6D/LpqJ1cF4igBrwSuuqxPpOe9qB+JvVMtyQgb0Q1RKlRM0/PoQRoROBeA7WpJVFzMopG+BKgE49kESdchc2iDb6MCrATTUSsv3UZdVloE1A8B0ieRxGFVlhNPj2HEmA0AmUOmrdSGXXB/DJrJesjSPchxAnHefvjKnwJ9SuKqBuW0p64jqJKoOJ70MHRVgZ51z9+eg4lwHDJNmL0K9GHKP1QMsJ2P6kw8vrKhE0L4JnpUxAnpKIJ68WS+W4JdVcuQyYKcV2+R91WHsp/e8+hBBhPrabkfKLpuUWdUVH1M4O7izRRJTCcVtVVXjFaBuIET7abDvHddCeNbMKYqY0zTg+piIteCOfiG4aR7er0WlgxtYAJG6voOpIPgYXjqINsfYd4CG1AXFUwJiQSsGqiq0KTA0OTTdSPJKxWZMX6VLzAxg4cjzHAMcAxQOQhSJC4fLnl5u0+Drw6Bog0ag2NT2ogPpSFPxjXSj0BmhBvGGOASK7MzSV/wTXeVItVtVLwWX5hKgeXF1eQTI4Booy7NoTb/I15c5Q7rUZ8lveQO4ZcowLN6hggkiXeDoTbq22ufec7rZZUy9orJCE80dJu62OASG5UK2M2EnWlkS+l7nKTYWtRX0AklxTGSxhxiNqfriKaHcPg6pzghUD9fAyQcPyvnTsmAgAAYSC2gSoE4ppDRZdEwk+dun9PX9MCGtICIqCAAgqIgKGAAEDIAcE2XPCpuFIHAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Rendering math equations using TeX

![Parasite Axes
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Axes demo

![Parasite axis
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite axis demo

![Anatomy of a
figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Anatomy of a figure

![Legend
Picking](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legend Picking

![Patheffect
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Patheffect Demo

![TickedStroke
patheffect](data:image/png;base64,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)

TickedStroke patheffect

![Plot 2D data on 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot 2D data on 3D plot

![Parametric
Curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parametric Curve

![Multiple Yaxis With
Spines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiple Yaxis With Spines

![Group barchart with
units](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAB1FBMVEVHcEz+/v8Zc7Lm5ub/fQsVcbH/egUfd7T/fw7///+Li4sVd7zz8/P/fwb9/f2IiIjr6+uDg4P/0qtOlMT/gBA2hbz/7Nv3+/0bdbP/iiIed7XjfiP/+PIkd7D/fg3/fwuQu9o3eKL/eQL3fxQbd7eAgIBAi7//3L6Ge2j/fwmpfE7JfTb/yZptps4Zd7jp6en5+fn19fX/hA7x8fFIXm0gfLz9//////6AYEMfeLbv7+/9egX/8uV4eHj/gxVvb3Di4uHa2tqSkpLExMOoqKj/gQ4gerje3d3V1dWjo6Mdcq2Xl5crKywEFB5TU1P/gw2dnJx1dXVfX19aWlrMzMxycnJKSkn/n0o5OTnAwMBra2vR0dG4uLj/9+/ncwyysrK9vb2tra0WW4oHGieAPwcpKSnudgz/iB17e3twOAZjY2MaaZ8qFQJmZ2fLZQszMzMzGQOYTAhCjMBaLAUNN1Pf7PR+fn6oUwkZZZpMJgTHx8cOOFX/69lopM3/sm1oaGjKysoTS3Lm8PirzOIJJjrc6vT/lTeNeWKcxN6Cs9VXQi7+17bc6vOIt9j/uXpHkMHmkEQ1NTUvgbmpekt8WTsKGCCSSAhFIwRXKwX8zqYnFAJQfZ1aq+p/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADRhJREFUeNrs3Yt3m9YBB+BQ4lhXJTzyWJM90sarunWP6BJOl2NOiAQiRkQJFmBUA0qQmpeihjyWjrZaUytdc057uq3JdrrtbP/seMi25DiuJFu2he/PPrrkCulYny+XywXiQ4fWAlCGzaFNg1wQIAJEgAgQBQEiQASIAFEQIAJEgAgQBQEiQATYH8zt4K97ziuN+GaiulltWU4xIMkUAmmgoucaPVCvepBbvlvX2qy2JKz9ttIHSNTy4aPdLiiibzQwS1A7zorLBn4lrM6avsQGHMaE6yhtvcBLFrW0YtgsQ+JZrtAy3Oi1jr8E9MAoAdVwIirXEApsueA3SCswuqDa9gOg+jpfcoRy+gAxqaa7vObinO+VtfxyHddKTaNuFunwScbHzaWgobTDduc0lZe0z/BGuJpiQMWhX3YaBgSAFuU2ttwoOaKGUyvhOxp19yXe9ko1fLnUsMoanhNcw2Uor4bDNO5EcLVWDz83axLAdE1WeRgIDE21VTLehCl5KahEW7KGAz9vlYDGA7/jY0qB1sLX8ACTVwoaNLm80yiArg7iSqO83GrpRZPFC3Ud2IxcCyzVo9LYB0KRzddKmsITRkPRcJOnNZHLc7xbC5tgzuENmzTirdz38GXaskG8mqE0TX7Z7ZgQQM1t1KBJ435ZoyU/7CUNW1nGjW74LhpRXHFNmtK7bZ7mZCaVgNSKUQWeWVBcw/RIiweNtq+WHb8StkC13WYgyBrxrtTQa3R2CUSrAdkUAr6mm9FeWjZ0C+o83QIVw8mGFUuGUONc35cIi8UDIBmOBCptp9uopHMcCGHvgYTJbjIqYa+3CgtOr0dLnFjS2OhpDCb1tMaSq+tEr8OSJQB4sWGy8Wp9tRBO+GPs34G0GsSfXSz4g6NCjnmNiRvtltGRyAE6EuHwFIanX6kiJgXYYrKpi7RsbKzKMZMCZGAKt0izurGGpyYGyEW7wVEyDYCvjHnoSQLCPJ4fIT/SnRxAQJonBwPj7/7lgW8cO8iAJNsbvcJ1wLDqD31ZnzzaXAonDzAgzLaqmGdR0LZy3CogAb45+cfVvPf9V/GaThVIAuDYkJwdnII50IAkR64UHS5b1+mKFzYmRSAiwG9n3ljLfA9whW4LNsMUc7mCMiWAF64nMaWkJCfRB3oSrgO50gLR4bknGWwCOLuWhRgQC7KMlDMpRxUUWZ4SwIun70Y5/eRxvHDpu50HxDwGsk6esnVc8uKJd25DC5xJWiAmdI0lwbfFvM576rQAnjgcZfHJ48WonDu284CsKUhsw5LIjkURfX3g98fXkwBKNIlXl1qUWOHs+rQAXjqTCXP+yePzUXnk2CQ24dV5J2x9L7zVwO5VrL0BVCv7BXCTceBoI+O9AWw5CHBbyRUQ4MaUm+kBvH6xL7EP5ADPAn6SgGotPYB/P3xpLXcvxsdrAulUeQF3SRYvsyINWJcHuJgfBKSDbcyGyWkCnDuzmsOXYkDSEnWp4whMtaNl/YpOZ6WWqEkOPwBYvM0hwAQws5ozCSCQsnKFMupA9yTWB0GjlnVsCzDlfkCseJVAgBHgl3NHVjN3JgG0r4ryskq5Ql3iCkAoOeVysQBy7mALRIAJ4LEv+3I9foLPQTELVUZUbFYGHt+lqngTeDgC3MlhDALct4AEnVpAsCuAqjk9gCzOjRI6D3YBsKpNDyBg+VHCkfse8D8TBHQ9lm42beg1y2uA42ckQLc9yia8DcDMjRuZSQFitiYSJcnKa/ViXEHtHqD9cJda4GomswmHxxIga7NCEM3ox+dEtg5RZXcIsLQ8qRZo27sJKALeCU0IH/bOyv3IPvc2PTxgUdoTQMvaPcCyVmWbEsDraoscqg/Eb/PDA3ZvDwF44eIXcaq1pPyif3oM++qvUZ5LtefJAjkEoCDsHmBXbnJlGnCex4EJAD4cpgV+ePhEmPOffn4+KjMnftK/1vE3onOrHzz7+oO+k6z7CHCzYcxAyA47ccAj0cdb/PTzxXj6ZzPAhR7gT6cPEN4W9xHgFLZAeBUBphLQQoBjAc4XkzNdgtM75XUBAY60E/nFz5IzXbfu3Y3KE6d/jgBHBHw/OtW1eOveYnzKCwEOBzj/8WfzPcC34wmWW/fiCZb0ACZX7IeAA5fu7xjg7PzCbKoBe9cEn/0hKU/+ZacBe0kt4DvxFZmnPr525VR8VSYCHBkw6amuXYm7qr0GbCHAsQCxPyUzNk4hnrp5riDA0QDfOnkqnrr55M/xmOfds7/M7A4gJPsv8d0zwH9PISAmG3hxJduFklXfY8DLD25dnsIWyOuiaDbZLkM7IR2Pt9ZHwm/FIa6WkwVyDMClEQAzlxcz07gJ58pER816KtCLADSz5tr0KXn8ZJwfzsbFP94ZCTC5Naj08PrGe4ReD7h6Pd2UAbZcCPIFm+IcfnATJt+bORXmyrXP3o3KmW9HAHzzN/EtQncfPErKS79KLaCnCaWcYMNsoQk2AkY/+nwIGB9FzfxtFMB/Ho1uDXr7waP4VqHDc5sBdlIBCCFLstGFzSwYDpC+yg3TAo8m+4VHvR99APCbp3H+dzMpn754f5o34deOAzcAnqM+jPPi/otk4buxAZ/ORDn30c034oWZ3x4IwDd/HV/2e/TG/TtHDodfc78bG/D38coLH92M1509d1AAE5MQMP5pECACRIAIEAEiwHQCfoIAtwO48OzZAgLcGjBzJ7nseVPA2YXkFB4C3AIwc3kLwF4Q4FaAmSkBnJ191jMZBvDKs+QTIMB1wPmF5GMOA7h6/cBBAhRtyNolCO26+JoW2MtQgGsrHxhArK4pRVWq0JqX/I9iFAIEo99o06WIQtAI/1Gvrt9osyOA9w8AoAgUAQ/fMrrRRnEtYicBb/wr9YCKKZe1ZpG2mzq5431geMSQesBSVV6qqiVelmkwAcAMGsYgQASIANMF+F8EGOkorOqOB/gIAUYXZUmNIEeOAZjJ3DmzU4BfTzEg2yooFBwLsJdtA87OXpmd4j5Q8bgy2GPA+SkGJCumWCX3GHB2igE5qiIGEAGO3wKrmqMCBDh+HwgbdRoBbqMFZgVBQoDjA0KGHO9IBAHGKbdMK1dFgGMDcmU3/IrOiTR9HEr6ElbVbQQ4yiZcBVj0J1dB3hJLVFHvBLhDAEDwAYEAhwEk9HwxmcPPKaoHWtXkRhuZMlkEONQwpqELyV9NDZR6hdXrWfjqjTYIcAvAvKrGnZ5XE5Sc5UHGklEfOMpsjKU2G/G2zPEYGaKRPNoLjwSYK9I8GsaMD4gFBaGCAMcfSCuVXIAG0uMDEmxRFIsIcA/OyiFABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQASIABHgzgC6pU7eLf2/fbt5bRsGwwBOED28JtjxYaed1mEobGCFlK6kBNuKQfYMxW7iQpIOx6eZQq45hI3k3DEG2y77b5fuq3GgqeK2kNHnvQUejPzjlSzsSAKwKmA3P816/u//GhkArDCF66ntWNfvVwf+Jb6JVAD0Y9Ibk2XvBTMHX+W2B+RDt7UYDJtYAysC1sfUCmMXDxFsYwAIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAAB+AQAfSvieacLwKqAHc2Tibw+5sCbFgC3B1z4iYhp6i170cRBm0prYNzRyGGYwhUBQ6PjmklUA2BFwDbjxBmewtjGABCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAP4XgPaoQY3RiAOw6gvVKLVFkf064ICDNpWmcOGFTtQkmmUTfBOpAJgLnTeFTzQaDwFYYQoPXS6lmWENrAgYaYINtBwPEWxjAAhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAH4RABbQrQAeA/AyPejJZo+bet/ij/bK9XB/slq7b/WV+pzObv3bS38aTX8cS38qhw++bAa/lLOvn1ezr5/t5Jtfi2HX7wsj+LHvyQzHxqwcN3i+tDXWWH9rcNynX8/LtWBdVOmsxa+2hC2Juvhcva4WA0f3hGermSna9nTq9tGUYiHBrSCwLruwJV6UyoS3lGp9E1hq7UhfFQO68XRhvDahW1zi/AoujVLDw04S9LF5ov6jNQrrpd/1zZkeVxTv3A73GIUMlMfxb2fwuwuH32L2yROjxSubRXWqVrdYxuDehzAviH6XjFTC48NEWRGrtQrem5ELDMypV7hoRG3yc/VJntk5MzUZjsBKHsBk7YWK4W7E+nKwHUClbDfcT3G3ImrEtY0FrSDoaU0fZPQDka9cX0nAH2NIpMu1BZwLa+ZgtqprRJO+61OXrdu/lGyqVsvbTf1xcBUWY3bZ7W+0w0NUdsFwHFK9bmuCBhrJNPGVKkBycqpaxGfLlSaar6gfJ7Oz1X2A7znknZBfMJ3AZCblmZ4k95IafFJDCNyLmOlDpSONg1D0VEK94ciGdDIVBrzhSOSTEzjnejA5Y1KvS5lQ41bujqTXlMp3PQYMcUstbwlNG+phRteW5cu0W4AYhsDQAACEIAARAEQgAAEIAqAAAQgAFEqgD8Bpu3RNSGItIYAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Group barchart with units

![Simple
Legend01](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Legend01

![Simple
Legend02](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Legend02

![Basic
Usage](data:image/png;base64,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)

Basic Usage

![Legend
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Legend guide

![Constrained Layout
Guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Constrained Layout Guide

![Tight Layout
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tight Layout guide

![Specifying
Colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Specifying Colors

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.legend.html

