# matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_xlim

Axes.set_xlim(left=None, right=None, emit=True, auto=False, *, xmin=None,
xmax=None)[source]

    
Set the x-axis view limits.

Parameters

    
leftfloat, optional

    
The left xlim in data coordinates. Passing None leaves the limit unchanged.

The left and right xlims may also be passed as the tuple (left, right) as the
first positional argument (or as the left keyword argument).

rightfloat, optional

    
The right xlim in data coordinates. Passing None leaves the limit unchanged.

emitbool, default: True

    
Whether to notify observers of limit change.

autobool or None, default: False

    
Whether to turn on autoscaling of the x-axis. True turns on, False turns off,
None leaves unchanged.

xmin, xmaxfloat, optional

    
They are equivalent to left and right respectively, and it is an error to pass
both xmin and left or xmax and right.

Returns

    
left, right(float, float)

    
The new x-axis limits in data coordinates.

See also

`get_xlim`

`set_xbound`, `get_xbound`

`invert_xaxis`, `xaxis_inverted`

#### Notes

The left value may be greater than the right value, in which case the x-axis
values will decrease from left to right.

#### Examples

    
    >>> set_xlim(left, right)
    >>> set_xlim((left, right))
    >>> left, right = set_xlim(left, right)
    
One limit may be left unchanged.

    
    >>> set_xlim(right=right_lim)
    
Limits may be passed in reverse order to flip the direction of the x-axis. For
example, suppose x represents the number of years before present. The x-axis
limits might be set like the following so 5000 years ago is on the left of the
plot and the present is on the right.

    
    >>> set_xlim(5000, 0)
    
## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_xlim`

![Bar Label
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar Label Demo

![Broken
Barh](data:image/png;base64,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)

Broken Barh

![CSD
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

CSD Demo

![EventCollection
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACKFBMVEVHcEyAgICDg4Pz8/OLi4vr6+uIiIj////8/Pzm5ub+/v7+/v///fr//v1CjL89ib7x8fBzc3NHkML/qmDj4+P7/f7Z2dn/mUD/zaFvb29Nk8RTl8aFhYX4+/3p6en19fW/v7/z+Pzg4OBra2v/kTD/1rGdnZ339vb/+/j/ljj/lDRkocuvz+Wvr695eXn/nkmioqL/sm18fHz/xJHQ0NBnZ2ft9fr/oU6XwNz2+vx4rdJ2dnb/+vX/6NX/nEVrpc3/3b//4cf/7dxjY2P/yZmCgoL/7+GRkZH/2bhZmsjv7+7/0anp8vlTU1Pd3d3T5fH/5c5YWFhfnsn/8uf/pFTGxsaBgYFdXV3/mDz/9+/Y5/FhYGCVlZWPjoz/r2f8///l5eXl7/f/v4dxqdD/p1mexN/V1dWZmZmkyOH6+fjL3+7d6vTh7fWMudjy9/r39/j/tXR8sNSCtNeQvdzKysq91+n7+/tncXn/9Oupy+LG3Oy10ubDw8PB2uv4+Piqqqq41Oj/uHp/fn6AgYLT09O7u7v/vICmpqbNzc21tbX/+PLP4u+HtteCeXKCcWNMTEyKioqAaFRyeH20tLS4uLgxf7YkJCSDdWo5OTlAQEDy9fdXZ3JuXk9Ge5sccKpOj7zy3crzii7yxJr2kDUvdaKac0rXfCbttoOMtNCAgYP2mkjpijPyn1WWgmlQiKpKXWq4z97yjTSarLS9ez1jm8LymUmnhWHcjEFla3utAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAEXdJREFUeNrsnflbGkkaxxNbfVtEOcMhSlBQAeOBgKgoHniiEIkaVJRN1GhM4pGLqDEmut6TxHkmiUnm2d3MTH6YeWb22WfP/28bTOIFLSI0BdQ3eRSa7qL7k6qub731VufChW8CrFB1IaAwFwwQA8QAMUAsDBADxAAxQCwMEAPEADFALAwQA8QAT0q0yW1nHd9IDnN9v1jcg08yhoHLItqXv76flO/vQZ4oMa19vwxucgBcMk8ZTmz0uvx4CCXxjSCxNqskbPbZr++tDt/PWWkaRfHowcX75cmlyyc+SkSA/ZW21MvmVdcjKDVKhdQlt5a53oDVtmW1Gvr3jBMA6bai9Mu5Be2P9oz99ovUjlS1tZbtZiiURtHWntVQYeTZqG3fl7mfg8JtFNnSQVrpMqzvKSdSjalk4gOUW4mPS+s8h9PQLqU27BaJ7BlGoau/3ym3C70Aq+tS1yOew1psv2H72P9WSUFWPp/4ILSJKpTLdodXKKocpo5zthfYJ+xr21ahGz4sKaQ3nNwte0EaKwkAGrkuIkO6/XHVTN29SKsI3AblmpNCInIVU3u8MbemlG0KjaRzluv0FlAAl11p4C6oUErtpIvrbeW5KqndlAZQVhiBcDqspJOQGzPcLO+IezLxa2CZ3Mp1cYXGNafcRt3QwL4ptAutBU6DwZlmz6CuX7g3Wbo3UWAl7Rk257LDSNVA43bBB5FdtL1L2oUFu2m5Zuo416TcbrA7FG6hm7RzhVa500bYHLsFiQ7Q0G5bJcyE/CJUWI3bFBy30rkJlcSSy7UE6VR1BJazX7TrFa7C99b+sinhdeqgNRfPKt9088ww4t7KNUp9TVhpdBXBG5d7La2SlBLyVTLXui41jngT3gey/H98f72+iyXdIq//HelrfLPkof1gmYQvHav/wynfK2qb/zcYDb7DvSR8K2+WRS6j1gvb1m/4LMV69BoGa0QY3oHtjngw0hNKqrV4rw9LM/AIJLwmrJikLCoPhtep2pghz0gOEZEEWESNqngw+RagNNWem5oMut4aOYDcVKnwLbesVOq/CebmJUUb5aZHDqCwqMjQPyWv2B9uvv+7QCDQ1YVzUo2ClqberPgAmBZBgEf16heJRNKlDuekmvUesbjcQ1FMZoAp+ec5r6y2Rr3AIrboJE3zyQqQy6Z0rpNjN/soDpTPIUwxegBf//H58+ffd859huq2jlFBucakb0aNXf5MVAE++Sulf8xG5lzr2goFmvEupOrhpZKFqAL881B3d3dVZuROuLfFpNE11iEDcLozujUwxWfRMyN7zvWjYvFGPRr8nmbfg+gDjLjUjTqNqaUt9vyGOM8gHgFSmu8a1wgKd2LLbyanGuIVoN9plw/MNcVwrJI51sCKZ4CU0e5ZEVti52xu5VRBfAOktNPh0fRJYuJsFjlDDIxEfoz+hfRK+jSeDsadzc3sKwyMRFZ/6unpqY/6fap+1MK0s8m79pKRody/xOIBEwO1g900p/UwifDltTxGggkEc5fUu6GaY8wbXsm+CYkGkDI2Ou0GM9HDIc4iJCBAgB6BRs+Au57JuQUMAcwHhtXUNyBRR/k7MhvGgCGA7wU6nW6FWYvRUW7piO43VOfMMAXw1a96vb5FzWwlZEu0K9H8ymcHDjoBm7BfbX3l0bM097KfAnMAiZgABLZeJYlS0TWd05D4ACGracATnRHy/ZJLyQAQYFCnaYxCsQv8bkgOgABdqlF2pMv8jnMHkgYg1JtMEQ4WVvFvQxIBBPWoqiuS5bEaaiGpAAI0anQRHNo9lNVEHWBBZYoNWKWV7ZeRAAjzgoGmSJX1mHMXog6wden5JBQrReY137vcmAMEkKj0kYno3uW8gOgD5NnWUoA1olSmAbwtchfHHiD0WMYjESeskT0EBgCWidbbi+XKqXQF1ZzXeAjUQIC6FW3h+UupDeCgowBwi2cWDXPbVyvlqDRhf4RGO3fekNBtfhUwARCIWVgGsHnR6IW/hRfGLT3ndNDfATMA0bIxB4NjvarlHId38xcguQFSfYlYEPaECVlyH2ICsNWmpoQIwZ05bbjhhenOmtgAfP2zRqMt30GlEnaF2Yxf7KcBxgDgxZ+aKaGz2qMnLIJDnMcQI4BM5MacLUCj1Z/5mBlZNcQMIAGoEdSMntlBN7AwwAM1n5XgQRogBrjvqQc2zrL7Hc5VwACPEhSvhN6tHU4DxAC/qNcyF+pkSd61B4ABniRYrguR4MvOPAwwgOZNnpDGR0fTADHAAw32CUIgeCwNEAM8PDAeHz81Qng8DRADPKw6Qd8pY/TMsbFMDDC41ALT4CkOegZiDvBHdAEC22Oiyz9aPJEGGItoTH0vJVSfvcHWlfeez0FHHeDrn7VarWUH1TqYNWcJVgfzOl8CAgCRikgHIqgzBfnXfXAtDwWA7//X19cnqEOXoFogYJ/DQUcd4KtfCgsLO9joAoQd00qArVcDpgHGoheeAdTVqzkZ5a8K1UEntQ/8qnrV8byPS0HSADHAwGpUHUtaqJbNYIBnkUR7JHsraBogBhhMo5ZDg7p72S8glgANIuoHa8tAxhHALM/4N6cQaCENkwBLV839QBaNbPsfmJUbHwChzjT39eX94GmAjAA0y7fSwbbbOnwZQLFpJdAeiRyYmYEvE+4BF9IwCZBnW8sF+S7hy1CdePQXtHJjaM2Mf40sbRogIwCHK0aeKwieosz/ENVWxHJjaFSoGQy6kIZJgERF6dRbr3BS4U+HQDoeeEyCFbhEnwaIbQyt2lRNwRbSYICh+ek/Pt0FDDB83f3Pr4AcwKn44Vcj+7e2HjWAP/xWXV19Kz6eB1/b8Ce9iY0awIb7tbUP4gLgw5wqqLO0IAYwN26a8C1/HnmTqg0tgHHTiVz5Mgm8IsAAw9Hjr3MggwNdaAEsjgt+dw7WMXRoe1EC+EP1wsLClUuI8xviHEpC8OhQAvjkv2MNDbU1aPO7m314Dq43jPVgUcxMSKvJz0ec303+0XU0XQM7CNXAv717946D9ORwd86xEH7W+AZCAN/x+dmyfIT5VclOpOE3q5rQAfips7OzAeE2PNNZe7KLaylXIwMwWybLuYYuwKrOsQAWgW3SowIw5TLS/Ue3rDagxepRNaMCEOmRyM2cB0HWYY72ZWGAp/s/ftAp9DqxBAM8TVezadZRN54pLJOUAO9waGcw5wQYIK2eceiT8Ac1hRggjV5wTkvBKtTMY4BBdeXLf8dFJ88cBhhMt0PJIT9DWCbZAFZnXw1lN4m4DgMMpGl+aAkIWX2jGOBJsR7k3Atx13pVD/MAM1JGfNBKhxEFSNbKQs+gDHWiPZIAc9crigAcUjP1emr2ImoAaxo6q0LfW13ewjhAf4YqN0VRRgJstjpn0eKXX1JypvB4iGGZiD6E1qEY8Qql0g8iBJtw1ZmDuxvjWQwDXOLxJoYJcKQgeA8MFv6j0U5IE+0R7YXTuECwgCxGD+C9oOE/GjWGMtGeHDaGJvxHJ50HA/SLNvxHo3ltBwYIp4b/aNQ1MIgBwjPOQtjHClYwwNPDfzRqO3WiPeEBhhL+o1GLRZ3cAG+f7RESJ3TqRHuCAwwx/EcblqmPFUAEMhOm+UPnLmPUlBUbgE8+yWSymObGzNwPOfxHF5ahX/8QPYCV/1xcXLwTwxTfp/yG7kiUQ7/+IWGTzIdK+E8jVNSKICvpOpGZ6ez/t3f+T2kcUQCvor7zIoRDQEFEAyOaEQgSQ1TS2DShqFhMqDDWYNBoxPotVRGrxi8TJWhjnBjNtJlk+kOn7Uw7nea39t/rYaIeoGSP3AJH7v2ge3d7j+XD29t3+/bLFGeDY7/tq/vUAK6rG/s5VNeRItCejwAn2mVGbjWmmP+QfwBbW87v2DjWmSLQnncAV9SeHu61uip+/DQATg5LFkkMes+e/5BXAKsfSGa68aj+8qxAez4BXKrqHMelW3zW/If8ATjUJhnD+N7TcOlyXgNUjEnahrB+whmB9jwBON5ZtYT7M+6fGmjPC4DdM5IMLA9y+vyHPABILkqGhzLxQacG2vkPsMejXsnQT/X9vfwDaJuVtGSs0/aHix15BvCcUdY+AZmTw4UGMQJU6ugnkq65JlMAexrV8xn1NcXJgXYuAW6bqS2oCTqt7xahxT3bf3pKMpfpCfHJgXZOF6EtDT2P/dd3AXhNd114NyNYljVOQMal8vo1fAAPh/gC4TTR6ebaN3/19l7Fth3GRDtnIQ92lfhSJT6AA2v+aKimUKMlcFfhC3OSnSytB9LRdw0bQKnfUr/fVeIMijA3IvNYOk0RTfBqJV43hsTuxnAf8vgYE+SdH9jaIpm1ZZFfognyDeBKlecpZFc64iYi8gvg0LBkMevrwcU3xHwCiDHkwe6FjmmCPAI4jjHkwUrKmCbIG4CYQx5pmyBPAOIPeaRrgvwAmImQR5omyAeAtoyEPNiZoIs/AGMhj0nIMamraOALwB5PhjtNWZpgjgO07WQw5JGWCeY2wAyHPNiY4HUXdoAf3WHX36heh1yVo4YY4wbNf5eXlzel3yPN6ThxHE/BOswAn/1aWVnpSntnvnUZp+PEuZevvsnlKpytkAd7yclG5MLc+Z1p+NQBOrTTtKRTpmyGPHII4MJLmYT9UvDk5FijzEiCABB8/d20nGNTmNanc52y9jEbgACQ/TPQNj+jVrctdwO/JEcATi62y6qmllqBd5IDABU9LZ0yz4N+4KVke2vI6ZVZtXp4eQj4KtndGnJ8WFa1s5Tg6ygU4uT3F3GqVxrGxTLmcLBqZhPWkDDGXhyubqgmyVicpSyMDuxYjbhMoYBsbw3pGe5PztC23pE8Fvnz3hRqbo8cJ28xF4/1MB8LI/Ej+8Suf//57+XSfBudbjIEkAGWH6mpfDL3ALK9NaTntN6WRmNdMq3bfSnU3Kg4Tt5nLqEtY/rj1xNmrN76/bc/fllZbqSTvQPoAI/VXG6aneMYYHGR/yFAyHeA3Ih4lk8HOJIMsCINgGpEgCMsAF46UnOLe4DP94MWkOo3VW4AgvB1ER8SstNIvk8CeXzSY3RdVSRmvXEx7kZgHim+6DtOPmli3Cp5+l557E9FR5xSxSHAeaOHJBS9A9VnKk+UIzWKy/dmpuhCa7keoaozg7MWIOp7ZS74kPheL/jepRxXKN/JyZ/2NhJzPttjHDmoKw7G4cbJxY3d3T9PLrx+4TtRvvcsTunG7pu3b96+WHjtK9jYu8m45FDpHSmKfKRmY3dvgS69z05xB9Au9xbBIAWaUMwCH3/YAk/sjgx6T06KFYGknHGnyEcG8oyLAWa+96ZE+rdiVxKsmq61ASAPzS3AtDkyYiFTFPlYTSAgFtP/tIXcAYzYqWa/yGm1Hs5zMLBa+mlfySb35gErX83kZpO7OcImt9TCYSss10IxSbjrDw/CrL4jQeDLjVU5GcblxgjyEQCVhVH6Z9z2baHVAqdTBERUc4DUDRiOamI1Uq5Be9euLXhEm0mkyIuUO2zR6AB0A85iJFuNampi95TIOQZIUKECLyipTT3Sl/SvWYIQ3pTr5UhEHCE7AeGBr7UouUv1o3othFQmpNwQ0XjNJGj2DRYkgMq7tNrtolorxwBFKjBZIOIHsw6lHOZBd6wEbjsSbsM2UCKwHDxGwr1VAppm8N/xDyABDEZIVT0c3LzbjFZDKRqgv5ZQEdwCXNUTFhN4S0BVilKKx8pNB11vrEhEYM0SVq2SVvPPSEYyagWzEgxBuILUNFjWHqrCYB2NoPEGexf9i5pEKpLjZ6DFbB8NiqxWJ1KpvRQVCmrvqKJSlNyDlHnN1EyGzUi8vyu0Pg+ZSu0FBiQgcspsWlNGC8xofpLplfORSU7ZTZy3wm4pWQz1bkSHYLAUisNytxKpBxG6dCClPSUpmvJVd/ihFLpQPUFaedcq6NAqA8jdbpE0do/gxuSYGyOIAFAAKAAUAAoiABQACgAFgAJAAaAAUAAoABQAfvY/kQPBg+eFxcEAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

EventCollection Demo

![Markevery
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Markevery Demo

![Contouring the solution space of
optimizations](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contouring the solution space of optimizations

![Image
Nonuniform](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image Nonuniform

![pcolormesh grids and
shading](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACr1BMVEVHcEw2XI0hkYxIG20ubo4foYc/R4j///8tsn0nf45EAVRGMn5KwW1z0Fag2jn95yXQ4Rz8/Pzm5uaLi4uAgIDs7OyIiIjz8/ODg4P95yO/AL9DAFNIGWzs+fA1Wo2f2jkfkI1JwWxQw3LQ4Romfo/FAMIqtXweoocrbo3/6iI1c5L6+vo+Sokhkox001S8ArwkiY3c4+tLCVpEOYGj3TdHFmgho4YofI4glorV5Bjp8PNHKHew3S9rzlpx0Ff+/v7a8ehGM3/r5O2i2jj/+9nS4Rs1aorW4h2N1kVBRIg2PoJHL35DK3Kis8o9KHg7AEyqlbs/EGZLw2xBEl31++mFy0rw+ux401xjwGKmqcipoMNAQYApsX/R3DcboIn96Cyr1TI6VYj6/OYubY/S4yJEsHQtVIioibD//Ody0FWj2z/19fX+/f58fHzv7+++vr74+PicnJzKysp5eXnf39/i4uLFxcW4uLiXl5d1dXWoqKjT09OioqLPz89jY2PDEcNnZ2eGhoaCgoKSkpL76/qwsLBwcHC/AMVycnJfX1/b29v99P333fdtbW2iFLSOjo7HJMfX19fx8fHQ4xpXV1ftu+vQRdB7JaHVW9XYbNkdlIsjgo2xCriMD5/lqeUyXotHxWuRK67egd7yzPK8FLlEMn1sD4RSSJbq6upHR0fLMcpaXJ1rPaJNfpKjJbGBpWx9AoeCN6mVjoY+Pj7jj+PDuz2jmGS1JqlLb5d3dI9VrnSut0fPvDnETYqdVJUigY6zPblMyXA8nYTtrEtbAGjJLaHBeGv3zzSizENwSaTkjGLOlVdaKYh5vl+sZ8IqVof//9qnh69CNX3//ef04OXP2SKnendoj4KM3UFYZIExMTHb+OlAtXFol4Koh8Spl8KojcXklc7S4jMnfo4nJycUnI8JAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAC5JJREFUeNrs3fl3E9cZBmBMgAuETfIiM0CAkAGMMCKBQmiSqm3atJR0o/uW7m1SbaNttMsStmRJRl6EFwy2wQu2jFkPHHZIAoSdpNl70r3pH9IZkwBtYn1Xjnx8Ur/vDyBzvsMZPZ4793rufNakSXfDEN5M+tjABYAABCAAEQACEIAARAAIQAACEAEgAAGYR9ze+74Iav2h/y2Q3MwWj/nvvNaxjBaA/5VA8r4v0qFU9iPCcU1StsUZMzLmaTDbGgB4N8ZgxCIPWsLajCXsZe6IrzkVDNjS6W1GV9gXyUpWJZLb6fl3IubUlIWjUvy9Yk81AO/GNOjIho65qqvNqUBzyhl0HXOVyMFmbTiQ8Lve08oJn88n67OZZpfDx1xNSTnmNOmsALx3BvrDUTnMPFF3xHLMkXSzdFO5HKxm5Z6wmyVd1kBTU0DxkpJWh9Oa8A3GPNswidwfTTabLIswT3GwvHTQ4fNrj6WUM7CBWZRZQ3tMKzstFqdDAWwudTjlSGnS70lIALx/gnVGLA4Lk+3asC/Z5E4mwm5vKBZkXocr6Rt03yuzBhoy8XTYVposlwB4/xiWhidXIzPq1T80H/4z06UczfcudsMlbLgEZyBfXOmIDQtp/CTyQTLaiRHdWAE6o8UTISXbxgpwmzQhxqg1OlaA5ZkJAZgtAyAAAQhANXpPMKX8ZfObKMCa7VzHVrfdzFNm3l7H9d9tr+Eqy/PgCggoOeSIidlK7HfuvUVHBOxqrGrneM+9+6taOd5MTWtVYwsHc3tV1XEOmHwPrpBDWFteomENjkxc/akqkBhphVlTZRAMXYvItCpl7d8n06OU7f8umRZBMFS99SsqbykHJ3S9+XzuvPm8enA9hQY0NiVKWYNsTSivPfakaaShVCUI4umXH6ZySBRqL/yAzAWl7OS1PxBZf6JWETz3GyrnFL/aGxU/p/JKrWDYWWDAjD/ms9kczrJg7iFsbhfEQ2f2LiWy97Qg9h1e8wKRNYf7aoV31i8mMufaydra8/OWEdmx7Hxt7StXK+YTqbghCFUthb4Gyh5r1sVCsoaYROq6Tp/ZO4vM0nfLD6+ZTUURfOfEnDmL5xBZf+3Kzbd3zKOy4+2bN65WzKUyf/6lf/aO3zJm0cscfrO27n2K9pv9wufW/Gn9HDLKSfjkJtpPEdxUQfvNnVtR8cdxXAcuenjpLJ48NXs2j+BXn57DkcVPfnkeT74ylyfz53/p/wVwNgABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABODEBJT89hRjxpg9BsDR3dK3yWmJSc0xF7ErB8CRqgNODdPYy9QHapvkuA6AeQKmLHf6XXwBdXs9bAJgfoDZwWKbZM/67YkMhvDoduXkkD4lBeQMJhEsYwAIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCMD8HjKfxfWQuQLI85C5CrhpGQ/gpor5PIBj8JC5UZtS28c0KapXztj711lbOfzOHL7N0+Zw+8RZLsGz55bRgst2nLs0l+Mx/YqrLTWFBiwtjjaYmbnBYjHlvqV/vEroPrOVyt53O4STh9eQuX1S6DuxnszT5wXDlU10rhiE83MryFzqE/YXulfOyEwRiWkTrNzBWMiWHmFTyaz2yomn//JbKodEQbzwQzLDrV7fI3NCEATD2V9QOdtXK9Te/NfPqKitXu2Fvgbqox7GXE5WbWNMjkVy9sodWPlrKvUK4NEXHyGy+6hSVr92CZFdQ6ICOOM5Kms7lIM7tfynVJTvbsEBJYtXpwmVpgPxVO4h3CMI9c+snEJlwCB2nNo9g8gjq+pFw9CuyUR2re0WhOtTV0zNnQ0brgti98Xl06kcNAiNvYXe1owX201+yVHioWbhliEOvylTioZWkX5KVg2tqpxMpnLtqYOk31Sl4uDB6bTf9OkXu2rGbRljXLSKx2/KlBd5/GbsXrJrMkeWPLeC9lMENyzn8Zu+/M/juA78LCfgRh6/Ge+vreQBnPw4j58yiqfz5fMABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAPx0A+rUT6Fg7lATAEcHGEjaGTNGvB4AjnII27wKoNMSMzMmSSUAzB/Qru4tWeMBxvzbmiUA5gloslusjkxTUzqFITy6bs1oucNj9TfIuAaOehljNGIZg3UgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAE4AQFfB+AnwRw5cqNfE/pz6jkeUx/VyVHl8PUFSs2cHU5LF/+6BjsykXU/Tibz67PDdjbWn+Aw6+ou/4oB+HGo/Xdq0jBysqh+kOn6EaHFQe7Dw1x+F082njn4+cKui8c9DKWSWstIeW11aIb4aZ1XaNBFAbIc3BltyiKB0jA3deVsm76/DtlEMWOSrJT6fF6URQO0ufgUVEwHB+TbU2tj9mVE9EfHXFXbrhX7sh3yKi9cp3PkukUBaFj3U+oHFDKhIFfUhkwqI18z5DpEAv/uXKMebzMVJrWR+WcQ1jTahANlxeQOaKcWv0LyfQLoti5bwuRfbc6RLF+87TNuTNts3IGdgwUPUSkqE35fnQVfFcu3Cx7df5E1JT7GljT3nl5wUwqC2Ye6ex/gCP9nW1b9j1IZN++W51tA9PobG7rHthTROfAzq6CTyKSNWOSjMxqpmbh0sdoP0VwwWce4MoTb5B+KuG61dN4snoPj1/RnkfHcRnzRS7AmZyAC5/4woM8WTeND7CIKw99CgBnAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAKQBtRrADg6wCafJcs0lmgQgKMDLHHEvEyfVD/fkFm1Th0A8wRMWAPlzBjypLOMxYpz9MoB8ONjCXiqM8oVMD7cMBzFEM77yQSf0+XNNli8elwDRzcL681MwyQTljFYBwIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACcGLcD1Qf1icBC/uU/sJn3+Dx43xKf/U4PqUfSDi1jPnj1cQd6ZqeI5d5BPv5+0Q4/G61tW3m6hNp4+sTaW8Zkz0Rlk2b1F65HHsimp0GseOxb5I5IopC/7fJ9BtEsfMbZLaonUpfo6N2Kq1+7XdEXlM7lVrGZFfug8+Vy7Erp/bKCS+9/nsir/epZd8i85JS1vf3H1N5VSkT/vYjKv9Qy179Ohnl4ArfK6fuC2ezaaszkHNfuKbRIBha6Flop1LWQ5cdV8pa6bJe5R1X1ZBldcrBCfTBme8eXEF75XwWrVeKxe2a3NfAlv2NPWb6LW9vbdxJv2NW197Y2kuXmY837u/iWDzke3BjsIwxkrOwpo5rIcRqOMvMXGV1dQUsM394cOOyDmR87/hTkfEBZAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABOB4A9q8WsYku10G4KgAQz6P08yyzZ4sAPMFlAKhUMAeY/FSpmso9xpz/gZLAH4UUBf0ev12P0sPn3URa67foQrAkYawO15WrQtmg9UlegzhUU0iblmvd0kOh4RrIJYxAAQgAAH4yQBLrJqRYmYarvCWmfnKjFxlxrwOzqwtHyvAMkvJSPlPe+eS4iAQhOGl6xhN5g4eog/ks6OOj+igkQzRjRhyCGedC84m28A3EHEgVeufrvLrquqmELpoThYwv7eQfflEdWouyOsfg4u7pQA+30iv7lAyXGOUWp5lEp3SIfHqHXIUXOA/nBqLAXxuwxnJIs2WqwIky46vDM5lwS0DUG2YzoEyxSqC/RPmvTS4ZQC+kS0CMMq3M6rgkeyyU7Uh8frZapfo9m0KVPbH4yn5NQCWedYSMnVPBjrOMW1soDNNH4GubjXplLfwuhrAXR0USPjNJmJTTEaPKu9JamXleACyoNp13loAu9CEANFMdvBntJrSFQkuvlvsEGnctQBOlyJDze2uQROMfuKSZGrZFaQ2jc2WZGAyWlqtBdCYU5QxSZKAKvHSYSCHjT2x66KxR0fXgL5BrjH/8hojAIWLABSAAlAAiglAASgABaCYABSAAvAtAP4CWMIkcOGmWj4AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

pcolormesh grids and shading

![Axes box
aspect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes box aspect

![Axes
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Demo

![Figure labels: suptitle, supxlabel,
supylabel](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure labels: suptitle, supxlabel, supylabel

![Invert
Axes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Invert Axes

![Zoom region inset
axes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Zoom region inset axes

![Boxplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Boxplots

![Violin plot
customization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Violin plot customization

![Including upper and lower limits in error
bars](data:image/png;base64,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)

Including upper and lower limits in error bars

![Bar of
pie](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bar of pie

![AnnotationBbox
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

AnnotationBbox demo

![Using a text as a
Path](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using a text as a Path

![Text Rotation Relative To
Line](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABcVBMVEVHcEyIiIjz8/ODg4OAgICLi4vr6+v////9/f3m5ub+/v/4+Pf7+/va2dmxsbH5+fnl5OTW1tbx8fG2tratra2cnJzT09P19fV6enpLS0tjY2NfX191dXXh4eFDQ0NsbGx9fX1xcXGQkJCnp6c4ODhTUlLf39/d3NwyMjLCwcE9Pj6jo6Lp6elEjcCGhoVWVlaUlJTHyMhnZ2fu7u6fn5+Yl5dLksNHR0e8vb1PT0/GxsZ3d3daWlqCgoL6+vosLCzp8vjPz8/a6fR6r9PNzc0kJSWOjo75/P66urrM4O9ioMvi7vb0+fyKuNlYmsjF3O2Bs9Zppc5TlsWrzeQYGhyawt7Kysrw9vpxpsw8d6HU5vOUvtsJCgurq6ujyOHR0dFjmL2x0OZFhrMhWH+61um/2ewRP18wQEwaSWoXKTYTMUZBSEzy+f5YeZF+p8IpYoo6WnC00eaDlJ/N2+STqLaatspljahNbYRsfot2i5mBfXoaxpFpAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADHBJREFUeNrs3elb2lgbBvARlAezQAhrCAYCBEKgssuqFAW0+6J1qpXB1k7X6dXOvDPzLn/9G/RqazuicCQK9Ln7wX5Qkd+Vk3PnGE9++ulLADNsfjozU/6mqCyNgJeJ1S9TCHiZpEohBLxUeKGDgMRpdYrJ5YMiAhJljQenHND/qS4EJIlDW40d/8cpMAhIELoajAazVoBsiEJAovljiZ3X0k6gvTiESfhMZn32SBXNWGPI4oq2W/qHJoOAhKfAOVWTewllDQEJw+bjoajqxGthwiRy9v48gqsxhGFE/dhjeoCAhMkLFgAu7UVA0iMwPbcGnQCFgMRziKRVhCUcwqQ1urvFlW15QEBCv7qoZigrICBhCkEqzbrcCEiaVXc5B3IXAQlDlSWpnC3lEZCwwtRYd0MqJQABCacQvwnyPR6mBpBfnKiklqMtPm9Jjf0bm4wC9C0vTFLM/tJOW+6M/fvOrxoFuEpP1AjORKhqLmob/5lhzihAMz9RgLX+SrSHHfv3tfwggFvtmjEj4kcBTLk1yW1BQPIWyDA2QbQjIGG6WjRgoRYpBCRLq5Soisr2ExzChFlY0Aex8HEbAQkTKVnA+n7vLgIShvZH5fQrI0bwDwFIhzlILP9x4yYCEg5gf79D39vAIk0Ysb8GGNhbR0BSQDcA9/YQEJAwiYacVN48QEDieGTxw/1NBLxMbm8DAhLEe7J8QN1auYuAJClIkeMf4+kzQECS5CNRtcPBHWNK9I9wDqz659IN3+FDmB5AmuUnB3AtnQVI7hytTw8gPR8OpCYG0C7Y9BL9+hE1PYCmwFaAA7AyqxMxhF0N81bu1QOYHkDvfEbWASPz6Un4vTBDJ0Tp0+PNKQJczKVqu5NyBG4JWsbAEm0IoNW5HFmbkHMgJ1XlZcsfKz9PE+Ak1ZhuACqLW++eAAISLsOkiyEQj24iIOFliCl4EAi82wAEJAlFiXGr07fwYh8BifwC9Xr/w7NHgIBEaTYa/iq43zxAQMLsxhc04e2LTQQkvAjhTEA797YBAYnC+yU1FNs3tETPNGC4Zqso7U/PAAGJslb3BMup93t3EJAwEUslFje4RM8wINNds8qSdrSPgCSxZ11+Cry2v29TCEj0puoHOQ6guvcrICBRYmlRC5Wje5sISJxeQHqzDQhINoW4K8Ee3DK8RM8soLsSCbWdG/cAAclKdMUBYHt94w4CEkboArBvNwABiULvuhq1ZOXNPgKSZbdu3Q2K/7490rRDIeDXq7j+W6Luvxzha/iABQG/vCNtx8XAy5Fu56CFLgJ+fUtuTSoc/jLS1yQVCgFPLSbY3u/9NuSx57Tm/WGOl5oIeDoPhy3Recnn3QpqAeIHZMwaoP14p/w7w5folOYD4IolNT8xgDGOui7ANXv3+Ei693S4z1/Mx7uc5NN/XqbenRBAa2Sue/zHGcvXAJgV1P7WOo4Xt4b7/HCl4gJdkAFGLEwIoKUy12UAmuWg9xouQsI7WojlXh8OOacu7UTz/VG8oDvwEwLISZyvpR8Lttw1AOqnj56sRV8NuRKdb7aCigU4xyV2lh47IJ+L+5rXNYQ5cU0/oP5cGa5ExyodoIMVd3pxoq6FW2ab9bomEabuBsoyZIlm+n9HDMxcvYWLCV9mYVdjPq0OWaJTmkn3u+ym0jMF6BKEtpQ4HLJE27UkQDeIgF+T2PV6pH+tDFOiObOv52z4lqUeAp4alBaA/70ZZiV6UZhbaMd6tdU4IOCXCt8paUWIHQ1TojMhkEP8OHZEniHAqpASXZ4Pjy7e6z1enQsFfJDsIODpLGS4ClMcokQz/i67o3htpTgCno4tLSe92sW3c3hFP8CWVFKagICnr2tNwYOc8urCEs3afG29/PGx8TzZa1YATal0HhKZP2/8fMEnUsEC+CRubC88I4C0GO03Yu/Ti0o0L9b1k6BPWkLAb9NrRNNbXvnowhLd2XHojWfBg4DfL62kipL27oKVaFM2Bhl1rLtxz9KVCF29YCU6pghqB8KqAwHPzvP755Zoq+imq2oECk0EPDObj38//wjV2P6v0Mf7orME+Ou5O4wtlpmgaAd3DgEHNbzb522OEBPCVk6QgiUHAg7I/nk7jFG5Yr8nJovjfqzhDAFunLfDmEnq17/W+F91dgBv3lg/dwYOWMFVtyPgwDwbUKL5k0V7h5aWSx48Agfm7sqAzRHYxsmDlFIFNwcIODDbA0t0om0z8HVnBdB6//mg/lITdmwISFyiacVtchl4DM4K4KNBJdqi6We+5YMyApKW6HQIoBjwICBJiY7JfpsnWvcJqakawinmqgEHlOiUkIm0W5awOT5Vk0hWOv55r/L+wAE7jEVkCJr5mKEvPX7AxaIvfsW3+J5VohmIcZG0vAqF2pQBhoqi64pv8T2jRNPBgpLlo9FYpBSfMsBdWyVytUN484wSbe0cmPULYL8gOmDKAAGclqudRB6cVaKb89oWgN1i9IvPQo05o0Sbeiboqk7nPCDghVn/Z4mOK4q0Czat1ELAi/PwHyU6r3QTDbUKvAkQkKBEM2wxVurVdlpX8fLTD/jk2xIddzqCPPgy0JFZBCQo0R614dQ7lLJQyQMCDpHn3z8wrtZO6j16OcgCAg4R6/3vdhjzMj3VDQkHAAISlOi4KAXyjmhd8CDgkCX6m2168xV3Nq3QS4U4ICBJiS5XAHjNBleYKQd8ePrvuuKBbP/uU38SAYcv0V93GKNSvqR1VXUVBQ4BiUp0oM31967MsYCARCU6JuUYuPJMNeDzx9+sRHOlAI2AI2Tzc4legxh3IriAgAQl2ptLKtmTY5BFQJISnTnowHVligG/lujWcjRxmW08f1DAzyU6X2bB1kjYQngEEpVotqI0zOCMCk0EHK1EnzzrwiomrT21AHkTIOBoJfpkcwS71gPoVnASGTW/f96mV07zUAwi4Ig5WYlm60ozr2h+gUXAEXP8rIs10R1WE4wzkgIEHDFPn/V3C/Tppz+1DNeZKQVc72/Ta6pH9ak3UqdnC7AZjtCGA56UaNqveHXHGTsCHY7O8Y7CRt4feHNlnemvZNlF5bqfIWvEEF7NGn2L718fPPLxgWcPxWYOkCm6wOBbfDf32uoWTEbGD+gWIqzBQ/jl41y7O7OAnKeVMngSefGf4+1LEp6ZBDS+xux/rANUo+I1Xn9MNWD+8G9B/xB3xwABCWLyv32/I2ecPAACkpXop62or5aLISBJ2KD4cR/qCZiUTBkgV0r+96AHOTcCksXtY16bTazTgYCjh4F4quAXP0FxFQABCWbfZLqXauz8lRSWEJAg1rmDMED5XckfBwQkSdOsZmHjnhcAAQkTadiOfICA5HG9fe1AwEvkt/+3d3Y9akJBGA6KGVHY5VOsYkTJekKgfsEmm1I3bbphq0lverG92jVp9h/0/yf1vsaZDbDBOu/1mznmYThMkDPz+w8wwAJ62QEDLKDHn68MsIjeNnWZAf6j3QswwALaorMuGOBJffsBDLCA3jB1mQEeE3XqMgM8rl8ftwywWBHdZoD/WRF9VgBfiVOXGeBxtetYRJ8TwFoW0ecEsJZFdDUAXcdxSwdYzyK6GoBOmjqlA6xnEV0NwL4+8wGCzaLEj+cfd9vLAShrmgxw3ZXLzMAvncsBGHpeWM3bmEt5CgsBDLCOb2MYIANkgO8KMFEpApqrXWKwNpQYLK4M4LgvE+QPKa7NgBRMJgWTs8GGFMynuDyvKoAyKQMTn5JbnY1OsXUzUgJqUofiyxqkDGxWBTB1Ka5GSgoWkYYKqA6p3lYC0poOaY6kGVUFkNiKjmYjdiWiBeuo7xesAEBWMYBfsz2Y+RQ9Tq62cgsN5t62CPdwQ8rx/gn7/gOEMur77sdJM18hrlBKrxvTqVkFQEW2YfocoQc63JsrnE1wa0n4kvrCwtu/K1Jgjo2xgthm455Y3GGXXxtJd2kQLEsGKCzLMiC6gkzRT32R2/50MMbBUkZ3m/k+8QgZGOQSvnHZz8YcWit8STOSltjWe59pvqL0Swao2ba9h8gCX+xPPeTb4cF4SL812vYlD3XabK41noK2fbiqPnrUeG4AdNfIO01XCkE2NLmKW7j3eSCevAk60yNZzvG06U08QneYOG9O0T/fteHQaPmbe2x3++A/5X6KZKB0k84eJpNVFQATIUzQFdSnjgThi4OY0htanRFOcJqH36UKtMSLZ8IUI9ylmaAoXMbUsYxhMUAGyAAZIANkgAyQATJABsgAGSADZICXDvAv1Q1S8YeoI+YAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Text Rotation Relative To Line

![Annotate
Transform](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotate Transform

![Mmh
Donuts!!!](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mmh Donuts!!!

![Ellipse
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ellipse Demo

![Line
Collection](data:image/png;base64,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)

Line Collection

![Inset Locator
Demo2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Inset Locator Demo2

![Parasite
Simple2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Simple2

![axis_direction
demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAolBMVEVHcEze3t6lpaX8/PyUlJT+/v76+vr////29vbAwMCoqKi6urqKioqXl5fo6Oji4uKOjo7v7+9dXV3s7Oy+vr6RkZHS0tLDw8NycnK2tratra3FxcWamppDQ0Pk5OTz8/OGhoaysrLJycmBgYGdnZ3Ozs7Z2dng4OB8fHzW1takpKTc3Nx3d3dubm5iYmKgoKBoaGhUVFSioqI3NzdLS0shISGGiobVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAGc5JREFUeNrsnOuCorgSgFeBBCEgyE2QlnAV22vTPe//agteUYMCZs+Z3Un9cKaxKchHpapSKfqvv5gwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMm/zmBTN4SBpABZAAZQAaQyTsAOYsniRbzDWLl5QfekE/j9xrxMMZN6lClLl83fGlZjbdAlrw8QduQb0LZYJpjxcsDQBGJJLEVsUHcovxQfZv4ZfC9JJ8UNqlLzPJjxY+JX+72OumwgZu02SgQRV2Syd9+hTTH6ppHgDzRNo2oyWoH4uEfgfil8DEmHs+yJnWZ8GSGSFNAOgxGTSeoxrMJN5GrT47SWEejC0BvXh0QbZi+6xO4jwUUkvKyoubO33cxFcCFSs1jHQHaFRVJhcHyPW01gFosqbwX/YQ/UqaZc953leANgNhOZPdrvV9QAYg2jiWrPL+gA1D2Ff2TH1nIc75mVAAqEOJRsk0TCYm5jjMcotCS5L4AxyXAvbY3+dDjqAD0XJShMLc1OgCxibydbFmOJmuACsCYg3EF0A8xyA28wqEUeabXE+C3DYV4H0Y2bw4pANzqMPQqgDEVgEMIrYUm7Uyen/suogKQKw1Z5sspLImFI3sZMhfRIs3snlq/c06Ql4o3H+n8oPVZxoAM2/sp4FwZWbK9pzKFv0RoGrKxW/uO7sx3DhULRANIT7gPuc9jtROyz5U2pweZhTTubusfLsN5aEVBWy2I0ATYPfYCKTFUrsEH9nIDaqiTLdA83aUAf1+AXWeaACPfvfVvnCk+zwNfPBBD99QnaQwt+T0AZhpvI4gXdaKrbfoGQNHK3ZsDgQ3+PQCFrgDT5SZSfHy1GKHg81Tk+gJcLBdlMlG/CVXThv9dgBwcO/nCqS/0zA2E0VDoB9Dm8yVeeVdQS1dUVeX0wxddgCZ9gPb+V5cgslIW5bpWE2+ZzsyxGFdRQJQ+1h0B6kaMovhq0Fy4WUHz06ksepz/GlEcq/xB3QLnSa60jcJzh+M8LSm4wLzPYBYTHyfliCMc43WneKmqEARWBOpPZBmL/Kb0qYEUWz8mtbEurTV2jgC1UfC+Pl2EgaeVSduHm7Xz9MjjUk0iphvSoLS7lVXo0JuO2pcSxBCZgBsmtwYNp9NSHScjR4DbJIVUxqomyhjOjhYItu77Sy6YFTMkl3qE71hvZSvInYh6g7WWFqQXh3WM93WPoykWxTZ0fX4H4P3lRc8o7UXzKj2TLYXlDFwlIUprQcSiYdHZ9jM4FxNa5Wpbj2+e7EDem6eVSLuHC6x0KupJw/pT1WKVYhSebV1AOQqXFl3e4WDRIQ8MLb7RtlLkjrxOURjkynbZ4C5FT4usgBrAlfUZUE5jxKNFm1a+ag9QmDX94lhJVCgcC9Wt0xi+cBvc2wiZHFzolAAaBX9YRgelUloAI1RaNBcOxpxk91jK3UkgadltPbDdwLB1DoWqE9SDpRTQW8oBF0WHtRKMJgYlgAN+px/dTGkGZib0Azg/TedjsOwBEILzL+pIC2uuZUFxLZyi8HCVQNHwSqQCUC+sc2GIN4OtYvQCOA7zo0O0j8GyD8CrP45xntZdCy2AC2V33rFStNKJO87bAE8WfTLFH8mAvaZwkPtWXJ6m+v78oZzVvZhgJnJyCJbIBfSqMbpkXfegRNlRVWS+A5ADB4uu2YttcrAfQBG5a7kKljahHtgdoI6U8kmu+EKnVM4CAuRM5Nw8pK0fy29ZICiyKlhSqAdWxuur0EEmIeXrVQ88uBZ+Ra0eaLvLe9cC/AC85wODfJ1RqQeekqv4k7yo6wUQhDF5q7wfwMVEeTAVEbyVBwommpGXCL0AGju/IA+tF8BUKzSOGsDStSxp1wPLYFkmV7YtUAEIqmDJOQIlgIvKtaQGJYCCc1jiQzujB/AULE0+N2gAjB6DZTeAQL3Jw60nDRudAWbaIQ9f7WJt1QhQ6WjR6BgsXZxbF88qCheA407qymD5rB2oDcBocnGfZbB8WjKddKsHHopWldrYjHHUCDDuMktOFl0JXsaXHWXvrF74blFxEy1vd3gK+qf1fINW2hsvtY34U63lMQ9/AFh0X+JXg/r04xQ0AQSTqdHaoq1aBdSJT4VEkBrpJYX7brHvwGnWXq6KVuhVd4/3tX/ZQuXlP4fHN/f9V8XX7UfRy7UAs5bhX7ooLlN43rIibexumzXO01ayrt6Q+8he1/SD/Eu9z8MbLHCtvqxIr5aDASTn4Q8W6I5bbhEMrKKpMHzpougURMTwcWV5DHreHM0dBXbxgWChH4tWL6V1FK65FvhuELHToGhyLfUuim5RGG+IwTJIhlqKV7hjFBaHVqvuxpYAMyy1mkXtAOpb1NCyettF0QVgGSzJ9sJxXuy5OO0EkDO1uF1vYyuARqKgdnuBrQCmWpNrueuiaA9QH1plHmk8PmSjxAAiq2MeuNQkUQwFSgAPrmVg0gI4P7gWQER410XRFuA5WMY3u09l5ie6aLeCkWJ0Aqj6Svu9dxJAkOpt8/DOAM/1cJRoj/H6vouiJcAUHZMrUOS1nl011sBgx5drEq7NSsQwrivLLq2bJIBl0L88gQW/MzqoewGwKlodJ4a7ye9/9bGLohXAa7AU483kenY4wyEcRe2WcmCX4yO2Watg+RwgGs/4c9HK6tYo+RzgcYl/CBbKtu7yG7ooWgAsLfoSLIWZEV0BynuNb12N8QroVfsUK2uodxowEWCEV3HdtVACWK+HCwF3s3Aid1G8BMiNkNnk6tWpvWsPMFFwUOXhnSs1xCByDPrNwbIPwGeupamL4ilA0amC5ZPkaoTJrdWk5iJgzo5FK9gdIPcsWHYGaJLHKjzNw5u6KM4lfTwgzCvBx36PN42M1bdDPG3ZJVheRjbgNxkpSADP6vGWkb742o1JnKxceupaiF0U3Hh4KiZMh6TivNqrjykqflkyado7fg9tqrTe7kiLAoD7vP6VSd9r4rRfvHgaxC4KMcxf1AP7dbJ/NAyt6PXGmzdtyK367U9uG/PtLOo+QWbPg8gcW3r3W2xMpLle22uNK5F+m3VNQQT4WJE6a3sRhT9HMi/QA9hP+m5rdgRYOhg3oQ0w0mCu/yEAlxgjnTZAQUEW+EMAwnmfV79eJdLCSoR/CsBe8pu86sUAMoAMIAP4fwWo0AWo0gUoUAVo/hMA40KlCVCZ0QS432UU1W1jlz5AsFlSfMrC96dIE+DE4WhaYI+lwf98Cs//uCnMgggDyAAygAwgA0gZICdSBQgATYBCQBVgz7E+pjFyLUua1//Wknt/hexcP6vnVYc2ztpKpN4/FNX2hoT7P+MEnPNIamDUarC1PZGollFz9caVhx2fy35Y/ebs9DaNaT/WSyZaOwNUrzOf90TWo5N4e3N0keHaufzfwfj6QyXuxDv+x9ziy0F5L5cHvqXzSf60pkHTaj9M/Vt1+VlJOLl848R89bGVz9q3Ye36m9rZu82NspG5T04q1tPrgDblfTkfyOk6Vsc6q6+N1VFypxzT8c+ewOhy5dth1bWYd/c4cv5m79ybk+WVAD4KJJGbRAhI5IFwFQRLtc/5/l/tAGrVFhCUvvOeM3Wm/3ih7I9NsrvZ7H7/5PRzw3jictbNla/fqv42sbF49LI63/n6f168ua+yGvi3DPLLr1+AvwB/Af4C/AX4+/oF+AvwfxggaK/DD7oK9J8+AWjsz565HOD+kZt78nLCaU+kvbUEWytd/SveeV4JD3L7p39bO04oadp1uXCv8Mp6Rdp/VrS3w3jvbIfxplV3eGjvb6EcCmU6WZU06KveNus8GCrVXj4wOsJWHYcNjc7diGOdHors9t2ejupt3RXnkvq2hTgeFY15UtabEqDo+23iznwlzD0KZzXn1/FdVMPt3GvSnwhncZ0Z9Rg9Dmc1ZxhuRX5S1pt4YJTUB5mwDXzUnDwS4LObYU03B626O5yK8TTNCGKzuacptjcbgIKJKvGcGVSlaZoRVADlgsSMt/7Sv6IViknKIqa+AJBJ5OgfignKRdYA2Z6GZV6weBqAR5m5WkhJyBvTtcOQM/HginMeMhB6MnWMyLafBViNVbYiayuSJsgCqAH6howJ1VQ2AcBq1mImOdKY5zNeenFH/AJwjWA4J4WvGaGaJprE7BfaYQgfFhTCom6HYSmv5yiIqyW0y+qepLU9QQLAqhptZKbZvMjzriKF+hQAwUGCJrUQtQQjNiVdzPRcnbnbZwEWHDRVauAM0deTFOghgp6fUdMs6ARZGasDhqZnerQoMy/DRj0rAO9VDSRT5otwf+Ipk1nE9fkhLCdJWVqdTu5yfnTVPeuIXgQ48bbmEk4K8Me3NbHK/bsAbv/NAFvWNbBrq0r0C7DtBT52MPk6xQQKUsP791CGXga4FVXgL/7PTipxB7tk5It9ocoREe8FdaPtqwARs2VHzJ/wR/7VQ/i9KL+f6fJXX8vQoWHL6vcSoNnn5n9ltbKVNt6Q88T/TJhgycXvxYQAgfFBNJl48Z1emFGpkLshHIThkEkx339J7QD079mpxhYOkzDNwtEr6syYMskcGfyUGar64mC5iZnzd3hyWTbLu8ekmWo44Dy3VXdVa06sNyf7Pfru0nNYZ3lEsZa5/G2bhyAeJsofpzVSkjyXK07387aHCJ5srPLGAlsuw/DuzcyEdyMtiUODt4YPYfDeoMmoBkEhnvQHcRx3k0+Fl5BqbBAC4aNl3AsA+T54xtwSDy2VAjigMgSeUc3V2qMS5Mz74CSHwM3NqZqdDivOchNM8BSm5nOIY4eDKLFLp47S8rwS+WY9ny6omsJSkQeUa/qWZK4HNFKaBs2KMze2I6e0r0nmYGbsHJ6QsL45Go/1ZVcGRDbE5HBeJbDpNze3ry5XSknz6NU1nw3rQnmzCseOybIwquz0OCJza4tBHaUFeBmIRLE8hGfyJk3dAc73vRmj2rzix2oTwRSQnkgR2SXjAN4QF7IjKY1cb+K1nKfGPs/boxg2nohU2Fk90PBCITRwT7JWIlo7EtV1KumKlGMBLlNIMtPEvibmZ+X9jNK61ZsqtPl8Lr+j4QCrYZ84vPFVPmSWZAH6uzK3AazkNLQy+6rAukGiHKJ8DMD0VO9yfm2AfJGVy0XN9qBugrEAoR8yzEnaopUQCEjlhFvafkBI8xMgCnknaV1BMCUOHauBs7120+6xfsgXITOldIIxAD3cVMZvD3ogaXhxqitAZOMZzrS022op9xu4HGJeXgACmn7iFuxbH77SPUw0dxzAJX+KGZ1ye4NQVEn5GYbK1j43AmAtetgdnUUFy8YC9KgLKa/nnUMfKNudM8iqPgN0tTu3XY0/yxypdY8omMjWGIDGuRureRoETCWpclMGXPA1dQRAT5mjeSekTHQJFcYOYY/UacKdEzKn14XX3MEAY3Y3K8VhJNufxnEjK4pEYShA7ngydN2jUQT1nl8InVV5qSTVKGLCzMEAl3XwpdtbwwgK9M4WM+OHTep1ecAsMmP5QICWhqE3u87E1EfxeScXWBdJfQcMAwiUE3yT7aFbqOpO3VUWVVTXA+cg4NNGl7EWDASYsAH+1eZaxMMDsf0IIB426tUBBGuAC75uNhKhJQ1O/xnxxWWXbxfJl/rnksINAQj42u0QAsObVVPMfO9uMAh0aFb3oou6f3TloG6MgMhmEMCEDTJ8zAvBLGRdEddPQxrJA2dNtcKATNwPUI2baikIB6l99l6WbBWeF+LIh87FD5PKAQA5xziNUUc0ncy428HwDI/pdK0otRKiIXWkDZUNNBzjuoM9F2yizUYTHsyBg60AOJORG6nqvLviOvd3I59lDJfuuVanGBwX/Glt3obsqsfiw77fYnH+jklgmCjfq9D5Ie/7pxULP97LXvlkcHzEiqrlfheKGgi9XoDgMGIHcxNBL0mlsvPIlPBn737KxnK9eTazlOjW6QE4LLox5x4WsaOHc7CNY3Z7X3RVpeHqJOFMezSrvh1GFHAVJYhUJvNh+WAIh2O8/DKASqB2ZwkIH1f7BWe+VegXw7eZDPepy27MYZ09sI3EtxNusNWjDgMXGJ/9wKVHqrAaszkPKrMDVNMbFh6YMaMq+yHNM0N2DP3uOfD63XThF/dTu8uuFbgTv3JvSpr0D+Hzs3BmQ2woEvTXf1hZY2RdKgJwbOGhHbgeE0PW12WF/D1Wki4NvIZsQF1jN+pYud1tk9tzW1q5DeDqNOY4t1dV1bMPun3rr/+wkkdEg7j4Le4ts3eZA9/HEIxjDWO2ybuaLAh/3q/Kqeac/ya3irRlYbMYJ/39KehqiAMOE4oktquEfVDj4201YrghKSHcoHjguKOoGwr9pC8eeKMrauFg9/tNAKmkO3SqoMG7/UMYDduXoUStV6St8sCMGbfLI8ZDXbkxc6uGehT7Ph7ostZHmPuKE85OXYoCOjge2BcIZ4lUN0eE/WXmxx64dpUfAHht//MYYFvqa/P2US7ZEZxWJTABwMpzcJy0mn77n8foE+uK+gMAZ9FwgJ0eu/O5Hs6zKQBWXtJe5ytHqXfaGg1wIf0AQEDQywD9q1Fn0kkA5nyCcfXlaDklQFX5AYDwmL8M8Nah7St1OyIz4bw7Ii2mBMgR7wcA9un1E7kxCp4E4EUTj1MChPP8BwDm8+cAuupyO1KhxwPEyqQAJesHAOrKcwBLUQ7vDCtPhzmGdjAlQMCDKQHWMzRQ24+5PA0QEKHTvO0DKK2odFsvXGdhIAZwI70GMPfyxtg4H4rh8ZQAZ7tKXGa3njh4vvydAvzOSF5PcpFAC/42nLmgM15HMO45DtFVS//2qqRSbLduqHLyj6I+gKPL3+kRnGmI4baLXurGpItxGWnYSJFuxq3hkcT4EOOhWSs1wHqUMKtDZmyxd+lRJoNQruJoU+n+LG66VUV006G1rvVHHtlzIPG1GmDYNg4D8jxAYLLrPttggMHiHno1hOPXAULkFHWivVASp9bEaQHWKVfVEO4F+MQQhpR6wX/bu9LuVHkgfEC2G3aBomhZZG1RUNv//9suQZZIuRDUfnnfPOe0RyBi8pCZTIaZxFoqwhEzsNG8WqAP4lMi3GnfMNWZ6oHsXyrCSjnYwHhEhBcPIoLFe5FkuQsHEU8b97z8MZ8bRMSD0kyHfacqzXivHEQS8AtmjBI9ZMbo5nV0nhrETxHIWXebTwvM6pUEHoJfIBCZvXK2sk3xCFyljRds2MDIfYpAyrpZfquk7nrG/qWGdHD4BQK3/XsOQ5IdX8ci0GijFhPoI6I6vcIywlMEqs2rJO8az/omlhM45Zt4mEBkuy+OuYh3r2MnCDw128qxcRjwH1I7uir7p7wxgtt0bM5YzXWZ5QRyI1uqdFL3KIF3LjchYGJMHbiy22B4LmED33Rv74vs7VMEtvsDqn5YbyfGGK8kkBoJnuik7lECY3Rg4h7yxqTJTvrINBPqw736FIEfZ7qmzAl0uCDipANvOYFj/bmTukcJLPNV3I57XCTqDxDoMmFVBxvkAadb7FMEVjJQaz0lC4LPSj+bryRw3B3YSt2DBMIWi201VUYTHvIHekKoHtXEZqdbjOuNERg5B7THc5r3SgLfPkcV49CZsFqUwRHYvE613xCZcijCLuZkyayTTGdaDMPbsG4W+JkzVC9jM5FlMzl5rDd0Ute+WN8wC1IFYlvjFN+Xmq+ku4EVzL6Hi3LLzemVKUChYaVFGMKbq7GVyE03pTgF+FUTxN3ojKGTurYHZktSLYzzln/T+Fu0Gq/+sIHZr0XTTeFsTod2FJgZDMYKvm3dbabzJ9byAmFj48uoid9J3UPBRWkl8HopgduXHPBzKrfItUOLeMFFsyrV96peoUtJOR1ctOjp2g70ILE8e9/DOqnrYmMWLDrBSS4nZwdbvGmu+DjcQ5f9spYo6TlPkHPBC54FtSbYz8XRrIsFGXaKBJ9J5OfsFs1Q6KWuI5DB79dXk/8IaN/vjeN42AMX6EDDn3t2YB3irEriyXBwEOm5csUGP5iUa3wUSSzYWeJ11eilrhNh8RP3pjCqmWMVT/p3iO97riXYVZztXuB4wNmfst469m02QLUS4St2omzUirsr7Pdx5rcdr5e63g6kMZ/LrvZ7pMrBnnBnubqPZwpyGEm5YMObezwBofx5VbQWOQ0zIBx0nOy00A6Nq53EA6nrCWRLLAbtOqaDC6eGCWhIuz5OOCknY1i10JDe4iSU8AnOcmmVIe3hMQgQdaCoiaYfDXO4Bgc6E6FrXye6ibKgDG3v4OZ3CmodMKaMoc1bz0SaGGo0xRp9rVX/jK7N9T+hnYmIdZ4ciya+usPKHaQZY4wVmpmIYIn8XFu5yBlMdLLdvR8TptzevdY0YYAFulW7ilooQOGFa3PPOrHP7hIx0SGz2w6j0qtVLe72rECHlpLj7zSl0Zq3aN5qDk/e3om8aVWX3qLbYaCjtxnzbBAhfHy0jwbdntY+dGYMoLnpthqoclk57eqFSAU8aArumhUsj3QFkF1KuQB0B+vUH4BwA4qT0xxUf/tLdDv4XJ+6UlFxrU58MXWZ9RH4d3cIkYOTL39byG+dw/YW312xqlD173gu4WftWy7XZf+F8tx/ppkCbNbI3a5rq73F+tqdLeTqxHsGyznnAjATbS0vodMfZ+1FpK0gPILqn31bxdfNIVI1p9S8B5UiB2kKryMXVar5pCLF6hIp1RYY3gE5oCh19GJ/3+akqjSVo3Lk0o+apujFfLxyVFc5eH6yrXeV6y8ip+uTlEDWkX4ahEBCICGQEPi/JpCAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgOA/h7+GV+84Yi56CQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

axis_direction demo

![Parasite Axes
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Axes demo

![Parasite axis
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite axis demo

![Simple Axis
Pad](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axis Pad

![Anatomy of a
figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Anatomy of a figure

![Bachelor's degrees by
gender](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bachelor's degrees by gender

![XKCD](data:image/png;base64,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)

XKCD

![Decay](data:image/gif;base64,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)

Decay

![Rain
simulation](https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/_images/sphx_glr_rain_thumb.gif)

Rain simulation

![Path
Editor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Path Editor

![Poly
Editor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Poly Editor

![Resampling
Data](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resampling Data

![Zoom
Window](data:image/png;base64,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)

Zoom Window

![Frontpage contour
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frontpage contour example

![Frontpage plot
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frontpage plot example

![Custom
projection](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom projection

![Building histograms using Rectangles and
PolyCollections](data:image/png;base64,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)

Building histograms using Rectangles and PolyCollections

![SVG Filter
Line](data:image/png;base64,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)

SVG Filter Line

![TickedStroke
patheffect](data:image/png;base64,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)

TickedStroke patheffect

![Plot 2D data on 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot 2D data on 3D plot

![Draw flat objects in 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Draw flat objects in 3D plot

![Text annotations in
3D](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text annotations in 3D

![Loglog
Aspect](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAA1VBMVEVHcEySkpK7u7uUlJSIiIj+/v/m5ub////s7Oz9/f2Li4uOjo6wsLCBgYHb29tycnLy8vPj4+Pg4OD5/P3d3d3v7+/09fWEhIR3d3f6+vr39/doaGh8fHxtbW3R0dFTl8apqaliYmKcnJympqZbW1vp6enV1dW3t7dQlcTZ2dmZmZnNzc2vzuTAwMCzs7OhoaFSUlKz0ebKysqtra3ExMS20+dJSUmKiorHx8cYc7IgeLU4hr2gxd95rdLb6fMhISE7OzvI3u1bnMgSb7BBQUEVcbE1NTXUKgrtAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADi5JREFUeNrsnQ2XmsgShoMKBSI0MPLVfEQQcIRViRrHmSSbuZvs/v+fdMGZmOTeSRZsxFG7zgnK2Bzjc97qqi66mzdv9gbUqtqbF41yoQApQAqQAqRGAVKAFCAFSI0CpAApQAqQGgVIAVKAxzZ5rDDC/kx/equF5SeLF5qr4e7FVp5OO1t/dOUAM2T7z29ZsL24fIHMKU6X3gvNp8GuwVJ6It1d8NNrBThxnCksAsdS+rwpaCI2na7/OcjGDtKTjeXEGYLifUEUDL2wktgq8BwQHdcwP0uaFKSQjrOx6lho7twJ1wYwlkNLy9W+owdcIEw9P9d4nMs2N5W68uNw4fpWEvl3btF0jArTiktyLcxBm3rzrWPgYZIPw1GnN31UkcPlwysDyKaeF6w9WFq8wwUge7gfhHak2yYK3KkDapC586+SlRZtuaQwvPNs2VEstFkU6pQd92u2GHXuisZhCl52ZQDtjTyIpjnPFApUInUUYX240XJN3fB9S37kRpZvZRHP60XbkVuYWoDM43HkR7yT+oEduvxmG447vcSBtAvO8tpcOAwsF7qRJ+oBjCPL1DxHtJkg6zmoqwUoUpNe0caZ/XjNIvIkbHnBQHEk37GCZDXZhkMJRiMwk0sGyGX4BQ0+H7KA3b0XyjZYePq7wO6irW2/fE3REFh7H72/HS4WoLaY//IzoTehifQvlYdE8C1Jx2KHjkQOihSZBVYyXhj+uDiJuZhryZRLcWHVBYSXYrYoYmjMuJHYb8Uk6VIADgsFyqvwubOfdVv6Wr13IQB5Kx9kyOWff1ZXbOt7LwWggG0M9n6UqnUpQKLRr0QVSJgOUgWSde20DyQz3GEoQLKskLowWRAxqQuTJTU+dWEahU8ahUPqwmRReE5dmLC0QF2YAqQuTIMITWMowENtSgFSgNSFzxggf0eDCJHZS5rGkJlMXZgGEQqQAqTFBArw0GICvStHWEyg94XpSIQGEQqQAqQAKUAKkAKkACnAOsYKFCCRrUW/UYCsYVwHQGW0BmPUASEbNVpM+Pjhw0f2GgDyKQImlGZGyAPYWlPFhD8f7u8f/rwKF+bKpV5bZuxOi18VNrXM4T8PDw/3768CoCoBMtYiVsq1wEJTCrRvv3y5Na4BoJHm2aJnPa/Gb2xuzM1fnz4qVxFEjM7EF2bf9oVpLIi8vxV+v0KdztL/vQDf/nGlI5GG1om8v715jQDtiT3hvqeqTy4iTJTy8H8d9mx4wDfwotiOAE+kwIjvxPuT8faJasSVh/h/26JD9kCw10w7AmwZIHdXhMnYFSN9wA00GOuZ2+M2+WAquUMhEK2EDfS45/60yZcruROIJVedLmDsV/2mRu6JVBBgywD55SzSUTr4B3t+gTKQo3mmIDFWs5Fj5+I80oMYjeaRUW61Vli5g4kVrHMZhaNIcfqB0moQqSDAlgFqrvU4jRQhUlDiZuCp3SC0zUFJa6MHGkS+kzwiFBWjMWNYWLmA35rAXRrZEHHJ58qbVrFJtx0BtgxQSuPNNBryXw2USB0710B1Vr0VBJ3pRs/XONccOZ8q5f5zmYeQVyoQMeDNI03PlV7eq/xNTczOqiLAlgHOI/erOs+9DUbJNrc2QxMF00k+SAOUK5ETiYKjDyIkFgAFA2Oj3HFJyh3HXkXRYu1hZ101iDQwP7CSAI8A0Obwb9KzWLeBKw6BX7wogi7rxR850Hhd0HVttzFnLP/U0ynKsODIqaAbYOhVO9sGZqhWEuARAOqrrv3vUvSM4ybS5FG4mgAbBMgOJEUYmzLMzH8HyMKRjbwi/a6SABsEKEwDbistLYy7haNlndZsZh8DYEUBNurCVjwegJWkq+IXbQfReNCKzQP1hTyQuKBaUYCNAnT5wULYd24VHLkZY9QjKLCqAJsEON/0ZMt63tJamAe4JYDiMQBWFWCTALmhLCjfSyemcsYAKwvwaIk0y1knBUhYka4swOMBXDvGCQESFhOqC/CIQ7neKRVIuG/Mu7c3pwbI+t4pFUhWTKghwKMAzNY2sMlpARIFkeo9YAMAsb7fNRKXiYsusEm4POsoXEeAxAATiYnB4EHRwU4jHUbIxLDQzhpgHQESA0TuCEPsZpIPLEax4eH+ehFiECbBubrwzdt30B7AzaQ7AvA/7+aUIZ5HsFhN5jGA4p5rHlhLgOQK9EchGGZaPkICOxr2VGn5CkYiBHlgPQESA5y6dzrES0jk8gkSJl6jUHgFAAluKtXIAY+aBy6d8+wDawrweACH6DwB1hTgUQDq+vlWY+oK8BgAhYkony3AugIkB5iINpRhQwBhZBrgSwMWRtm5AqwtQGKAihQZwDF4sSzvKsW251tJthDOdSxcW4CkAIXurCycznPG3ifSA5FRT16NOQxgfQGSAjSQ9c8EhFUkloUES1c8YDonzQMFmwBgfQESuzCrFArkUrvs9lZfRZy6ln5SgFvJPhjgzW1tATYQhRV2N8+ALeevDAXQDJgNcPsA9UUHlHDA2ik+eCx8gACJAerT75z48oGzGgZuN2m3dYAI+mNzAmEBECeHbEKL376H1gF2UjQEfQgxB3aY61C4sCKE8QlcWH1a6jUtn3zJL+oXE24+3n5Q2gcoFGkL6O5kN68ZxWUQmXVTBYR51PKNdU4CpMwYG+/6wPqzsz7+fX//iW0dIDtASZFNf159rwcOsnURRwSpXQUq4mY7llB2aDmL/fT3w/1t+33gkO8NCgXOd2skA99GvuWfJArj7XYKmbx3jNp94Mf7+y8nUODAHGPQZeC48unQIk7Kodzp64EHFFTfffjrk9F+H/hrO+1YuPZSrwMGIZcMsP72d38ckAMeC6A2PDnA2tvfHTIIOVo9cM34J3dhrtuOAIkBjt1090hL1gYh9BSYlTeVxsmpASpjsR0BEgNUDSsDzuSZJQicE5e3NbNZWQ887U0lZcW0I0ByF9bK6svsMWT3ifQqDLmT31SqNxI5XIDkibRV/PftEJn6DiD2cH/2CqJwzfXChwuQGKATMCpwK+gUcWOxMfEImcYrAFhvxfrN7Xs4FUCs8/vlDIqis7Cf7XbaKFzLhQkEeLEjkToVaRIBXirAWnNjSAR4qQDrFBOIBHixLlzjngiRAGkfSChACpBQgBcLsHIaQyjASwVYfSxMKMAjADTW6isAWLUaQyrAJgEK5RgEA78W7fNxYVIBNrlnwiLiFRN1gE93o7neOaxYJxZgk7t2GIibMDriJJ8FmDObPvOT7U9F8ft5/+lf+ad+tzjeMb+4qP/Dpd8uEMuXfjfiDgdILMBjbDoRzoRy+Tryh/KPZj6/aums+GCY9Mrjf9s7Ax5FjSiOR/QxjIiDVJBBsOgcGqTgRs2dzbaX9Jp+/69UQHfFvauCYG31vWxAyJvI/vKfN28Q3qQnDTUy/I2xVo1EhOOTNsNINQ6fOvPMPV4a6cmuMewJw2ht0xb9juFer8D6Amw0BjJDUmXvred2PzzaobwHeH48zjYmEMshYBLH4t0PqjZPW/M8rqYnHSsvcpTuFNK+XoH1BdgkQPHiyip7r24V0OpXQ4Nr/oWr68Y0IMBGFZg9bH7zkkTlrFzdmAYEeNvqbbuw+gVZ0hWNlMXgCgU2IcDbAOQ6zSNVMqtwJY4FhJpEn3Qr/BqVvePt6ET/7kGEMgCbEOBtAMYvElkylcp++QsB/8WwNOanaWT5BNJRp1y22Y4kS6gMsBEB3kiBs17AuB1G3QoPWXI33H7h3sBdlx99wPH4LDFss9/ilQE2IsAbxUCRDDWi7mJhVrgUbZisiD3x4ypTGMbVSLcHvX7lLtyMAG8DkC6F4gWsWgVtbk8iTfaqPRjsTE2xitxr0phmBHgbgOvxeL5gfrUr6U1teca2ldrQ9ic16Nj9KwA2JMDnXdWrIQE+LcCmBPh4AGU/KAEQfvn2EwI8HYMGWUFlhYiFfxng199ffyMI8FR5zCaJzUIh5zU0zxUfA+v1z19fvyLAUyqGS5giLZNVQkjwxTt3M+HiUl1PGQMzgM5atbbpVJo60Zlf5UB//ev8YnHPCJDuxvpIam0Ot7POPhsDf3z7uSEBPg5Ac8SSoDN7mwaefdEGoLn7lg+aBza0ptLzAmxiOYynBugsEGC9iDjDLlwzr8YVrlGBd42BCcbAejbELowA75pIjzAG1psZTzAG1rM+duF6ZiDAenlgG2NgvTxQwhiIacxdLUSAOIjc06rWjUGAHwFucBDBLoyDCAJEgAgQAd7HaqyphAAzC/CGKs6FMQYiQASIABEgAkSACBABIsB/0SYCEGDlma8xBDLYF6sI9m/JI8Aq5ixfnDlze8psGZMVT4nSeQtobuRtA5DvCYXsM6EFK7rmW3L8A4AfuO5PZq7B6CG6MHPascmAc2p4qRKDjv3Z1XIbZ/uxrWmM5QdTzbNtj3na0Wyv4GqPNc2dHlzd8T+45iczV23aegyAXF1bLIt+QVa+ECj0zL1WfCvVSxJQWE8AegoVIBlyHIuCrvrS/sB30o2cAHV8ChuTCqokciz5Bdcw3h9Mtul+sMhcySPEwMGnMFF7J9GIF/cc9uUN0z0nPO2HUVxszguu+QE/uAIHui66Hlbu3NdKfHP9/wOkQptZoqVUaEFv4fpIeeB/xR4YIA1LV1iBvokAv4MStzZlX9mE9gYBvps5GhFZ0xQxWF0skbSYhiDYgswTBHgcnuce6UpJu7ddXRweFG1nsMAzIx8Q4LvpjNjyUAuW88u+rfWuRbS5UHUEeOzDjIyiXaeUr7oOXc4GOAoXJ86dz2LCWKk6mfGLN1TZDBBgMX0xdT0rG1zGLN3kxKzzbZhIYyKNABEgAkSACBABIkAEiAARIAJEgE8M8G+mugZe7Q8xAgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Loglog Aspect

![Scales](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scales

![MRI With
EEG](data:image/png;base64,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)

MRI With EEG

![SkewT-logP diagram: using transforms and custom
projections](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACi1BMVEVHcEz8/Pz6+vrl5eXj4+Py8vLr6+v//////v7g4OD4+Pj5+fni4uLe3t7m5ub19fXp6enw8PD+/v7f39+1tbXh4eHW1tagoKDx8fGlpaWqqqr7+/vd3d3k5OT39/fs7Oz29vbz8/Po6Ojn5+f09PTu7u7t7e3r6uqPj4+oqKiYmJjNzc2UlJTc3NyMjIzV1dXQ0NBcm8fb29ujo6PZ2dmrq6uRkZHjbW6+vr5hn8lmuma0tLTGxsabm5vH3evBwcH6/fqJiYriaGluvm63uLhzv3Kpy+J+sNPy+fLo8fdoo833+/3hYmPu9+7S0tLKy8qenp7T5PD97+/f7PXx9vqMudj65eaioqLqiYr++fl2wnb8/v/3/Pe6urqc0pxzqtD+///zv7+Cx4LU1NSJyojC5MLR0tGysbHldXblcXF7wnvzubnH58jngoLtnJz2z9DvrK3+9fXh8uH/+/uBgYGGhoa41Of53t9gtmCr2aux3LHc79z2xsaurq6Tz5Oi1aLl6um44Ljme3tpaWnl9OXO6c6awd3qkpLU7NSOzI7q9uqbwt332NlxcXHrlpf76uvh5+fbWFp5eXnWf4Dp5en9//1ruWr98/P1+fnsoqPup6jgwsLPZGLvsbL9///hgoPv8/S/1sDp7u3apqb8/f7hjI3Ym5u10+WHtNOTxZOHuofd7Oze39/g4uLkzc3atbW307fo5eL49PVcXFxtpcw8a4Tf1NXb5NufvtOBkZy1y9rD0ty81+yozajX3OVgoVtMjKgyjY9IljSWY0To2tqzqqqrsav38PDdzc2txNT59/ezr63v5OSHcY5zr9aneYycm2uBu6+32s13kbS0ZEZaqYp9dzh5Z4SVn7znQAvAAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAGqFJREFUeNrsnflXE1kWx80CLyEJQTCITULYwiKCqBEUsTsQsF0A6WhzAAFllR3EVllU1AYXGmkcGtB2aaeNzkyfOePYZ+Z095npmV9mOzP/1ISkKstbql4Vwbxzut4vFJeqOuaT+5b7vfc9t22jbeCX1LZtQVMAKgAVgApABaACUAGoAFQAKgAVgApABaACUAGoAFQAKgAVgApABaACUAGoAFQAKgAVgApABeAvDODpz9KPVFkrr1QqAOUBNJRYClLKCpKqks3tN47sCGsRv5BMIUvNjn8FLOE31fzziMhjVO8WeawmIZZduExfll1QkFWlUu+vqkwNtb727lSotZ+GLacP8VfOvX//buPn3va+4F+d+1eeNaSmflQJP1bavhd5dxFsqTwEW7prGmCT/90FmhgCbPi85uCV7kNXDvmuCx1hf8g2w7cmJCJPa7381UTPTf9PR9g7vhztvwSAV4s8lpgBWzKzkZuMybDFvh22qPzvvhFLgOqMBODrAf5PtCs+ZM8ywncmmwywKT+fozdbWzvl/7wGE/+xPeP95UvrvgtLLvxYmg22eE3psCk7D7ZkpCBI9f5v+QMNI7NwGEAMraR8ZPzkaC1Mzs5wpiAtXXnz2OWNi+00tHKoaGXCFkegT7AIEKWVYEI+EU9rYhD1rcvllwK0rFGmFdbSrSpWARrItEKN963VBzf5ISlE6/lAC4mWXh4tkwo2abgxkUGAGFrIP1LF9cS2rp42xLdGy7/kfAvIoaWyorQcsMVsAawCxIxbxJ5Y39oR6oncRUvzyCUirRxST8T4VqjlWtBJLYFVgLhR3oH2xMDP4VbUt9YfBfwP5GFoeWXRSkEWy/FJgFWAZFqYnrhQ6wIIrdFRkm/ZqHzLQKaFGaZZA5ipR79/ZOUbotU6w4/yId/y1HkItIzknihIC/FbYxZgFGCyXoBWaE4MfqKOaYxv+V1w876FocW1uLD4hjGAVOOWLS14OdyD8S1PtQdLC1leqmlo4UIXNasA001CtDCBXn1tG8a3lp4EAz2JvpWmFaTFBXp2wCpAlFauSFjsHwRhWk3V//795n0LQysQFkWELkwBpBMR4sN/65jC+Vbzm8cUtKxUIoLIYpwlgAKSC6knDlf0Ynxr7NG4TBFBeujCEsCkeJpxKzzQm3XPYHzr6+q3L7aGFmZ5yQ5AuzqFQkSIoLXqnsP1xIGnL7eIFiZ0YQdgno0ouRDHrdYJnG/1P42WiIAuxs3w8pIZgIXFOfQiAtd63cdR39KN8cFw2GKcSqByyAmLmQF44LRXfNyKDPSGK+YwvjX26A8UPZHCt+gCvYOsAGy0CtPyt4iw2OW+jwtdBl69kCciUNBSIwv9cz8lMjOJILQyhcNiV2s9zrdeP6fpidEK9P7653z2ciKUct4GQNS3Hr9qpliMb15ECLSzJ3/KYRSgsIjAAcxEfUvfVN4SFcmFKiz+9Nj/NIwCFB+32lrr9bie2L/4PkQEf/vk8LmDjAKkCIvbWn+w43xraVy6iGCVlVtXnfyQybwwAFRhsau2D+B86/qIdFp2itDFgtSbHPsYsAqQRs5bXZvB+taGnhplyQUfupzYd4JVgFTj1vffTeEll+YhYRGBUOUiOdD7+BhgFaCFJiy29fTiQ5eRsfcgIgDw4UkvqwCpxq0ce+scFLoEaF0q90ijZZJSiRBspw5/AhgFSFcTZAwlhSNpLfZv1rfMNLn1u58CVgHiaoLQsNjAZeSQ0GXontBiPEphcfKZfWdZBSgmIgR8KwfMTuFDl+bOqIsIaG79wvmrgFWAVLl1X0/smsf7VnASNkeLFmYJ8JvzgFWAeTQVVD5aq7VzeN/qbCaOW3S04sQDvbP7zrAKUFxE4GgFcuqY0MXD1afGUyzGqSQXrxUVEb4ArAKkzq3PDJJ8687Y1osIp1gFmEtdoN/7gNQTx5eoRQQaWngRgVGAEnLrEZNwBK1rAzr8YlwtR3LBLMY3RARGAUqoCeoZJvmWbuAajlbUwmK/iMAmQFyBPqEnXhicIIYuo+PRq0QgiQhsAjTSbyxS1dYTfavz3qktLNAPiAhMAkyTUKDvch8n+lbnvWWZtNCwWE8QEVgESLmxCMAAEd/qXPlWloiQK0FEYBGgpHHL5ebX0WjdxtDKC1mSC02gx4sITADMNYBk36znH/h22RP0FONWkNaE20UMXZae0PgWRck5mlsPiggsAMzaWaA9cGXvjsB+4Twt8v07kI28quDCo+s2d5GIhK7X6jzIN4EsauxIMWI6+gWiBWNXz0OGWKY1k0Fj++7skrK4EhB34+HpBo02otmMRRYtZOpOtfkvvvrjms1/ZTMV2aB7NOWvbkWaNE7k3ZYiI/zuBif8puJS+LG/7ftLpCnnaAxrY7wXb+SVOfcUaEuAKn5PZQLUDCa7ATLlWTlLhnteHbhw5sKPPS3/L/RclhN5d7EDfnd8CmzJcJohi/q3d9OhFxXG0AMdDxvzd5TYKqtKfb/s1IuLCCA4bvV28eMWErp4q6/DJi0qudjQGYQiWxwmIvCtMaazcNgQjVRnCYXF9Wv3iYHeq3IdheQiK7ceLiLwc3kZq8VFAmGxq6NiliBQ6a711y1Gh5aIiMAhtRWyWlwkIOfdHlwgBXq68jcyJRepIgK3vDSzWlwkIOe53DNEOe/6s5dRoiUmIvCBHqO1MUJhcXACwRXov31fIgIfujAKUGhj0YNe4rjlqftenNbmKhEiFuPZzFZnYQr0+Z7oql0g+lbnCErLK05LjogAuJJzNgEKzYkTrRxJ9ASJFyvPZUkuqIhgFxURNpaXcYBVgELnbUx3kHvisyY5tGSJCHz+k0mAggX6XcMk33r8dOCyaE+k2fwhVIkAZ/RYBIjxrVCVS5u7nuRby8/vidKiqtuIE6hECC0v4wGrAAVrgu4PEgO9l6GyIgm06LYz3IUt/HFeDAIUHLdWe6YIvnVquQnWAanqNiRWIgSzhWbAKECh8zZc0+5AGIcGerr/fFP9tahvWSWfieB/DBURHBrAKkCh3Prc5AzJtx6v3FmX4VuYQM9CIyIEh2nmAArWBKm4KRgT6OkX4SmYipZcEcEBWAUoXBM037oKSId2jgzJoKWRKyKwChD1LVV4tvjC4DxRoFqM3GUodzsDjYgQtrxkDKDo6SQbe0MIgV5TdcvmaVGLCIwCFCvQX9hIpxN868moZFp6+SICmwAzxHLrUx1E32opbxIUEczSDlYUExHYBCh6aOfNm74xEX8MpSc8GZIrj5aavJ2BtBhnCqD4EadtrdP5pEBvrK4p+iLC1fMioQtLAGk2FtWv/UwM9IaC+1xpBCpctphGRIAOqGIJIM3GItA3OU/0rfH+daKIQLH5g05EgJaXsQSY7IgDWRkgw+8Ju+yZVId2OmYqjhPzn/1D701EYAGg4UjZoZICfVnVxqcrtBuRTxSPVFCpfdN0x2xkTwxVUHETcZwGnUGQRU0SsqgxIEuAc6iIsB0epmOaF7Z+dqWhvaC96CJIK3xY2a01RraUIgtk0fY5NV/9vBZ2o9ZZyv+2fOv1yrLvp6XIBD+2F3m3CXm3sdQJGd79+Kd3kMlSlBJp0OyOYXWWKq/w4UeFOz+oaQfetN2VaqilW7enQya7XrfQUTERZjY4M7gr7+I3/eu+v6Rrk+DH4orhd6uL46Cb0vO18GNn9p2Ab7LYYUssSzvMB3amNO4y7zq60Ql3IqMUroJKNT3ZsQCJCIF2+V71uD+UwxS6Wmhy6yYKEQEdpsFRdg5gREZ5nOQyPLmAl1w81ev0ApVq8yIC/y3vYbY6i1By3rtWjw301jmAcrczUIkI6PKS3eosYm599gHWt3RLo9S+Zd5EJQK0GE9gtjqLGBa73PPYcWu97pp8EcEuWUTgl5esVmc5yLn1eX6DA0Srs1/3HkWEwKSmZhUgriYoSOvBFD7QuzME5B1DifGtq+cviIcuG2ExowAFw+L6igkoWxxoTXX/+BbN6EWrEiEJn/9kE6BITVCvf58c6lvjz1rkSC6yRATAHVDFJEDR/8tiatCFy3/eej2i2yoRgZTRYxKg+BGnN3swvpVmAyNL0mllSKpEgJeXLAKkOD43uet3+YhvWdWgZWBcmFYCTbYYU4mALi8THYBVgDQVVIbJaaxveao7hRfj8ioREokZPQYBUp23Ef/DWi82dGmqG5NEi64SAbO8zGAVIO3//DFRcR8buoz5I5KtFhGCuXX2AFLvW5+vmMP61nUut6QyRU1EyCYvxpkDKOF0kt6KBWz+czxwhOXWVCLAoUtsAZoTEhKByhYOUMqhnbcrZrC+NV7dtGWVCP4Wdsp1TAEafnWksaSysORiSFBFRQQVJizmDyibr+BmEnPk3uJO30yCnomAkfNSKLYzZGFFBCbSmgf37GncXlWWXgLSDnzeYNTrLaaiFIs+ohn7UiGLZX8RZ7Ek/nqyI9Git+iL9offZFl+++iN0wg95nu3HjKVOqF3v/vxsDHS5Ht3MfwP6P4/d9f+1MZ1hUcSy1ogCWmFHq5AQi/0BhmEwFiKDEYxbY3QtBnAHkxsoBDA+Anj2DHEYHscO35gYrCx3Th21cbutJ2kafJD2mnz+KWd6fv95xQJJO2es6DVinZ3en+QzeHeO/Ln+zrf/e45iVzftYJeKhmWb/t7o+GEm6QqDOqURJJSONc/6SVl1AKLRBKoy5nIntUFUpKy2ZmVUu/33Xv0PrDJjbBvpw72/dqe71KgksoFm1XVSHKmlLCMtDwU8TpH/DXZNZAbncfwQW6uz2IWymXp9xNrXOg8XiRClUgu1tEuzCt96Nn2a/fZKJcHb5wsROeVQiKIEkAXF00QcvTeevMZK+VyZvF6kW5xMSSCGAHkGbSTetb+Fivlcm56gCqVRCj4tlhMAHJ6hsWSnYFg+iR5gooamD7HcSZyJhFglGsRJeazcgrayUrn0X0SBlrXF8+URCIUzrctHgBd8hIyfywc6GF3XU5mJIO8SQRzQbdYPJkNE8Vkp0doXYh3s7nFJLmWdox34DnD5qaGRLSiATDp444W20x8+8gg+9h61Prg4c4pEZBbLBplgkHGi/zMozU0vJ99bD1q/Uy6QyQCgcN5eUWb2dBULJ03P7rCPrbWUDxB3koEdNB3iledVXwui9F5dtdl6XQnyPeqYFEicLj/xBmkK2SCroGpikz8NooNQB7xNlYmh7Z4/DF1qG/7sVX4OcMWbrFUyDWQmPHI3F6L150+rXjAFJZzSR8KDjWDRy7cR0E7M8fL47mLEpI1VGA+O0MeLYSJAm1qGhUpLICG5si4dzy2j5Qq/GVVtFIn09ZVMQuhdwBLXcAGDM/bh6SwnV6z/vHw+L1bD7O1FApQx/zKHg3su8kFLeoA7NqhJ8zNQhKqkvErvnHvvsg+0lq9rLer8kUXVIFiD8rtwBIascNavfHJMhuj0khTptLzx/d+dnnDpB2DrWR7PlfDvvWw77KgDH6lRI1dLWQMVWvSP+L2lnvd6dnrYXgdOHyuA/9Py9E27dKszB/pYczy7FK663j2IZiCQ0wESouWUhva1CoUQp8DK6ktNhFuJAK7yuVi+zV2yuX7rQ84KxGw61K3xd26KMVFfONtbKD1TvsF9sP42huHSyARtrhbFyWAPPOkZNHqmbyxn9V1uTNQuhIBusViBLDkzB8rNyYH2eg8auLStwtlZyikRMg7ekZSrADuQNDOoSPdbG7xqdYaNLbe5UciZN1iEQK4I0E7Lxy4yTYTn54sVYmQHcxZrld8AHLSBBW+/1xoP2tEbrHpt4fu8iARtnOLxQcgzzwpiEQ4gS/ryLKHpwcgiXCsCLTyR8Dc/ZfoAOQdtBOtW8/ePIHH1uHWUztCIjhEwUibA9K6GtIUkOQB5Js+lGWVv3+2/SIeW6cYAaKKVyJskAgyUVD6ZnfU6XW3ecK78wAWViKQ3B9/3Izf6EaH8WlasgcOMRFY79Zpy7SQACo/SXZ5HR1usiNlbL4yltZABTgoqHShILDItb4AbJYY0ckVyh+3f6TKSrkCvvQfSz96upSt9JM9vysDzfSob6VPCfsea9SJQp0lm40l/ZGo3+dOkZJmF7VedAQFikYBLZIaKbCQdgsJTGZl5hfktdWh/Zu/kzvSn8fOT+SavXoQNjMFTLDv9QMTMFVpab8WVJ0V2+0IJp3KqDY7hXlm/mAhP3MzcfBG/CzjeHm49W4pSgQS5NsW1S5cGomwhetCfa99geG6TB8vRYkAHT1RAcgNraIDK948cJE+tk51nimJRGAeAcQEIE+0Cus2eg5clNKOlycHSiIRCFKsAMr5RSfhoNvoib+kNTuXiRDFjUQwFnKLRaTO0uxU0E6WmXh5lR4vqu/Qed4kArxbFw+ANjkHtDi5xSwzUdc9OUT7+VLrg9c/3IqgKs4tFhLAlNNImaWkNLPPecYIXmOLW6hAghwcns+bd5380x9LJBHEAGDd3PK4O1wb7kjPXUMQ09A4ISa6W+eUEDNzt74yOro/Z6n/ApEILnSPgMO5sdzoCTuF/QZfV7ird5wkWm4HYWbLUAJYyuQ42SZbQkzYTOFTZnJuTg6rNi0fH/zDx6CWFifbDIagpQn1LXMLqc5KGNraWpItR7tISX1UVcks1lAFsEgDTmCptGilwGIOVcFmClumkrRntWfT8sreHz4FtZqMsG+1AvZdF6qDlexeIdVZsYDD32/t96dXPyRv45QQU4scPfz4ozLn6GWT4aQDK05fhyoXtCaiTc2OHT27aEM/8Yy3sS2dtzCfVyIcXlzb/jCu4vRa1iRWADkmxCzOLb4aX8mTCA9aTxeHFond4nqbaGNn8Yy3sb2jtz9+lUYifKczl/6BJbAiK1osrotIAdy5hJiMw/j8Ap1EyMWnKEaJAB09kQLICS1l0fkGrg0zSIRbm7LLYpQI0NETFEBZI6lJUOZgBQSQE1oqDhEkSMbYogYPdNNJBOpSRjzNSYmwlVssJIDODn/M6+1qjhpIytTvyvPkUkisp6haJ2T2HXJoSSnroKnczuTnb4y+kr5HSqW5/WPprXh6vW+FBjYjdPgeoQKabOr0p5CUPjE70xU1Zy+VErr8PRJ65R/ywbse8Mp/4yU+rATvqBSBl1/+Y/Lls8tLS8rPHv/gvc7Fxz9lvaOqYbujYpYmn+CXSoqG8Wb/UYM/FqYYU7jQTNxYt3gFVuz+8Iv4V1/9+fT1xYmJiYGpu+QxtnfrmESoxJuawiG4LyyJzTlCHodst4qxBvJMH8oe4jRfVq6eGIr/5tOv//5kcWBt6lTfmS1dl22VCPBuXYS7MLegnUUGVrw2Gl/959dP/vXvS327+KNF39RMYgVQyiWXBTcFVX5s9bQvXO27N/VrFiUCF7SwQDvnuogPwB3LZUEfWydG1z+mFn/BJSaC0lTMbbHoADT+F0gEkhxK6853ef/GwXUp0i0WFMBGQ+1YVpmw+dSLJfOHi0PmD1KHXFcGQTWcDpX3zb1PbkGCCh3GzfhFK3515swv00KyMdRsZLkhkvT3uqnKUIOcWC9WuZYAxdkILdaQDVpUISswGRud+V/Xr14mCMfBd6c6CUY9ix72TehdsO/aAOxb06jJ/tXRL6g2xvuJvyp9kJZUtS2HXGq1WpdQwxKshZZQpiq9qII2YHEl5PlKro/ianX553ttlqfvPWf0rYLNcN+1QTXqW5H7uyUpJKUfSs5Fw22esIfMPvVSoJloRI4+JefwDIs5E9NUdIZEODw9cI51JmbXWzlaSlVoU6uiL9OCEqqWAJlWqDblFKo8g3YWeli0Eu/JKhF23Wk9vx1BVfTduqh2YcmOJcQEBNXw23klwvFDU0WhVcDRExWAfBNiFqTzeoZHX/9VTtgxMXCG+2Ecu8VMJ1I4AB1mssJBmowk5dwEkGfmD0503l++zEn2qXN3Om/xViJA10UwAKmWBqu7QxntaGyZbdvYRLASoR4rEbRclQiM8tq3/rpA18ZcYlUi6DgoEYxgmRZuE3H4feNj7mZ7g9/oJs3BDnlZSONklvoEMDg1IQWopLHrYTPniAsYiBcvfm6l/fzBB04LS98yaJHhvhPljB+NBsGOMfUNiea2ZDToDYfCZF1kpnGkHBRLQmYBFm0IWMpdYy5gqtdroeWXey7DnhIqaKlBfavHXOWwbx2zklO4c2D1ctDjJarDlkhDKL2WBNFscdRir8pUWBMkRdv0MUwiECq83uLjJToCVKBtWjQX68lGvLihBdyJtmkJ/v525Lq++gL3jQ+l6MAsxYNLZRItgP6wgVn6wx3NwJScMcBK7o7+gpUMn6JK/lloMcwkYd8NblgpOgMtzVfEEvrJoIROfGwOOvFON/L9EwZYiWiwwJ7GI7CS1g8tVn8ZtBzdByup0RewGmpFAqAeecHl+FiYQM2MTciUwEc3dL4z6zG3hg5RdoSNBH+BkFUkAP6/lf81gLX+NtOch7H8pwzOhFfHZG96rck2xsrfv6+yy8DQgcT6SaWXMVKqDNXMQdmbpGJRBqmtjMYqPHN0T1xS7VF/Y465Zyg8rmiE4an724BFGAAlEknwSizY7Ml9l5TElIrc1rt9/tz0Xa9EHHW3xNwuWjOHpaEtWl2dbyZJlc2Q4WAD/V9eXe2tYR5BZ2TuSD9jJVDPHp3rD/6nnfNJTRiIwjhY42AxrbYaIcExpCWdmYTnIn8IRAlC9/ECWRWSC+gJsnbjGbxBL1hcaOflABXK2z5mkx9f5nvvY2bQXJxCE6FnNd35YVeC3gjUx2y+hsm9AfJIbbwxyGL9+Ru1qnx/lCGHm0SVkucs3LztrsOcYys1/rLrJJY3aSlVsJSBA3pTKa2k7li+uVkqVKmyaVAVSNzhqc6Q3Kt9e3LRg4vOQBzd8OnuCrzcc7VFLLYzrdIbiSCCXF8UJKqElGuV4XczEFtLW8TKdtUIJC8LAJ+sWrWFAvTnFe36FUDPKdxcSQEo5zHiw1SEurYXdtrgyt32QG4+M79jlo8vDm78J2aPPaANj8/Ms4HTrI+hz0b4m7zOyTR/uOTYYY3ZiA3Q3HHue53KhSrrcxzWvLMFJxf+Dy5MAAkgASSABJAAEkACSAAJIAEkgASQABJAAkgACeCfAPwBS6YBKnu+h5kAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

SkewT-logP diagram: using transforms and custom projections

![Multiple Yaxis With
Spines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiple Yaxis With Spines

![Custom spine
bounds](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom spine bounds

![Formatting date ticks using
ConciseDateFormatter](data:image/png;base64,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)

Formatting date ticks using ConciseDateFormatter

![Date Demo
Convert](data:image/png;base64,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)

Date Demo Convert

![Annotation with
units](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotation with units

![Artist
tests](data:image/png;base64,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)

Artist tests

![Annotate Text
Arrow](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotate Text Arrow

![Connect
Simple01](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAvVBMVEVHcEx4eHhwcHDR0dH+/v76+vro6Oj////d3d1/f3+IiIhoaGjw8PBsbGxjY2Ph4eH09PT8/PzHx8fs7OzCwsJ0dHRKSkpZWVlxcXHa2tq9vb2enp5gYGC1tbXW1tb4+Pj29vZ8fHysrKxdXV2wsLCoqKiMjIyEhITl5eWZmZnLy8tSUlKVlZWCgoK5ubmjo6POzs6SkpKPj48WcrEfeLU7OzuKuNhGjsHS5PC20+ehxuBwqNAiIiIrKysWFhY/2ymdAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADYFJREFUeNrs3Xl/okgTAOBFgULuQw7ligeKiqAmmXP3/f4f622MszPZIQmn11T9kUR/DoOPDVRXd+Nff2FgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYGBgYNxdAEajQEAEREAEREAMBERABERADAREQAREQAwERMB7AGRULf+liRfeQea4A6EoarcFSGeWT34ZjryiL7l/cU/OAB48aiDeWAsUD2THYbVXPY60w/Dswbx8bgdXncWgbrJR/qm2sWGNNSq9vPY5cJUDDsZg6gBDR7Cc3jnD2XDHvTDX4OwgnGezHYC6dCyh4X6Ys38qbMIR+NqAbkR+LH2Q+uSjp0cT0M4ZsOwf92IyBiFvfJAd8iYIkxHdbLvGJoLym8jfd03AQJa4aaALmaDmD7nBmc8t/AtgKrm9IBIj3xseHw+4ZptVZ26l13/4vt8EHK5W67UCQ1eBSwLC2DWMYTh119AGYCgc4EyAVTfUFeB/ohmgZlZ9Gwj4KpY9DQEbbDORQ0DA+pvM7OrJOAL+jPmGBQSsDzi06vxTBPwRO6sPCFgfcGTpgID1AeNjbQkB6wLmHWAErA+ozlaAgPUBww9rUgj4XtAURSNgA0BeYgAB6wMmngoIWB8wshuNRv3xgP4mBgSsD1ivA9wKoOGm5KeWukG3gOG3T1+1dwDH7rGGwk7DGoD9eh3gNgCZ3koivZ+5k86ObyDuCFD7/vj4+OltwFRypQfCTD0bx8fbKoCcNYRLASoy6Cb5/M25Q07C3DShugH88vT09Pj54U3AfFiTHANR1COAYTq1lfLbZjc+XAxwJEDfAdClg2RcEjAfWO9D307zako1QHGTweUAjZkY8Ua4jUDud3kIwweHcD61gzOUPf8cVTyEH7wELggIkSyxi34g9LZdDqwr8QcXkViSo4B0ZTVKrHYR0SQeLgoIIgOMBqHYXRqj+s7f+3y+xntpjCaClnfFTpONSgNOKO3CgB3ngdqI3/TGnt5RHrgQQrhvwPTvJAbRVrsBdGcq3DmgaC5pSM1ueiLRxoB7BwSwZuEg6gQwtWK4f8DI29qW0gWgbo3g/gH9DQuJ0EUxoW/t4P4BP2wltQE5awz3D/hxK6kLyG7mcP+AJcokNQFF24X7ByxTJqkH+CDv4f4BRbtEmaQWINPbwv0DliuT1AKcmNr9AzK9JXQEeGipA3zdgINyraQGoGu3v57u+gDLlkmqA05b6wBfM6A7K9lKKgOOLQXuH7B8K6kKuLYCuC7A04yckGkRMC3fSv4FPP7/2sMHgIG1husCnMsOS/gSc8W0BqhXaCUnQMOUp2Q39j0qfg9QabUD3AagOGPdBWGU/LzN0PSoBcBKreQEuE+MGQuaSB9Lh/QbgMZmClcGeBoXpjaJYOQLrj2z8b5UayWvxoXBcDZKvuDafC46B6gtd4DbAFRkWBMzygVply/5Dxq3QLZaKzkBUsPjzARQk1W+5J+ZFLRARj7A1QGGUmTO58pQ8OW4lXNg1TLJCdDvTYVgrvq6mb11DtScDmeO1b+IxPs5pAqk+3ZmZ1Uuk5wA6fk+ZtMw2vvaW4BbR7tGwHbzQMasWiYpnQcm8gPcP+C2cpmkLGBmd3pDmSsB3Fdf6VwSsNYa1psDdO3q8wTKATaewnsTgPM6ZZJSgB11gK8MsF6ZpAxgUHMN620B1mwlJQAVK4X7B6zbSj4GrL+G9ZYA403NVvIhoNrKFN5rB6zfSj4CZNqZwnvlgFVv9VUesNEa1psBDIUFdAS4bLKG9VYAq9/qqzRgtx3gawHcOkxHgB13gK8EsFkreQ/Q77gDfB2Amd1onPsdwM47wFcB2HSl89uAzdew3gJg41byFqCiNF/DehZAcfrSBdNrlfR3jVvJD8D1lFwvGD06dai3egtrWM8BqJkHIe+EBc98DcBR8zLJCXAo7J0QjCSST+uHnyO4CcBYBp0iXTF+lVQHrN0B/h3wtOCa/HFseKHVcASTYYOheA7AkXQcWF8me0cl7cCUKyy4bqVM8npgHXyT5EQqL/zN1pYbDd2t5NmyGZ8D0Jip06XKRLxt5VNkxH75Fqh6K2gNcJGFHifSqZkPCtCqOql8bWIMRc94x7O93iEaKuGZDmFwBUFZ7MhHv6p4CLdUJjkBKoLgBgvjWRj0X1djSvQkxViPFqZnz5xFNuZU7aznQABWBZV0xZiwGiBNtXN3hR9XYZXNv9rEiGO1POADq0/3lGfbvaU75sQmE6fPnwfyLZVJas3S19j1fEXJti1tV+mIbaHgcHbAldfSSudqgDS7810iNxMmSRrE7ZVqzg0Y2W1N9C4JSLP9sTsR7JlM7f2d0nqR68yAvtVameQjQI0kdO5AmpG05OCvla7Kg+cFbLNM8gbgNtaMkZ4teySh6x2mOhdCp3FWwFbLJL8DaiJJ6CxPtj1pEQ2585SkzwnItVom+QVQU9l1dCBpyUxaWFnNhO76Adl2yyR8cEzo1vNkQhI6aemmI4McrksFzhrnAyy1hrV8L8Jw9u6EJHTCIPGDXxK6AXengK2tdDb6aZ6WeM/C3g9itVoifbuAjLRsLBeMM5KWzPK0hCR0fFCjJ3KzgI3mCRiBnm1JQuc5i7nOqU26cjcLWKsDrBncqc4kLaa/pSV/FGDFDjBJ6NbRwswTOj4bj1S6tWLCjQKWXsNKq+xuus/7/Me0RGTarsbcJmCZNayhsSMJ3UudyQ+MEv2vPwfw/TWsmtH33a0ws4VJntCVP9T/GEDuP2tYDePfi2uaDYicTB3mfaVylfDmAVOBIhRjRxq/s6Ev375yr9vf2O4bwTBPS0hCt5ivubrTqE6A4kQgPUTa3eg3BijOlNUBQGFH9jG/UIo29PXp8fH7q/6I878N6UX0+KnONZyAdgJM9vGMBTqmTrcU294K4GnBNYCf3w2X1aOCLypmPj8+PT19+ZVd+Od51U5N/8e4sA69/K9FDsjsdPlWABXhuOAahvmNzKGfDArG2sLfAPNbG7d097mfC66l/CSxyEs9D1myuZVqTCj4kyhlh9ZQOZbfCu9k/unx8fFzRyXhE+DUTIXAJ58nz97WIQwcn9Hz2J/wbvjmhrRv3z8Z0CmgFi25eA7TyaCdrwi/rjSGJgHdAv4p5SwEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAEREAERMA/GFBNj+8gSNXLAr7sgJgGNwaoTZbyEECXlxRzScCXHQhN3lvfFmDswZAi+5vCy0issj0z4OK0OpPswAgCAfzl8fH2zMOaSsMF16dxbZ0SnidUQQgmVf7pXq/oWVMoenby/HPB9Q52zvHjVBeT58JXO1LxbhQ+KzkVnhbMmoDGjPG3ocZPaS+/BzurO2xRCP3Cp+VRwZPGamUUPD2Si7ZgTF4A+Yj2uJCTIVvkU71YRy969XxbtOXYU4q2vMiKXmxs50Vb1id1LyKJJI8WfU6QDvQ75wKqeG2cUzi9Y1p4L3jVee8cOBKkpM/TC+k0p6P4HKgX30qwVziD0y2+oUOit3sVpjkDjBAM7mXkVy3OKnbFC67WhXuuFJ6/mOKveAhOk5MMDkIDtB9zlf7f3rn2KgoDYTilYhEo5XpEQBABL8hF/P8/bttjNumsftisyWazmecbxuDM2850TKYtfTs067ctiqv+7Z4m6/2ZCeXbueDTPxUQ+T1QwL8goJUmMviCqwNOM6kWp5UBOKRn0AkY81E9BwQefTJxW0a7OSezHlZrwqn61DjrLTb+o1BRJpIU3ABrPg0oDZh4e15H6k0pyCb+2clk/W2nC2h+ap2HfA6TBCS8VecMyqzIC1/9Fh5ZPhSQT/tkJZURnp4Q9oloLGbSyNZPOfGbclEZvds+4KJunWfVaxVf9G6ace69A7O2bq3LXe22KqeRNuMrMDSioMx0YK9iVdxzW/5uD48UvNpWE8kMFiX6FkhpcS1XssgNPX0cy0IYcmUJFrhf8un3/da7nwlYFX4k3bzm7KQvo/Jh/F7PiL6qWY4q2lh/3YOFkT4LOX7b1PpE8cTKu7BDkjZwcVUtgYG3rhr9y9KAx5G5hXnx9EnsqZpVWukBN382ZlZcv4c3rp8FeQcvN5GfdXKWte0wvfp9GQk5fCZgI18UsPzKbL158tGxjeqfXsAEVwLK2pMbDbjnnHJlPJMx6Olh6UgBI7ZLSxsGPN99C3ho9PjLc9WnKgUUQMDiKeABCkjC71H45Rb3kLBWnWoTTYauyTSyeWDVrf5y/Be/lTnhZyFMunmk5d3pC935jPdNmZk2F7rlBy8e5/giqM11E90iJMc46up7oSew07I3dj0trLOeBgJx27tTdc6PiR7CvTSATmbaDvrJPqYznYZQBPQL1E5dHXq7uEpHsOFz3fTGlLmllRW6dVbTO/HkWtRZghe/1/S+tT4TcH223SxmLYhVFnQkjPKD/NcFNqqX9WB2UmgKb6C6kzyYRZDXYDDdx+Zy36/aetDdNBdOaO679ggqtlVLMv8aiPHkwlJ3MY+lu+GbCKw4pBSdy+uawik4B3mU1b/sBc3I0czlW6fyxe9QjJsQyxisA1FAFBBBAVHAf1FABEEQBEEQBEEQBEEQBEEQBEEQBEEQBEEQBEEQBEH+O34A23M8N/hR1H8AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Connect Simple01

![Annotated
Cursor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotated Cursor

![Cursor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Cursor

![Span
Selector](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABVlBMVEVHcEzNzc36+vr+/v+xsbHY2Ni7u7v///+ZmZn8/Pwfd7SioqLs7OwXcrIbdbMkerYofbhfnspXmcc5h71PlMQxgro1hbwtgLlkocv9/f5up89ppM3t9flKkcNTl8aEtNY/i79am8g8ib5+sdSJt9h0q9FGj8Hr8/iOutkRb7Dw9vqWlpb6/P7k7vb3+vzJ3u2lyeHn8fe71uiIiIivz+Xg7fXz+PtDjcB5rtLA2eqhxuCqzOP4+Pi00uaSvdvR4/CRkZHm5ubd6vTV5fHF3OyZwd3N4e+FhYWcnJx4eHidw96NjY1zc3Pu7u7Y6PKWv9z09PSqqqrAwMCAgIDb29vX19fj4+O4uLi0tLTx8fF8fH3f39+np6eurq7ExMSfn5/MzMxBjL/IyMjS0tLR0NBtbW3q6uppaWlgYGDLy8vT09NWVlbV1dVGi7s8PDw3a4+Wpa5khp5zMb6BAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmWtX4kwSgIcEKAgm3MJdEC+AEEUQBQTUwKghQxwDQUFAcJCrcmZ2//+X7aCzs+fdNeCu47Dn0Agknarq5OmqrqL99OmfDZZt3vbpP7YllyXAJcAlwCXAZVsCXAJcAlwCXLYlwCXAJcAlwGVbAlwCXAJcAly23wTwdoD/pad6KX9eV/DXlR5zykZv8lNDKwoiK02Fi5jq1/Hk8ueR5nL24yiO+TsArow4KQfyC3D0ziFq7Fg+H9YZmRKOAwagf4GZc4Hehb755rQDY0WtVi/rykLTy4Dr0Un5Tu5iuqDXY/oX9XIPf5bC0GcO2jrAUDem76rRuet5RnIvtnKVZ4tIF+4H00ORySVUsm1Zib0FFxpLfr8ITsdB8mxb/7EA8w1s1OmXy1LxRkrcsFIXgOnVJV33e+m7DgcDzxf7varA53U5taootZucVAUQUAfjutN+Z4WnB0a40/R5NbJVauRbvHDTFkZ1ADX/9CBJY6ZRReotcI2GmoSgBWg3ire6Rr1r0HBSXisY2Kc2uMoNhLw6LNak0i3T6OeLg4bwqBaECQJfbUhcDibfDQlBuOlJ3ADy30sTnr8pCvwNwB3fn0hcl2k060he1xeqHwpw8MQZWkz+qTVS99uXw7qIANaeWk/3/IqA5prTltkem3ioMZzY0QplkS9JJYD+9V1Rwpkury/XNQ1RqDdWeOQkdaFV0moN/IBVIxcWG6phM1eT2MRjDemwqgp7O8SgI1XbI8OoYuBZnhFWsFoHue24M8pBT8g9GUaGRm5Y5TrlpqQrdxmAkmp4yWngVoBEpdbq6/otwARXottlpbaWBbEvSu3pOEzRUOXYWqXzsR7IY1BW50ddlfgg1G7YBAJYH3XvB8KlgC6XHrStZonTaBnuMlEZ6BJ8a4xmvV9VFyVR6gp4Wa2RMKHOYAhgiy3pmF63yN8yd5DrY40xL9YTRS6h0T4DZFAniNphqz+eVDp8edzsi3itiO5iqB2JoCpho8p9j9f3q1zx7kYqtq9ZpHfPQ+lxCnDS7vTrYxTSfZxTqViuW5EBYlybx+pcsSRDZ1Qq5mM9ED1avYZ3pOIk0RgzEopEw6QsMSsJjGNx6Fy36zfFRxQ7NX7YLUp3mgb3iByTFwZlflhl2Pt+ryS0HgwYstPl+bvWdU9dEYZoDWvxo+uSiEKtWOX7CIRWmEgCCm2txOVL0p1K/dBIoKgzNIdtEKWEgKK0CPVGacBwT002zwuqu3HVgG7nseTqVEEvGXTVcf0eKSGopQdBaHLTcC1LT+NSbsI3Oq2RoCo/PrY+FKC85strsZiT/3IogsGFy4d6wEX5GHchkRxaqEUXLl/Oibi85k87UA4HEfkU4K7pei9iuKwA4jRrIAX0ncPwy1pD+3wum9ffoou3SHI6mjwoShwu2Sou34cIvbIg6kGfmw4u34JeviUkosdflORxkRZ3L6ecqrqfR4OjcXT1nzq/DyDWKg4+vN4S1ZW3iPfK+fkEJ1OWzfLk5bz5xkf7bwDqV9RluFR9YOv1VL3J41s0HiY9ZYM/Lz9MD3qTh19D/aXl3z+EL9kBDLRCTftBrf7jxztb/PH3v80rWta9O8DcUCfPSvHDwteVsh28r8V189wGbw3vH8KaifxbR5f7KIDJb+Eg/p4Go7712NwlhuF3ZeH/BWDk0PUW6Q2SfmeAvsz/N0CzLfQG6VU7Sc8GHt2c22aUpr8sIMCz7NxIgsa3AIzbSHoOP3V8nRugN3i1gAC/WNDHaWQ+gLtzRq/sebsOynE8s5pftRYALk7mWlS937YXEGA2FUX57WIugERhvtt3F+Aksmuiwu5ZkrHjbwU4dXrmAhjc2Fo0gPooZK1vAPh5zsXyFCyFQyNBzgS49iV4CFezQT+ndfvaogHMbsb91oMQmOcB6ApSe3MWbHvguygggDM9a+0quAsn4fk80O9Io6X16yIBvFr/TNp9F2A+m2f3IUWdwdnpHKR9R0AffSYIcn2W6OZWqhDZDjuf85ny/CQ3TAGA47VFAnhu3qMcvj1YP4Kdk+gM1SMTtQ/p89lj7NDHkDo4JQiKnrXLnt78dpxeewF4olylJK1GFOoHm+C62FkcgPuUyXsmA1ylV2c9bJjKJjfnSJg7wQPwZ/YdBJWaNSnpgD+bcofNzwCV6mTXWchOoFDPBiDijCwOwAPS5D8CSzZ7GIwr1WCZKGySVCCQ3phdykT9MdjIxLwEhSpvl+K8BDzWjI0Om7PyGrKt5IFJy6GdRJ4a80DEvLo4AGOkw74Pli3LqfVQsQaLQ5qknE53eHa+iVrPXda1NSdF2C+gEFAseMz2E5OVdHrklW1LCeAuXbDJa2rGDKuW0MIAdJ6TdtMx+Dzreyal9Jak4+AmqXUfHb5yxWcEZtK+tbNB2L84CMsxfFZMJG6LfctqpJxpOQ+vKa2vhRQCaIkdZ9Zh1bdAALdJP5UFX5DeJ04VAa6ChzJaCIfZFA+cztpGcCetpGPXQzm3zy58r/8gdmUtPtumhTJ6POvJ9J5bAWDy3HZgI9Y9JxkfhLzxPwGwWv13gF+CTspLxoB20AeKRV6E3o+k3TaasJ0YC+4ZURzymUNW0hbyUG6z88wbVXBVK+1wBwiTx2xZtXlpBYB7BGUiTBbf9jkNoeCfAIjXePmr+Avg/hrEwpTRR2bAS3pjxJHS1orXdry55k9RqQx16p5RNcadzjMraU+6qYDZfZRKvpqtI1Z7kAhmjA6PxRexO7wKAE+NFEHZaevmiRdC/t0/4YHyvx/z6gb2K359ECMJo5lciwdJOuPYl2uFV9wlFEQAt7xWMnZGnrll1Eev55zdQMBmJaw7bjJtcR9bX605MrENm5/0fTXaPV5fxGZKKWy2XBhNBLVBGwNbKQhZ/wjAPC+CqClh/7IPEz8njSYP4djyGs1X37ajEHW+cmtxv/04fbJuDe+fho89CDXQr+8OH7oLfofRj7LOJh04cLy64m//g1kzaVIduaJw2IQj46VDykwNKZGJ5gGJx1DIDBJY8Jqpw0QYNo72xpvywv//JzhVUBSDeLvqrl0VUUWIj3vvuedkhr5BJa+NfTO2Owbyf7JjDqgmy66NIsftDvXxHwHw33/7020L7y3NlLEeQTmMdR4qwmf0yZNH6/nqPN+abpq1zBkvBaSfAFxxkBsoBpHkTNkLfjqwwsDHQhgm+iuZ2gFE9CcACyeS5KlJo1ztD/XVHwHwQYX3savI1A+gFLzGzOGwBH3lyaONKZ1FMz6VClAuzHI15H4dwObkVIEgpFgDEVqofPs8RHSYjzAizSSIsRLLyPgJwCwRe3zsaIzT/gCP14OvAPDV12Q1dmAa+YTEARQVqD0DqOsRmUextAFlQsog1tyX2uZtiD16y8DCxQqIZjtsHp+HiIGnQmSYlffjJJYhepKXjsU7lAtHkq2jklt+24a9ffAVALp+LBMt9C1OmSIvUAYmce023eivDENPstwSALOQjMJUrQW4Ur4BsJaYqG6DgTw7QPOIn4aIgUVlpFdBgjY3XRnCOoCTDkiYAHgMkRwP5okRL3W4moVfAODRV120thNlaWobD85QCSZ+LcCDt8QIDopcEwCL3J4nLq1t4ZXdFYKZ5uDFilcgyFaQLOjTrTFXDRmplQdRMqLKUKqjso1AwkEz2Sa6ZAnhQVqG4GGffAGAC0opHitbb6VwoMgjNAIdtazTzB3dYRkue4UtAIof56FN1TqAB02sQUUagpGltQXAMfIW7tOtMcdYxq9VGu1tFPoEYEJAYoKxPFv4VZZwRHaJ4Pr4FQAmhmHgsTcjPdsEnlRiXvRVK6/bYv0BlpEQaDvdgCWUZo6p0zqA61ioyDzdgtVWABwdehi5WgYe47tNNRgjiGQcV2EDO9gGglJdVprwocvBSppvfUk829bw5hAuky8AsNAMA6GeN+dDzQRKfKAo7FPfBKvOI8ANMnLxsjIdgwOS9kFeD3Dpij9apC8n8/x2MofICDgPg0GpTAeTIMRaBbDT17DxBCDbpSboyaOtLyobzHS+h3AXfoEZKHZ7Hb62SRm1KoAh2KdJRxczPShqAEJaeRRvLjQRScc8NPR9ba+32qNQDFPQ8qqvoW3ImL8A5eFOi3kGiA37reSbGlTFOlULcJB64tnKWawuRXmr0QLKG+cLAGzEsir8L1n2+rEHlETMrqRlIALyB4ADt4DV4R0gAmAPp0m+xUadcR0YrZ2Xx+INOmTylk1LONoD66HhWOXamHC3uvdGrWnJr/UAw6hI7a6bjiZ7W/w6cnPHkIvA+QIz8AW9ogEgor1yBXiLCuAQSwREdwDb2UbNkF8BNEUpDY3UiTYWqjOuOzwsfHMkuvfbrnk6R8HBEUwfyDBRQS0FI5++RamgoUkxqgXosDK1JgIgGFZqVMZOoMpF/hUACsUQAE0BcB4D7wg2UtLDkgdYdldWvKCl7lYAWVlVoJSzTiDX2IZ1iMclvD5cabo4SRrqI8C8+gKpbuXOCYUtaUi6EbD+SXpyPpf0QE3PN1AyLSS+lLGvAHCi2ngHHOG01k411XdSIuZbDUBW6kyNq88TnQByNsmlGh1MqLGaSdcnSV0XH8O+/iDtnFWC6qqseQGoYBj1W7PLha5tdj41mVViLZ8BFkoix7DkdQD7nd8ZoE8EwG8XWeyTcIxkD/A7gDs+wnRqvQMcI+jxfp7WjHGHGuvQj5s3FTgLOjrb3MXSpiJw65abgzNARSLYcKODfnHO4QkZM48ylsz37GJDFul28cLZBjSDD5PYn4tvrcx/5xZ2ubG83is2jGNoAm5O7gBuIdK0CmCQVRWIbf4tT2tqINBxwSIL3AAc5T3Xpnepqum2Qa5rcQDOcuBJJqbUHsCLb3FOAE0SKtM0f78auDMHaD7am5YJutOPRKE1HQqBURqfCrBxD3DK9FuABLlYGXN4k2kNR57pqts3gNVxUmNPLbMRpAE4zB8BjvJEuQWYRUvNpne7JZtOC061OHwHSCSOXZUydIHinGqOkGBAUJCfL3otTeDPyy3xbaHcHyaxY43F4q5OPhFg8z+//uUOYJzTG4AD29/6BmfoBqAzVbhHlvHFThSxT4CTBoVm3q2LhIqG3Zu3ADcsI9o9wIikmqJyOwRnPTVhoMW+LNOL8QtONaco+ZKYm273/esE01GWKMa0C+yPCuxMSQRenOYnAvzlx7++g7//8uMjke5q+3h9A1B0VEFtfhtAOb5tEr6efgDUhHtw0vzhTlBuUGPrjNgtwDWb5Q8AmQNtUZZhAM4rMddnpebLcFrcAdQUdiDXgtW0yiKIodrpapvGtg021X9M9JQ1ty+fOQN/+/6/H+C3v/7jGuDAvlSgLda6nR+Cvq9q6DqAajLfMnm4fr1oa6G8zEEosSS9O/LNoa7bTuHcAlwxJ9H0VrMx+FDnLh8l3FbAJgOt09LDX/elpsrQugDM36xO1yJ8zG9WJjvb8Kmst49y0dV3IKqko6On0dwefSbAP3//9b+3kX43avMLwL1ohyVNwORVGOTrc9+BrL+SoFiql4+/qRxBiLmT2tc7xEpYM4OmYb99C3AcmaOpMXZa9qo5Pxfii9GaEO96UjCzHGm6jGw+O/dh9GZ1OjYxe+zGNnrZTrGw3nPSrEl3IM/Fk7UEwARln3sq98/7c+Hm6S7uxwzDC6EsMUTXCV4hY0r6zQP/dgMw0c0ota5ilmUEuIT99HZnbvq4zdw1xWvS9lYT/8zMxB0B8FqZSdYYjqroQTI61evLVlRZnfbu/8yc24/qyBGHpUVaKy11t2/tNja+3zDiZmuMuQTQckuWKPAQKdpIkbJIR8lL/v/nlM3MZgbwnKezHF5pGfqzq+pX1VWWJCmJPhQu9Nk6lpm/M9JlCwAGtrPrJzw1nHT2+8qY+0SCghiMVUTfHTi0clMRpZr2bwCrMLvyTR1bNYLOuYrvI9A/GJXopm6wYL3ISjR6AIDrifsKMGa9oWe/P0I14DczkVCdKHNHaM+sfFrZbTeaesok+BDuzd1WkTQLMuluokAmYOnlIOHYnKajZwMkcwAoI/S+BPrilEj6WMurAZamjewR+Lt+4LZqzyjoGMXu8PY8dOLoQ43uvMzevT2B7VKb9OUPQxC9fqUwCTUQopEwsbQ8WhVbwTHDsdZ3Xj4C3HBTkT1C2dwFgLEUDzKOdQMfngzwhBaV034DeN3fIozxR4CjCmDXNkAzLuCbhJZ1kmqBlkPqbUfg4DJ0zJaCZt5Azd8AQqSatNW7IQh4AsUpQpAST2wtN86LsxDo3dztHz7IgtW2ECNFtwiiqwqgL1sJ5JeS8c53PwvgEkKziUjtSzrT2sONV1aq3wM8rLtEMxz4JhFrgMsLZBPIjm+qz1k8WY5bPvUuA/Vl8tpCN3H9oWDZ9wCxGADASOioADDsdjtTrzuybi7ZFjZioBgarAwqgNyKk0LEsuFtngxwg3KhbYNvqaNZZtUhc763bvTe+rWjGWtdT2pVAPvrtrDw+wDQuwNogUzpX0TMCms80a4AO5Y7Eay7vreEK2JIqt7+rDJhhepGZK+29t3A2ICHSkABoFEBpL6bbESsmtv2swHSmdCSp4gs3wHcz9WbKYR+8rpam7teWyhomUH2PNYmMqaSdbPbTIWr9EuFsE15fAOYqW5PuM1jACDrstCS4X4VJcsNEXmeaZ039w2GPW2lhAgASgAwAPGUnUQcv29LeRJAEZyf5yBcAxzENajuQk0fNpn2NG3M7D4YvjuQe8KeJTYR9VvHltgVQNnEAHDfY4XQ6VXdplpHsM17gGcWgjrShZPPc4MiT5bcff/+XLkfH5U9ACS2shamGPFsS0mpZ88GWHDQAVKI8LhyJoWfFJmQaUs7nT5cPlcWCPzTQSw3aiKs+ECl3LgDeD0bOaf85J4nAHC/ENoHfQyZbHRvwkctlIJUAkkv5gYhti1rD9t+7bGyoIiiGJL5CBMx2xJD95KnA4TESJC6lESVwtiwpLuozNpOH/dRzNwXHA+zfGqsywxSk40q8ug2MnSk2hEca4AHsRC6c6FQKnby3VWH4x1b7hzIEA+MLk1MVNXmDzv3py9KDiGbuvwKcLAmjqT2ng1wUDUR6CtKzCrxPfFBuG/P0UhOH9fPZ+USx4XlrKKRPxCm/tpibHoLsHcFOMd07q88VAjhMVvjCqD3oCK74SdhmkKOLNIXHQDGFn04TDostJFGuKiJh+psj0p7FNr+8OkAq3PDGiACZFtxE9K5gtYeftz4uItzfDkx6TidsYFgSqNY0QL51l0tr2IIE87PMhqNwukFQkWVvD04VNmwkzBjqpAjtACA8SUmLw33eutizhhIP8h/EAnRSlWeD7DqjNHPlNjVlOCa5nqq+2Qrh4+bdHdWTvw1jxfTJd+spGhWusodwLeMrjoC9nxxcYmk+FJf0Ns/BihIJSzHC5Dlru/ixxOzmVbImPmMnAWdMIIUfF6N288GmLkQPMwjRW4F8CCahMgMQmxDK+XImiExYnwZLDik98HSjX2nGSAVCRHnzLMjVj/R8oPwUGjwD5xYOEMgA4AaU3DeADA7US3WsN83g5gggve//6nc/b8qQaZlB0R5NWY5ojoiFn0RmgAeVHBVYkx3wVwcxV449i3XaZgKeQE7g4+4YnbcvU7uPwRYjV9P5LWj4DnIcs4ZmTUBTKimutgfRhu70tTHbw3wh3//4WsAk3hQF7VUis3eZEclSnxtVPdzPPqs7R3n1BMPwZ4eXWnFrGMjwCW5Agy5pcyl+gm0H5hwUSXLfb807fToEUopR7tmgIpnYaVnbGwGAOffGuDf/1O/J+nPnwGsB1jWYJkY7KLL4M5WA6ZSA8CtPGIMR8rJ6aKLos9TKXPDBoB5DZAgl7l8nNdlJ+fBszWo6l39kphBOlVE4MLp4+7CTMk6oibZWEuMwlOoK31TgP/48uW/rX9+EYS//vqnH5qXddSkBrijSNIx8i3YMoi1ptfdbL2DwvDeLBzQYMxcpEZShvInAInmkotGP3n5y6AEGxhqaRjikjCfENbQ35opSUeZziWsDYxM8rkXfFOAP/3yy4/tf/0K1/3xb58BtKvziXU8ErmtEmL5GidOM8CTtPYVvOy0nahri8YyDRN32bB2BvwokQOi/tZj8NgLZ9VRg7bvYsieXUIUbdMEsBe0BCNlhdmTfE1yxt/ahH/6+S9//IoJd+RKXhTRmmuxQpDNHLfq+24EqG/dpQu6w1FfVBLl6bzjNg1w7CqAKAiUgJBPXuWR1UNcLX3RRZxoMSGXhitmfla1bQYpCsyh7vpmuPgOonByLbL3N1wDhYUk2rX48dqS9bD2YJ7cbAvbcCCLS6czqajD+GPJA/xEunF0UNT5Z164zmel5YpRbQlWEDfMFVYAKy8SY+4Jpusa3e8B4CQcvqox3RcRMSmo+2UjwNbG3JT1NkKxI6fT/lBoBnigROTixjEXmHwyaZdcO7vGJ8enfmvGkWp3PgMoHDGRBcMto3z0HQD8/7/b2oiwFT3ayq75Cey8FK8VLz6R6oJDFjcN1ayRbYocAC4xOXwWxl55Bb4YtYcKk73JVwBiCZKn1W1p7LkAk7JQETZOdOwxuLFm40vnCqve70rrm3XBoXmQd0vnC5EVoZETevosjL1WVKYx3wpD17WlfoOzvJKeY2L8r727fWoTCQMAPgXCQy653lmjlk5qta1NKppr3b5aTsGeA5XmSigmEEjikJQ2ufz/nw9Ta+tNhSVnYhyf/eA4484afu4LLsvzwJNicWumAIt3N6PFcm3v92dzW9EFPT83QsHm1x2k/Xkoj067nUxhP9s+eVvcXlp8/nDt9c3F0vm/eX31BHB3e+lv2CisFM45C72xx54ALv40aM/lAq7fKhUWf3lVWthKOAf6dHk0wA5WNoq3R4CFGJztpfnN8qu3N1diYpacbH6NuuxzYOcKawnx37Z/XX0wg4Cr68svf7tXub+bEJ+ltDpadbYfbcDozZfSckw4je2F+5vlB08X4gIjfAd8sRb9LW6/SQrPcfD4SWX2ADeeiauP5vY2VpICdJRufd3sK4jwYefbA5DzAVee7twrLsR0UqiUz3DcSYz+tv/451UuPQDj7TvRFLSYFBCq8mE0wt4ss7A/Osmy/CIGcPFlBFiZKwF1KW8l1dhZ2p1NwLVoZhHndumu89lqdKf8RxLgk8VHpQ8PgT7lQjQUEiNgnvfS4aUDjg7eVihDpv45d/qPRBzgfARYhostlcqMApbTXOnWt9vYyvZGHODd4s4OTKdcOuD+wxSf9jVV/MQ39wvr5WsDuLeb4tP+RQc4X1g/OLgugKlKiSqw5dt7hVLlxdUFzAfhpAApS3KEwpkGHDqaDCyjmMxJEVmGsmSBtiYTUzO7ebeU/aFmlrZNVqSteXpJWbVzoYAqx/FQV7LgCU1JOCmaJlAW5R1tTSGupvT9dx/XVGjb1AhtTaOpf/vI3IUCut3uYab5n3RubZ52PKjUyZ5EJSZ6Psv++MOOStso36atadPmBBpnCFsSd/a+OE+dBUb2qOce6sRk4FFPxiF1xj2zPkFALBcNaCmUHYv1a5RNso5E2wWHOk+bK8MTKGuaim9OD9AlPYWSJUNoAfN9hXa0teOeUJ+p2WlS/k8efvLl6QGGimzQXiytCsgCbQ9kLY3yYjntC+V6I1Z9Z3qAjJKw1H8vjS+0LE1CW7PHEcrhVh28r1IOKsc4muIcaGaoJ6Eh7YJtD2lvTsKBST/b0PaJQ1yFr9IqjIAIiIAIiIAImBJQzVyPkp8UIGlx16HkhEkBCtdjjLpX6qHSDJYQAREQAREQARFwFgBlW4zun8OoUQYBxwBkBaMGNiGhOtpX1hEwJaBJGAKtPs/ljC6EFu2jHAQ8HcGaTdyGU6spX3zIBxoCpp0D20aXd/WODFYdhzCuwgiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgNMCPD4GJTNgygg4FmBN40ElhpojGQQcazfGJcC1HQt8HkzbwM2E1IB5wjgW1z7SmbM51hGQbghzmtVQDUX9LOGG6niLiAxZyLLAmLilj7cxCIiACIiACIiACIiACIiA0wK0SA9cSTdrRh0BxwCUNY9Ao1HzhZ4OjCshYOrdGHl0uEjyVQm8zrssAqY83tYxarxNiKeQAHdjxpkDmTrrQr4KpoqLCK7CCIiACIiACIiACIiACIiA09pMGERk5iBb7bkIOA5gRxJYVpL8QcvAB+tpAW2eDwgQ0ySgnQShfY+7MSkA60EwJENSzZOh4X2sA7AM9sC0Q/hQGdh2V/EahsPiEMZVGAEREAEREAEREAEREAERcEqAx7Ec2eiLiK96jQXIaT6Arzmgj0Ln48mENIDhcGhr4vFuDEMCQQLwcng2Jg3gsNWySF4zXRIaQvMfF+RQwVe9Ug7htmYdDnmtDWoN58CxFhH29AsC4m0MAiIgAiIgAiLgFQa8Lq85dCYGKMXmR5U+Uqd81XTKmvRtCh8l2prNhE9XmxRgQqrgUKLN5ZvJ0SYINhXq9MRKSFlRNuSERMcTA4wv8pC2pkudyFWkbhMOqSeYAft/LhNTAv3PMiFAOeeI4HZ4MDsJPUF0ciYwrZrp5OJz79SFG8A2cvJASEolmxHs4xZlLpeUTjivtwEsvQp8f8YAHU4Ygs8bdedzQt7GQ4njIMj5vMrFJ5VWAiJ7iuMbR0b8mBPJEYGg41tqKykZr26RfEisnNqszRBgKEgdxWtYoFRruvZpENNPfUnKNTwdnKDXkqX4dJYkq5jdWt1Qou/iez8BAg2r7yS1CGCYglrXXYMQTZwdQFaW5UAhdmBJxLvxKW6FiGrWiRK0h4bRfSfEZyP1BSWwidIW9KQ87ZIuBFGLg6QWATjJaHuG5Ng5g52tIQwDT6xDL7qAMOlP6w2gztoZ8agff7lM31WZehfcftL6avbNUYv9fhKgeCMM5bDHglydsTkQV2EsCIiACIiAWBAJSKnQAAAAGUlEQVQQAREQAbEgIAIiIAJiQUAEnG3AfwH845kayKT8qQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Span Selector

![Path
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Path Tutorial

![Transformations
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Transformations Tutorial

![Specifying
Colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Specifying Colors

![Choosing Colormaps in
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Choosing Colormaps in Matplotlib

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.set_xlim.html

