# matplotlib.colors.LightSource

classmatplotlib.colors.LightSource(azdeg=315, altdeg=45, hsv_min_val=0,
hsv_max_val=1, hsv_min_sat=1, hsv_max_sat=0)[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Create a light source coming from the specified azimuth and elevation. Angles
are in degrees, with the azimuth measured clockwise from north and elevation
up from the zero plane of the surface.

`shade` is used to produce "shaded" rgb values for a data array. `shade_rgb`
can be used to combine an rgb image with an elevation map. `hillshade`
produces an illumination map of a surface.

Specify the azimuth (measured clockwise from south) and altitude (measured up
from the plane of the surface) of the light source in degrees.

Parameters

    
azdegfloat, default: 315 degrees (from the northwest)

    
The azimuth (0-360, degrees clockwise from North) of the light source.

altdegfloat, default: 45 degrees

    
The altitude (0-90, degrees up from horizontal) of the light source.

#### Notes

For backwards compatibility, the parameters hsv_min_val, hsv_max_val,
hsv_min_sat, and hsv_max_sat may be supplied at initialization as well.
However, these parameters will only be used if "blend_mode='hsv'" is passed
into `shade` or `shade_rgb`. See the documentation for `blend_hsv` for more
details.

blend_hsv(rgb, intensity, hsv_max_sat=None, hsv_max_val=None,
hsv_min_val=None, hsv_min_sat=None)[source]

    
Take the input data array, convert to HSV values in the given colormap, then
adjust those color values to give the impression of a shaded relief map with a
specified light source. RGBA values are returned, which can then be used to
plot the shaded image with imshow.

The color of the resulting image will be darkened by moving the (s, v) values
(in hsv colorspace) toward (hsv_min_sat, hsv_min_val) in the shaded regions,
or lightened by sliding (s, v) toward (hsv_max_sat, hsv_max_val) in regions
that are illuminated. The default extremes are chose so that completely shaded
points are nearly black (s = 1, v = 0) and completely illuminated points are
nearly white (s = 0, v = 1).

Parameters

    
rgbndarray

    
An MxNx3 RGB array of floats ranging from 0 to 1 (color image).

intensityndarray

    
An MxNx1 array of floats ranging from 0 to 1 (grayscale image).

hsv_max_satnumber, default: 1

    
The maximum saturation value that the intensity map can shift the output image
to.

hsv_min_satnumber, optional

    
The minimum saturation value that the intensity map can shift the output image
to. Defaults to 0.

hsv_max_valnumber, optional

    
The maximum value ("v" in "hsv") that the intensity map can shift the output
image to. Defaults to 1.

hsv_min_valnumber, optional

    
The minimum value ("v" in "hsv") that the intensity map can shift the output
image to. Defaults to 0.

Returns

    
ndarray

    
An MxNx3 RGB array representing the combined images.

blend_overlay(rgb, intensity)[source]

    
Combine an rgb image with an intensity map using "overlay" blending.

Parameters

    
rgbndarray

    
An MxNx3 RGB array of floats ranging from 0 to 1 (color image).

intensityndarray

    
An MxNx1 array of floats ranging from 0 to 1 (grayscale image).

Returns

    
ndarray

    
An MxNx3 RGB array representing the combined images.

blend_soft_light(rgb, intensity)[source]

    
Combine an rgb image with an intensity map using "soft light" blending, using
the "pegtop" formula.

Parameters

    
rgbndarray

    
An MxNx3 RGB array of floats ranging from 0 to 1 (color image).

intensityndarray

    
An MxNx1 array of floats ranging from 0 to 1 (grayscale image).

Returns

    
ndarray

    
An MxNx3 RGB array representing the combined images.

propertydirection

    
The unit vector direction towards the light source.

hillshade(elevation, vert_exag=1, dx=1, dy=1, fraction=1.0)[source]

    
Calculate the illumination intensity for a surface using the defined azimuth
and elevation for the light source.

This computes the normal vectors for the surface, and then passes them on to
`shade_normals`

Parameters

    
elevation2D array-like

    
The height values used to generate an illumination map

vert_exagnumber, optional

    
The amount to exaggerate the elevation values by when calculating
illumination. This can be used either to correct for differences in units
between the x-y coordinate system and the elevation coordinate system (e.g.
decimal degrees vs. meters) or to exaggerate or de-emphasize topographic
effects.

dxnumber, optional

    
The x-spacing (columns) of the input elevation grid.

dynumber, optional

    
The y-spacing (rows) of the input elevation grid.

fractionnumber, optional

    
Increases or decreases the contrast of the hillshade. Values greater than one
will cause intermediate values to move closer to full illumination or shadow
(and clipping any values that move beyond 0 or 1). Note that this is not
visually or mathematically the same as vertical exaggeration.

Returns

    
ndarray

    
A 2D array of illumination values between 0-1, where 0 is completely in shadow
and 1 is completely illuminated.

shade(data, cmap, norm=None, blend_mode='overlay', vmin=None, vmax=None,
vert_exag=1, dx=1, dy=1, fraction=1, **kwargs)[source]

    
Combine colormapped data values with an illumination intensity map (a.k.a.
"hillshade") of the values.

Parameters

    
data2D array-like

    
The height values used to generate a shaded map.

cmap`Colormap`

    
The colormap used to color the data array. Note that this must be a `Colormap`
instance. For example, rather than passing in `cmap='gist_earth'`, use
`cmap=plt.get_cmap('gist_earth')` instead.

norm`Normalize` instance, optional

    
The normalization used to scale values before colormapping. If None, the input
will be linearly scaled between its min and max.

blend_mode{'hsv', 'overlay', 'soft'} or callable, optional

    
The type of blending used to combine the colormapped data values with the
illumination intensity. Default is "overlay". Note that for most topographic
surfaces, "overlay" or "soft" appear more visually realistic. If a user-
defined function is supplied, it is expected to combine an MxNx3 RGB array of
floats (ranging 0 to 1) with an MxNx1 hillshade array (also 0 to 1). (Call
signature `func(rgb, illum, **kwargs)`) Additional kwargs supplied to this
function will be passed on to the blend_mode function.

vminfloat or None, optional

    
The minimum value used in colormapping data. If None the minimum value in data
is used. If norm is specified, then this argument will be ignored.

vmaxfloat or None, optional

    
The maximum value used in colormapping data. If None the maximum value in data
is used. If norm is specified, then this argument will be ignored.

vert_exagnumber, optional

    
The amount to exaggerate the elevation values by when calculating
illumination. This can be used either to correct for differences in units
between the x-y coordinate system and the elevation coordinate system (e.g.
decimal degrees vs. meters) or to exaggerate or de-emphasize topography.

dxnumber, optional

    
The x-spacing (columns) of the input elevation grid.

dynumber, optional

    
The y-spacing (rows) of the input elevation grid.

fractionnumber, optional

    
Increases or decreases the contrast of the hillshade. Values greater than one
will cause intermediate values to move closer to full illumination or shadow
(and clipping any values that move beyond 0 or 1). Note that this is not
visually or mathematically the same as vertical exaggeration.

Additional kwargs are passed on to the *blend_mode* function.

Returns

    
ndarray

    
An MxNx4 array of floats ranging between 0-1.

shade_normals(normals, fraction=1.0)[source]

    
Calculate the illumination intensity for the normal vectors of a surface using
the defined azimuth and elevation for the light source.

Imagine an artificial sun placed at infinity in some azimuth and elevation
position illuminating our surface. The parts of the surface that slope toward
the sun should brighten while those sides facing away should become darker.

Parameters

    
fractionnumber, optional

    
Increases or decreases the contrast of the hillshade. Values greater than one
will cause intermediate values to move closer to full illumination or shadow
(and clipping any values that move beyond 0 or 1). Note that this is not
visually or mathematically the same as vertical exaggeration.

Returns

    
ndarray

    
A 2D array of illumination values between 0-1, where 0 is completely in shadow
and 1 is completely illuminated.

shade_rgb(rgb, elevation, fraction=1.0, blend_mode='hsv', vert_exag=1, dx=1,
dy=1, **kwargs)[source]

    
Use this light source to adjust the colors of the rgb input array to give the
impression of a shaded relief map with the given elevation.

Parameters

    
rgbarray-like

    
An (M, N, 3) RGB array, assumed to be in the range of 0 to 1.

elevationarray-like

    
An (M, N) array of the height values used to generate a shaded map.

fractionnumber

    
Increases or decreases the contrast of the hillshade. Values greater than one
will cause intermediate values to move closer to full illumination or shadow
(and clipping any values that move beyond 0 or 1). Note that this is not
visually or mathematically the same as vertical exaggeration.

blend_mode{'hsv', 'overlay', 'soft'} or callable, optional

    
The type of blending used to combine the colormapped data values with the
illumination intensity. For backwards compatibility, this defaults to "hsv".
Note that for most topographic surfaces, "overlay" or "soft" appear more
visually realistic. If a user-defined function is supplied, it is expected to
combine an MxNx3 RGB array of floats (ranging 0 to 1) with an MxNx1 hillshade
array (also 0 to 1). (Call signature `func(rgb, illum, **kwargs)`) Additional
kwargs supplied to this function will be passed on to the blend_mode function.

vert_exagnumber, optional

    
The amount to exaggerate the elevation values by when calculating
illumination. This can be used either to correct for differences in units
between the x-y coordinate system and the elevation coordinate system (e.g.
decimal degrees vs. meters) or to exaggerate or de-emphasize topography.

dxnumber, optional

    
The x-spacing (columns) of the input elevation grid.

dynumber, optional

    
The y-spacing (rows) of the input elevation grid.

Additional kwargs are passed on to the *blend_mode* function.

Returns

    
ndarray

    
An (m, n, 3) array of floats ranging between 0-1.

## Examples using `matplotlib.colors.LightSource`

![Shading
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Shading example

![Shaded & power normalized
rendering](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz/MCz+Kyv9Kir/Liz/Lin9KyszCAj+Kir/LCr7Kir/MCj/MCr/NCn6KSn/Myz/Miz/Nij/LSb/Min+LCz/Mir/Lyb/Py//Mif/NS3/MSX/NCb/Kij/LCf/Ni3/OCj/RTH/Oij/Oi7/LSv/Ny7/NyX/NCr/OC3/NiL+KCj/PCj/Qi//Pyr/OSr/MyL5Kir/TjT/UTb/PCr/OS7/Lyr/RzL/MSz/Lyj/OB7/Nir/QjL/SjIxBgb/Oi/9KCj/OiP/PS7/NRz+Kyr/PSL/VTf/WDv/QyowBAX/Oxr/XTz/Pyb/LyP/SzT/Syv/MCD/YkD/QiT/Riv/PC//NxX4KCj/MBv/Px7/PzH/RzX/a0j/Rif/UC7/Ow78SEf/RR7/aUD/Mw/8T0//LxX/WzX+NwT/dEz9V1b/XEP/ZEb/Ujv/QBX/Vy3/SiT/LSn/PDH+rpH/f17/USb/LQn/flL/Yzb/d1X9QUFDHhc2DAv/TDg9FxL9JgU5Eg//Th3/blH/ckDyJwD7zK77LwP/SBRoTDP+QwefKQL7Ozr/iGn+ooNfQi9QLyNXNyn+wqX+k3Hxy6b+k2SOKAL/iF33OQIvAwX6Jib/Wx6ZhVaPdT2jiUvPOgT/roXJJwGtOAj+uZv8NjaIcExKJB69Ngb61brtNQHjOgGGOAt2Xj+AakVvVTrYLgD/nHmynGSISxuXgkf+Yiijj1+yJgGeYy29pWWxk1jXu5B7WizSoGPhpG3vRgmCZzGfeDiNXij+fkN9YEb6n255JwT9YGCeUBtnMwzBhk52OQ7ixKH6Li51TR+xh0YyDgrnxo7+iVLkKgDrt5VIKxluQhe8Zy3ekGTPtYOKazrfVyP9MjLViFP2wpjLeD2ZPQz+cC2PelLxrnv+Ug3Fk2XxWxjun4TirYbDSBDcgUDErXfWpn7FmFXtk1zfuH6wUx7SbSy9c0DmaizFWiKslW/pgE+cZkHhSRHRsnCtbjLyd0Csd0rRTxK+oHetg12cdEstAgTbbEi/qoVjIwIqAQKTDUNUAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrM2ntMk+ceB3Dd4HAOwyNGCCE5wVoNTWjJ4TJALmaNUKSmpBQTpUBgCTZtubUMGlejnR3qgTMpoCdj3siOCmc7qNPphjqnBp2ZlzmFEdHEeVkUdYiXHE10bOc8l/favu379u3rcn7GSEzjHx+/3+d53qfvtGn+5q/c8+eAE/mHQPOa/4mJmYcnzGum+0xm9Ex64sEkgJlPjkKhmD8f/k08MeBD0dGxYDLBRL3JmLA/MWfRoj96TSQ900SMCD/RfK/NC4LPy4/Jl56evhD8ToeKJCH6HAnIJgxrECooGaB4PyHpm8fPlzlzJssvgfJLX0gOQUgYog8mzqQEM5khFCooFWBAv9+BL5rNl0DxEXqNjaVgwA9yLAjKTAoCQgKQFcJwdo29BV+XFvCVxC8IvmiO9CVQfI2NjcvBEIhyObUaYkCGIJMwPHAIX5cSUKyfEL55waaP4EuYr8B+WA9PHAKUgxgS+wkCBIRcgjw1lhBQej/x5SX5gF869oNwOTll4FdODiCMK5UThOhj8YlYkA6hvxpzZ1AKwP8nPspPgf1KG6FeThke8FNcXJy6tBQT4k8iP7gf89WYU1ACQKn9/O0dvnzTffhov3TKbznkczqtTif4U5ajjFOr1YQgIswmALkEw70WQt8Whw4ozk96PqYf5IOApTiAZU6r1Ww2W6GhTAkzqC5VI0AomJ2dnUj8EyRgVBQFGB4eWDBkQKn9BG8dvu2ldl8fP6fZ4rC7zGaN1ZmhJAXVaDtWZMMhMohCGIWG8uMRDBVQ1OnvFfF5+cEzC/IDATS3tdumNBaXK1WmVCJCWGR1GgBM9haMogUxIHsh9BIMEVBSP+Hl9Tr4Mf3mK1h+JKBdPzVqtNtuHSkpVCoJQygoVyQnJ0M/SjAqihYM5xcMDVBMfV/BuZnBB68MKD8ygADQrK15ONXmfrK9qLDQQBICwDR5MhRMJAThkzFNGB7OLxgS4KvwE8Ln30+B/eTYLw4AyuAWDPcQbdPNxx9vWFtUYjAYZGAgIRBMTqYimJgYGxu0YCiAIvwk4Yv25Yun+LDfQtKPBNRo9RbH8LXvKqvKDYYMPDJSEC+C4gRDAJTOL2Q+bj8SUAc6rNGajR7bg811TeXFxbm5Ol2K06mTKVVpaYEF3+QTfBWAIv2E8UVz8MVTfABQLl+IALEfBky1WrV6V/vtyeZbT6uKK1JSUlOtGo01lwT0FYwVKigeMOjtN+DJmf++dHq0v/jFoyc3In9yOQogPKggvwwMqAFnGMfjE4MvD1RVVKSmFmjMFrsjt1CVlDR3bnIoGRQN6Dd+kSLiFxYmvr3M+ClIPzXpRwPqXR737U/3jlY31RVotBZwphnenZ8PARFhtl9CTkHquVgsoET1DYqPs73xXnywwJAvLi6HBHTCCmv0xvZHn++dHH5ypE6rN7ocno4n/1664K25BGCwLSYFRQIG298A7RXM589Pwe2nJPx0OidKoNni+qnv6bPnO9bUVDs8bR6b+/LobmGCUZyCoQAGmz+/fGHS8Snk2A8tf6SfLENXpsNbhlavratrGRi+Mtpi8vR6Ojp+/aZ/+9sL3mIL8h1nfAQlBQzdzy9fNBdfPN1eHD+GnxL7Zeh0FKC+pdo0cPflZEuXzT144/neDdvXUoBeGRQuKAZQkv7GcKQvzM/Wy8+H4ycn60v7lWG/AgSorzZ5nly++qyj84tL1051H1j7DqhwfhIFKCaDEgJG/r588d7tBX5E/Dj9AGC10WS6eWHi3pmX35w8cGD72nfeLlqANuIk/4KxPIISAgbjFxYmeXtZfkrsl4F2EFRg4GcxGk3NzRfu3bh0sntn3+73VywtKsrPz1+SlJTEJZjILygpoHA/kXwsP18+eSlVX+yHF0AvP3uXbdeja1v7Nq9YUVlZtGwZ8EOAQDBNRAYXSQYovL8xMVLyKbz52H7OFHgEhOufxWI0Oezw9NJ5Y+Kn9evXV9bWLltWUlKyhBRMYwhmB84g4zQoFaBwPyHxC8zHaK+caq+3XwZaANERWmu2WGD8HPaB3m29hw9/1L/zxw9bW2urqkow4BICkE+Q64JVIsBQ6su/d7A3jwDtZeUPbSDAz2y2GF0ul8nRZnO7H3e4zxx9cLPrxJHWqvr6+vLyciqCaaIEpQGUNH5C+ai9dyGLj/TLoP1cbZ42B8jfrbt3T4+dHzk7ca/z+M7WNU1NFcXF5TiCKgyIBZPpW2p/gtICCvQTtPp5P/Xyt1fNbC/V3wyivzB+dtvFqWb7Jk/X5OXB+2cunz578dHQ09amupqamoryElIwzVuQRehPUArASNF+/I9tPCdnxuJH+BHxy8hFAYRPwA67x3b36rPmTZ729o7z45N/e3jo40vfXmv9rMXoGNCS+4hKlSZI0LvEEgAKy5+Q+AVOH7O96Vx7B9Fe2i/VqgX1bW+3ddhOP3hvoLej4+LgRFnZ8qmvhnYc+bDaPtDuntxchAVVQFCVFqjG3IKhAwrKX4wAv0zvLyu9+DhOzuy9I4dc/Sg/jdnY1tF5q/P22J2hr3vHBm+7z181W8uufDt04dlnzbax6yP93y1dRgLCCUJQIkDRfhx7RwA+5oNHOufRD6eP8MvVpZCAwxODL/ae/mpyW4f7zsjInhcTU1Nbzl7pPPuwy33my1MbNleyAL1DSNSYaxlskARQiF8Mh58v30xhfL7xo8NH8UG/lNQCdAlY9+zz7tET44OdNzr3fLJx9blzq75ft+XgmWM/t7tfDE3uroSAJSWFKmrS4BfutKKvIKvEIQIK9ONtb9B8jPjl5DDLi/iQXyq6grFUtzy9eWFs5OCeQ79ujPglD8zif6xa1/P8+uFdd45NPB59vxYIFhYWqmhDNUEo5xGUAFAav0Dd9efHuHehtw7ER/nhO6zq6ur3Bm4c6jm3buN/8yLw5EWsGz8/eH7fbw9+6EaA5YVwVAgxjpFC7hYzSxwaYCSvn4D6ZorgU3PyQTsd4gN+EJC4w9o0cG+wZ+NKkg8Kvnt83Q9bjvVv6N6+oraqBDyQFNKEcdS7R+SXxhTg7DfQZNERDAmQ1y+G34/zNStuPl8/orz4uVdH6eH8EZeARpMdPMLdvt+zmgEYkbd65b+OnureuhtsIlXAr9xgMGBDJf3mDCSk76ljZ8PBglSJ/xIKoAR+AfkS/PGp2V97+OoRfhCw2ujw9I6Mu7/44JcI5uQd33dpx831Kyprq0hAaGgwKAuV5AtcatabHzMYgFlSAAry44lfoPYy+ej2Qj81o74ZZWXw1iUlxZlKTwHlBwDttl17xjv3r8pjAS7e2POf64ev9gHA+vry4uJiLKg0yIgnGiX99hEEnDEDA3pHMARAHr9Q46fwy6dm3NpjPnhrCqfAWkAM4sMroP3W2b2HH33/bgQ7gSv3DY4c6++DfvXFeLChjDwRyWTKOBUWnDVrBlswK7wB7yPiASND9gtUXm4+ph++NShD3/qi0aBh8KGvkYymZtPow+FDn6xmJzBv9cstXx7bsLl1TX1TcXFFRXEu/mWgz0I6+P6WCi6Ds2YxBIkSNzQgQtGAgf1iuPwCxM9/d334WH4wfQSd1gxHixmxHjzCGE2m5q+7xu4f9AJc/M/9l347uXM9utWqq0AD/HLRb/jyFvhvceYS72/NmeUbwYYGRCgWMFQ/MXx+/OCNn8WMrk0dRr1WS/BZLEDPCPxMzZu23T3U453AD/aPD20FAWyqq4P3WgUFFGEu8RhoMVtzDSpV0ty5c1iCb2RlZZGCoiscml9mdNB8RPwoQBnx2ga6sQJjNLrs7R6jRY+7a4F2Lshnam7edOLnq4/+ztqF8yI+7Tna3/cj9KupadFX67VIsCKlAj0FFmgs9vY2MwCE3zfNwR2eTUwWFAwNMDKAXwyXH//qR7+jy8dH+sEF0Go1u9oG2v9Hy73GNJXlAQBPNtn0g9msJibrhg9LNmOGrF/GEBkydmMMkIpZg9HETHUyEDuNzDLJrdKmTfdarFbSd2slQq02PNQWeUyx5SHII1IbXkOFQgCFhVVAyoigCMI4zuw5596+b6HS618++JUf//O45/8/RyGBx34Vs0tcTia5+YORD/nyDQZ9X7u9NHQfWGZr7rj+32s//sjn82HBXZvNySP49qKPwDNsedXgm71HDh/+B0hAJLhjFwkIU/BLsIxsHTA+v+1R7idEWzkCfIHCJQGIBrAA+59mfViOVWGjk6/nL8F0gptnsxbDoJ4eRnv7tN3CYAYtIePNncDvaUE+F4x0gVwzO3wWCvq2kCCtedqlYe391LQD5BAGObhrVyAFScGtAW4wgDf1S9ke5XrHZzHykTMgeWifAX7TwcmBFZNrDKuYfVR3nsNHIubJRtfiq1Y9hmHtVSYQgw6ZiEUQMovwtoZH76619rXqNYPcgnw5VrH2kJsNp0PfFwyYEaqwptc3cqAgCbhjFym4LU7A6Am4c3O/aJfbqD46QvjC/faRh/ZswdLzMWeT7qV0raHj/o/Qj8ur0vR77caxFVNF78y0VDch1UhHl4tVxGYQV1sa5lf0c+b+OUy3PLhiwPobexvX5i8BPw6HnEPB30DX1lF37lDagQN/2w0EE1AKEoRECm4VMA6/sNUjcDV1s+QLrRwhP7DZIBZLSXb20sC0t/FD1503T/v0BQXcfPDLe6vtLTUrUtdM7aRr0WG3rX34MFNcqQLjuExWUtI9ubZmW6vunqgHzH3m0ReN1c03YZ2JqMGjJQlkZeFPx0+kpR3YDQIJQsBtISm4FcA48m87Jd9nmyZfqB9KQHhqSgCyeVUKrH/Z0TD/tBXTzC6AhUNrcj6oLq5dHtGsWWTVi8pxpRDHe3AQIAFFIpEYx4VuVbOsZNlmKanRS1299c0tzndg/IP1RwACVpEHVx+Uf/ftyaMgBZFgQgIBuC04BekA3FL+RaZfcpgeBV+g8oaOrtB2A2SgViPVfWh+8aLJOyL12EaWCgxa09wzj1LY0F0/I8PVbjHOYDIZ8DDVt4jAc1UGjqutwjLjyETvuNXSXPP45nk+mD4VCq0CrOByraHpdfn5LMHJQ6lJSDAhIeFPPkE6AcP4dsYy/YXxodtt0XLPrxdSuCQSEK2XAqx/1tE5P2FfdrSM1tsfPHmqxzTSXpv497LiSrWQwWIxQzfRjCBGZpllvNrj/r3M2FIIJtACrhxrauofBFufKrOrZpin6L9+7mBqEvTb4QcMEqQNcHO/aOmXHM537BgFno8vyI8AzMoVaF/W3LnZ1+txy6pt1cUtP7diOs8zXbUaL3MzWdR2QfEeV1rxImFt17C+FUyfWmzQ2Vj8Sq/AzI0PFf2z64UXTiPBBF8Kwi85/ywYP2CMfpTDN8Dnf9qFOvf8fHuIk5L9AcDMXHb21PWpVpOjWC0U9ogr7S3Tmpnx4sVSlZi5qR5KRBYuElYOjZl0IwutepNUqqutmR591iTVOde7Ojvq/nP6YFISOQsmkCm4jTbAUL5Y/ELfNUgm7+aj8JGF4fn1AnykXzpZ9cju00if2StBvjFFlqGRCo/MrephxcRHfNjh7lKHp9r4qtWk6633lDR6dR6nbnHo3s26uxfOnSbH8O4IwC/jBozNL4XKz3+zN0wvIkL5EvftC/IjANlcbf+yjjhwYamGvItKISt2PmI6FKmUspKBPnO/3SZzK6126/i4+87A24U3BKBvDIcJ0gIYgx/l8E0O3Iw+duzYZnrhfl8El43yMZd92UKelBptyp6P0iMJGUrH8rTGVSwuYhaJ1Ezl0L0rzwdWr1w4d5wA3E0B+Mc4AWPxS9nI758b6e2J0Ev0F36JT35f666hfbXWaBWyUAY2iBkf7wdDpLY6Rz3uIjSolSUPuq6U3+you5hzPJUApBrD8QHG5ke1fARfzEcXK4nncXwVsT2hkRjg8xXOfX7o3EqQn7/08KWnkgHmQFyNb40PriZi6+wikb0spfFR4fW7d8EUmHMwHHAXTYAf6xf0LkSIH4FHxJ6ISEyk9ksn/CRc6GfoW5nrNlrKhEKRaKt+kLDHYiMB1SUD+pXrP108lxMYwRRjOF7AndSAQcM3up//XnmADxaKvqKgC2/cIBdgkH4CeOzHM+i1iva5xkabTBwHHxrGMrIArzZ619vABJhz/FBqKvExR7WRiQdwU7+UaNNfmB9gg68LJUYN8o4+2r/sD/aTgE9WUxX4bDBpRjU6l03dE6cfgykSw++TIrxtqKSh4waYAA8hQFKQZsDN/ai3L5+H+iWST1t9TTxlQEUX4ocmQOAn4cnlmG7WuWJQ6Crs3kWLsIhBQ4jBNFDWVtv1qLPwFryMcyLtQDhgQDAOwE38UqLk3+cR+YfehQABC4kBwQDZfv9/UMHHl4C5Eq0Zw6T1tkcLeky3XGsrdTNoCbzS2jbe3NVZWH7ru2/+fQLexknzCUZMglsH3NgvJSXq9EeRf7A2CV+2AoSIa18wWXD4O19gAvKweueo19M8YJowj9plajeLHkCmuPJeTUdh+e2rhN/RNCRIPYbjAIzH7++BdzUSyZdxzmR8//3eL6CgP3wtL+F8xAzIFsjHnN7l2rcTvQ5nxQcLzmQw6BIcci5M3b98GV7GQbdxfIAJ9AFGS0A/X7TpL/AwCfmuBnqaScKT5JKC/9of1KYWGWTZJxNW3ky6NZvRbndYX7hK3bT5QUHrzMup/ILL8DYOuoxDjuGEhPAxvFXADfxSYvb7C/GuC0xAnoKXBZIwfS8gCmmzAhHGR/jBvite++vJUodF1YM3G+kav2SoSu/NSZ23icaPIycP+1OQNsCY/SLPTomHXXzvaqAEPCPQjgxLJOyMvWFUsNclYHjK37lGNK5xVyZrmow9zCKVqohBb1S+6PV2P7989mxeOif9yEm6AaP6pUTmX0jdLdn3MI7vYRdUHc84I5H/urSkGPz21KlgPdjwkpGRHtS3dgo1D3FQ8ZzNzTcsTPcW40VMoYhJrx+zrLLSUfLk8tk8TpZAnnX0RPAY/mSAFH5hlY/Ih3G+JtoLctmc4em1O7d+QLVt3ziFXRtZKAnz4D8fH2p+yQafwPDgvdE4rlQx6A+xrPRx+TU+P5urNf96FZ0nJNEGGMXP/xDunzfx8z/sQryLg0prXIPi3o1vAGCgwQ8stAptZiYnPT0v3R8cVLqF3RsCQxWGmdonPKViJu1+TLz0l/kpg4HL5SmkzncXyRMZ/ypCNrltETA+P/Jq/lcEINFglSsRKHSrz6/+cArMOWSHWhZbItdMTvHhLET+ID4OcQgoMCikrkFzRf2imPUJMpChsr1tlTbN5VdJXb9cuUAeyUQsw1sC/ENsfn8Nn/6SKR7G8bcXyLHZx4VwzoGtAUSHkESu0Ew4352H7WeBIAewAF4+7x7QuCzhzac0paCw7e2ort7xM9bf8lvdxZyDB+EYTqIDkHoAp0RdfoPSL8iPfFiDaHA5I1FoKlxPbl/KQ71B7Nws1F2hMLvWOssRIDTlZAA+TiYnk49an10ur9Fj77W+Z3ySKFJO2husJSNYxYPneeS5fhLdgBv5Rexewv3IDiGUgRLtyKpzbOo86myRV7FRoYOnMK3/Vnf/GofPB2M2KwvQAUk+9Mvm8rRNM/Zqq7pWxfo0gExhqfi9yGJvql8dXL/xf+bONiatLI3j6SYbPuyH3Y8z2WSaTWbSJpMmdZtNzOQ2pplpmCZN3LTJzLpjqtuR0dqm0EEWiihSkYDIiwwRFSUqVkRofRdaixi1xopiRY1QdazWN9RSK1VrWzt7zr1cuCjT6pS7mUOifP7xvJ1z/s9zMncD/Oi3A4xkgLv47VINnTgRHv5Cg11wgGnx6+trm+X1NJWcKZYtrGfAJMuQOF/4JiaS+JAmi5UE0J0J8AMljHJp+/Yk77W0n0LS4rGpIJcYS0qa7r8tAxZ4KvoA9wTAPfx2md85Qn8gYbABzLgZNPq0x0bXzW5IBE3rGag0V2739FjXJGv1fKZYtwS1kBmoHhIFqFKteVqEUg6FxEV9nV/b3XTrliiHFIB7E8iukdjBs/tf4/eP4GSrM/Gs8eXV7WnL9LhdP+vjm5g0KI58umJ54Byup8kF+un1y5BeRhJwc6jAUmoFbu/LfIQ0egi7gF1Q3F7Tdb+wLjMQA/ek4egAJPD7ePdEe4wfJjqIwO9s6HryWtFW+dbK4qJVMdml3fHxVUq53a5deODf9Nl0vc/70LIW5YcaoESwY+nt4JEIkFNbXFzc1i1qHMz8EWThSAD/+CEAI/D7ONz8iPgi8SPeDwHbyigqmjCNNC2+HB0XbG7ZTFq7VqZ3OprvDtt0Cy98j+sz+HwoQ0ANUKLXm5tbCqhkenB+e2dNYeNgDnqzRB5A3IHDRjoDfieIupdzYf3RwckaZ4N9lajEgM9cWl6x+P3TCvPwgGB6SeZtbW0wtDRt6KYsFqhcUfEhPj6NpjItNN+WDnERMiOgVOPZqqtOSUlOPn/+VGy0Xfjd/D4N6V6Chwfhg3Gg/YUUGhg/GnNAqVPMGxq8JU1Lgukpt9ur6efVtlun9Hp/i0+rGH+cwUcNUCVf6mkxcMm0P1jIzHfdzEtMTMYNkAyAEfjBR9xC+FDdyy7zI/ILGSDs7NUK9A4zjyudLBkXKMwtvY4KhNNhbvU75s2Tq4r2W+sT0ABtAKCut1XDQ0gFyK01FOYVZVxJJAPgLgP8S6hHlcjvHBFfRPsLGSDIDBKZTO/wCl8jrwuKva0jBoNBaGSzhcbaDrOQPdnjtgw/5tv4fJuNqaTr581CNbkWyKvtelpPo7/JIRFgOL9Pgs/gRZANfb47/B2PITZGJ9DA7sI1vd3eUgkKWHbDS+MQj6OmgixBRZB+NleqaXb0tni0axN8G/B0+rwmn4OQC5DS4R/x2PXbZQF5QhjAjz4MYHgGjsDv5C5+nxPdF08f6HBJXKLBYjJUNt+K1S98TaVKDVyEKM1FEA5bOCmsmG7uqrdBgFqruaOfQu7iCPNr290v+xozSQOI37+F8zt5MhK+Pfwuocd+GD8o0WDAtiKt9UGJUMrj7VWXAoaVk96R4QmbbWDALlNo8tVkA+T9Ulky8ryrLDP5VGSAf/pQgHv5BfPuHusLjoeA4S8mBm9TxU5H5XSJWGnSamUymcLbUBDZORGOdLKhxLpiG1DZ3WYjm1wPBjFQKDWMau7VlOF1dGArFwWARAOMwI+I79ugbCg01wqbzg77e/G+INOUa80km9W5vb0jBp7617W4+Wa/zzagtMu8Ff0kA6RQDPfu9vW9xXbCpABE+WEAMfcNmV9I9BeOD0u/MYHBkvHoSkhgiWd65nR6h0XQWiF8lzYc4Rk1i3NQCz4vJduDKUhFU6dIVDaYmRwA+NdoAYxggCF+585dxZ9jJNILzXY5jvpvaraYkQ2PTtHDKgZzZdjinx9pHXmPPheh5JuHIUBzlK+CI9WBHQ9L7wzmBHfC+Il01ABiBhiO72pkeoTROHhDOIOuYrDg1hbTmNo2lpo1RmHb+xwT4RgbVgBA8j1YDbZyGzOlOdhOODb6AA+FOzDhIVUc3x59X5Df6dQEhnjN+gY9gkbbylX2qZ7mIe77Nxdgh9UzoFXUkg4QAbXn7DNUZAn4kQWQwC/M9rCZJOHqvrOhsVbwzlJO33xSj46FYDBVSgmd7vY3FOyDClV6e87da6CQvqTChmcPRTd+xI8S8CrmgwGGPDjkwFdx38VMD38PFFuE0UL45g0CnB33jGXQmCqTUqUyydx6hcO4v94ig0fbS3oViHBG2/q6O+tuBA0wygAPEQGeDOOH4UMFf6EVptkAtQuNtTHeNMZnqiSyNabSZJrz7uyztFNL26dGyM8hBa8eiQrLiB4cdYBYBCS4b4geKjoF6/h1XG0V0mwE+hNozI2VFbtSRXcv2+wSrXZBs2+NqdHayiY9BEpfWV+UEVJItAHiBojzI8BD6WEDhWJiju8daoWNZodPA7gsw3adwDOgs+sUewZcvSOPLO6QnUOolR2aCtSBQwYYfYABAwzwC6d3GpWdBtBdIg61isf7Y1RahdnjnNK3WFvndG6/kLrv8LT9kmyAamHT/beNgT6HgAFGFWAwB6MG+C2G73rAcy/B1xizxawzp4PcTuNTmQL40LcBTOM9FofVMeKft1gFBwhrVKNGTXYN07F9vzEHGmBstAESckiAX+AZ6f9CdJjrwoFMDPrT73BsqanxqWfwnW82g8FisRgSukSrm/KaR5tr8w3PFt07+7/hoBYYST5MpRieFxQOQn7QAOOOhtoNSQH4BS61DwxSS0VH2NPHLnyPU4ODreBKQ2ezy5lMhlg3pZS5BQoNl0tVI9y7/gOENWqlkFwPpgqLH4owfijAuDhSAGIefPXqFyi+1Eup+EpLS4NdRG/uJMVjGSNbLklKgq4LY59Y5xpjwskQS26BY6cAbe1FKKMNyAEcLJ9MgIg6v6Ib2F9KIuCHdSoRJL7RBQhTCDBAwC7tB/SThg4Dy84GGw3ZjMp1OT4hIRv4K90JamYW6rpiOd21NQBHtHstCoHhl8BvzjYeACCvkkSACEdY291YHeQXG0dstCED4L+up2bDUSFidOaX2CQGXwE/vb7H95jFYMglYpNs9glfTJcwxXIdIKeYs8uWBAqBo6EheCrFYR8sSJGGD+EK2wrLqlNSEtO/TsdbvcgG+INkBiy6C/6dcaL/nPpW39jwGvzmdM0qWleXnM4F14xTYXU6FdvWXovToXjW30/2xcbBb4OFbTXlsE0pMT39a7TTizyAgToaxMDUS6WlVaVVoqqq8qonT2rKwd+tudWx/9yqKX9U/qSrpty32l3TtdxU86jcd6+ry9N2/8XDps322+xKHvI7A8gdujX2c15eXno6fHbp/wMQVIF/u5iZmZkDVmZO5mBdTs6NlKw3yyttnaK6uurqurqf6l2djXXV5Y03q+9U3Xzs6hb5asaWXc2jIYEkR/o7IUjl9Hn6MBfBAAAgAElEQVTqf87NzUX5BXoNSQL4Z/QuBOrW/h4Xe+rixWTwOZ8MFjD/K3cyVjtFZQAljCaXV8G2KKX6pxTw22apFjpLb67XK51t9yy4RFddaTxImCdzK4wgQ8+fZuVeuHCBVIBYOz8kCPV/xw5/dvRo7Cm4Yk+B3PXNN1e+E2+K6kAtnwijyYWtRpDV4LfcrGviV4XVeUUqhfHR0nyJEI4XQtTsjrv7rwOBn5Hq+eqh0ZWiAMGoA/wDgSAmhj5y5MSRY4cPfwYRBtaXX/7z31/J76GHGbAWSE+/cQOaJex/vHLt+/K6vNwi1XNR/fgLv6ZSyqHwCjru3t5/OEQq971v/q1HMZO+rCyUIIkADx0K6Hk//eQYAAgIfhb3P97uNabJLA0AcOIl6qzE1RWzYX/gxEiMOESNGglNJo4O4GSIELIkUwhMtjXrthi30qRNl24HewnTglhr2nIp6YWWUi6VAhXacgkVAqMg1+i0UFkRQRQRFtFxHNxzvu/r1TLDSL89wR/4R/PkPT2Xvud9sQEAk5NeOfowv7S0xET4+DstDfhlZnMz+Fw2Vbo40dpeWFRTKddXKesGTA2/4yxcIMT5OpBQ8NPjFgpOgPs8gH90P2iIjY2N3LkT+UcwwNOnv/pb37/cftjIhAGYnZ2ZyWbTqEY6p727W2m2LzfwRgZ0j6cK1ny+JVRZcL+P5tnUXJ85HELADWhnYHcfKUgIC/bDKqMwCiP3Y4InT32LXObC/wHqBx8vJxOz4aBRSXROzrXm3hWHbkZuX+p6Pd695qMIIddsZeItKDQNvaJQcALc536bjvbhioqKjYpFC7VCwchIdB6fPHkK+Tw8eRodyacRQCIgpKVTSVnnrxZ2m7sUi+1m8aTCeX9attalNUFl7mXhndjB4smsk2TPTjDEgJDQE4JYP9mdGGHk/shPP0UED6DHSF8+BJCYlJROOnc+v7CbJ1ZopeM96hZpa2lRjWit06uydlqF+wZcZBlwVFA8W2kfwfUC7kYFsRAMD98RhRiG7fQQRgJCz4KCAcIOgh7AdACYX5i30FFSwXe969K6nJeaGura1vbs6EaBvnNahPMqAuvAOV7T2RTcAPchDYZOwFY5UTs+ENwPPw7dggc//8o9kuOJxBQYgWcu5P/nYZdAy+dzW7QuqfOl45mpsXItOZMEprLnxS28l2Ew2h6ON4+SYRvnEAOic3jfMTi2h4efOBG+Y0e4nyBCiBiiigcPHvQKxhMxwPJlcZmED85MbKnR6eS0jxfVrWV/fEMo003MVOF/hhaJ5NbOvgzf0jshBdyECCIpguE7wqFgWBggDPPO4/1wKsOBNKBFAeMhYEpS0plzl+Y7BH1kcDJh08COJqf9QdEwYw1HNIJqzKxwto/gn9rB4Mlrl9RXUhMDV5F1A+72DUE3oEfQ96MwMighMSUlKf3sO3FZnySDmwm2hHTO9dJCzZ2ayrbfLB9GYClHul47x2W4X+MkiN72iDvrr4B97El8ADd5BZGPwvAAwaCE8TAGU4BgEgUcjsHZLpsGAM9f0rx5c7NYbult+3VBArOt2O6YcLb/H9Lbckc61WUVGfBW2v9Of92A2BxGQxCZxNvDvYIfEvoJHjqEzGIiMRk92SGA1wvnVwQvbg8MPr1Z+WtP+G8w2op7ul67nO2N9/D/EOTVzhnpNArytciBzw+EEPCDENzuFgwLW40Q4QN/YPdFhBBsaZCDHQTMBwtyi3F2csZqqqtUrXZhT9iiqpLX2cGu0dneUIf7VprZ1vjwVvM7CvrVekgB/UNwOwRcVXCnOwaRCES6V8ZDwXgieioBKzKVRNUaWlzSCefc3Ezz0ykhM1iaLyEhVyiTWXp0i2DXMz6sxz/JXMgS1jRYZ7/7NtE/tyMEgH4heAztOYn1I/cX/GAOYx1A47F5jGxp0qlUGpstpXPutpf2F70pYDFZuYF1jAk3mAzViK3BLi4B1M7WaTkP7znMzH0v0lttur7Lqf7pWet7J+ILiIVgMMGw1RaSAMEkFJBKNdKzrpfn5eU1Cd8TElT6AqSUJJzMSOsAAqtAKauU1/bWqltcLqPzWtFwJe5TuIo3ZjYtDxouux9rhg7QPYf9QjC4YNAgjMcE4WqMApJIdE5198KtO7/cg0+9RuRKoYqVu4XJBD+5jAKRaGzEdku+4tCV8F1g391+p0aI94cgs81mtStGbfVYJV8PYMS63spt8AvBTceCEP4pWBB+FjiN3dsZCHgG+GVxzr+efNkoryIk/CyU26zFer2+qk3FqKoc0zdWiuq6Hg8PiEu0fBcE5DyuGxHi/FaONVarE5QsIg9t/FJUQwHoDkH/SRwo6EcYIIg0U4WA6bDeE+nsOQDIaZ15/t8ahognt3TNNsvMtoax91uqbL09t4tvWrueLZsU4OzskgLA1mv3p2X4hiAht7JYUaI1lH13ORUHwIBJvHkNgp5pfPSobwSmpx9B/GAlhOrS0vEGvb5OPiBurbHrhh7MMxjKni7Hs6EGS4d6tqtewnexIeDdQk1TVS6ut6oEldKiM0gk8MW/f5J0RMR6nvx7Otj4CW4OFFw9CJEO5h7B40lxABDzu/qgP08zbB5YsqwoJmoFEw+XrHKleUA8UVo0BpZfQ1kFH149SI30a/1TN6vwfS5HEMntAgk/IyPVm2MZALgrFIAXUb9AwVWn8VF/wJS4uMNH0JqoV6tLLz0anu+ttQ+awGalpMU4Otf8tNhiVzif2JB2ynzox6YBQM7c8zq5XoQrIM/27JWTzaUgRxHft3KhAcTm8LZtFzHAY78liDR9/8wLCAX3psQdPnzmy3Pf/PP78sLyPE2TeWVpSTc5qAOLhbH1WumjN5aejhLX/d7nCi3mx5bCPY/zZa/uNp6baVgBr3GqdzSL5A8Y8Zc/RwBB6LdnfYAbED4wNqOAXkE3YXgAoY8gthDDCDwMZvAFmA3XZLv91mYXzC2vqNVqCVfKqdZouns6ewRa/uigTVxBRv1oNJqRTufkvJx5MMXDs/DOvR8YevNg/yCJ4knUDy3gbtQPCm5eRTDK72gX6y8Yfyg6BUbgEdifsPrSE7tYIXCItXdNYoOEzGdTc/LeLJhXBOIyCVnSIiiTZFC4mQggiMCsnFKN5hchC99l5OeCxuknywsGrGhCTEyMB3BPCAA3YH7bLrpbZgcTdN/QwK8+fQTREIxGAb+5Wl6ome9Qa7UlBolrFgRbBhcAPhrpENSXwNItGeQKCbz7ymRnI4D0rGtFT4dvshKEeF0LEpiqBEICi6dsHDGNYrWzQgu4desXX6xBMBz7zi4qNkAQEEYfio5OifsaAFY/HHrSJTZUSCRkMtlguAKCDQD2//RiEfwdOQMshUiCDXZ7Q6OSsr5vaqipk7eN4bWbTlC9LWAy9Bb77dpaB1K97ZQv4B8+HnArqgfH+gSRCAT7mLgjX547uzj6o6OsAvJlINlc8KI169nsj4NqJFWUgqbVgACEfjAEcwZNVotVvoxXAUYCb6RYr5QPKGYWxAJYP/DUqRgIGBEBfjDAXR8FuBHTQwS3rVMwPnrv8bjDcBuY3z9YokUSuMDGi0KBV61s7qtHPYIK1A9JC8nMxiKQSqK6JoZk4LiixKf6CYGhrO00TVs6FpvfvoCtvf6KAsZEoGPPxwN+stEH0Cu42TO2r0oYRDA6ei8EBKvwkFlsgICpMJcLTaOh5Sx0lCEX/2leP5jWkA6WERL9Vadj4qW1+B4uASiUDQjm3q7Ut7QMLgv6IGBMIOCejwT8ZGuoBD2Af/832Aaa6rGHGYneTCQF9EvEfiVmZsPEmiTYV55KotONUuPd8gdPZTgkKRBYeptOrRaUVZC51xc6PgDcsy7AjVuDTeLfIRjrFQSAx7/+x4X8cs1856TBBxB+Y5KWegXpKQP00jLRrAYImIQCZnFyYKky5T0capAxWQWNz9VwASNzh3rqvVM4wgdw18cCrhKCaxKMCiIIAKsf2TrqBbDGkjcbDhAmpqamYp7JyZnJxGwiMSUbXoAhgDnVhZopyw8JBBUr9KXg2/7H2rnGNJWmcfwD2Tgu4yZC4ofNmNn5MIlhwexMnIRkmhCCSxGiYIwm7BAhXBLDjEEu5jRcVi5ts7QVrBDaAjVtpeVieygFKm2xkkJNq+LgikHY6rBchlVEHUVwYHT2vOfSnnN6Ti1tX2LSzz//z/O+53n+7/Ma5XN9YFOr7xuorco/eZKWAsMCGMVM8CwTwQBhjJ9l/vrNV2dKfpV2Tk6idyPTTuFmLuCJI3Bm+YxJeA27ILOosW74zR1jdeu2JMJnGQ7PbpXLXGNahF9ZWVVVFcMeEhZAsgRZCB7aAcG/fPv336SdtVVl+N3SFN8C3qhTKYSvK4vURSnIPVey8HRluEekVqtUkSXIE8msOodBiA5fzCsrywcC9AO4LwyAUZ8wp8HQCManpteD6Sz56CdnYlJKUgp1ZWXRFAgaebmXS2ZG3ihgq15m3vBIInqGNipcQo0QHArycvLy8oH+6HtIeAAjSvDr+LiUxPx8cFRNTCQ7Cr0rnbDGpfpiGPkWufpeobC5DIPTztVBVXXEbn9xILt5TNiuBZ9AOSfAAvh8AtyHA4wJByBbEO+YYMLXoMiflJRIwocSjKMDxLxxqUQMH848d9/p+MXk1s3pNh8Pd4vEESLIVats99fmnwgE4FSP80umnwKRFR7AqCAIBnUgRKv84IbEAbRelERa6dSVinvjjv8D7QN8X9ql0S7ODDmAx/W9TG6URIQgB+LzzfDQyGp/mwADmEwVYIQABkXwEMNmTCMIitSfY3dMKPjikD+MYko6yZ2JNZOxVl7pDw0NbTMug1LQtrRudRg9Ek74BDm7Kqu3t2+LYNvjpYZCUM1PYxFgRAGS0+DHCJIREt2mL2kLWKyx/l0cyZuZmp6ahdkLAcGjR8FnsUUDjApt/YtrSxPu7rDPg1xIDP4XOLxuvd69iF0YBvzQUpZ/BIcDMDiCgQ+EeKtkLwVh0pdJePvui6Q4JBXSIJIIgrpMDWgyVVy4cbfjYvPwy94wCbZW4k0CrsRstq23FxYDgGg9P/IAgyQYYCsheiX49QjvAiZ/9M/bRyYQpuIEj+Ma/A4rbSHfJFfqHrwTVfN4YT2P26q2w7fxq1Cw0zk2kIMCTE5k2ULCBPjHT9jSYHAEaSauveQYJnrIFIYowvhUr6OBMIVUFF27eu/WoGibA6aEQtwQEXJaxZ5RN1bh5vKnTYtaQWlpMb6J+ADuixzAqB0TZKj0U9fn5EVliHoL03FLA07wO/yjuOTO8nIP/kh9T6hvXFfyZfxng5JWNAdKrPrn8+Ulr1ryTrAfYsIFGCxB5kS4x99J6A+RosJ03JeUSnbVFBzJzC6/NKKfxl7XRE5xW73Voey+1XyZfPzhkkfM43Cg3tt8q26t7r0ZvLHO8BkSIYDUIN6ZBr0tzyAQevNgvJ8t6XBBZm7RuWsL0+t6FGCrSG6QdYs5OzvRcLhQr73b6FTOP16Wd4t6e+Qqj2325q2psYHaPKKazyDAs+ECpBPczaZBhkToZ/5ghegj6LMWEraaw0dyiy43XXs1e2+5m9PKbYU8sO7+So+IDwWPkIsoTtWzoYfH25+srptWpl2u9UGXaf26WdrXUsZUiSEA7g8bYFQADe4OTDDWR/BjDH0i9BEELfmjwFWDPtTccfHO8o+QSCy2y83StTt6GPbwoV3BbCeIVtWVlb02p8M2JdUKnsz/b0QxOnbfoNsckZuWXr1tqQK1mGPHqBEcEymAfgR3B0HwUwIgCeFeVoTUvZgawyjAxns/L3TUXR+SdMMKIzw1rpyfHTXMLIt3qYHL9SOZbxdPbZdB29Uyk1Qp7GsRtF2ue6Aw6ZTtlru3pnQmwzqYIs0GcH8EANKCeAcEY8kEY2P37mVj+AUDQsLY9bfDR7LPzYy6Vx4163ths+mNYmtOY7G8Xnv0EvpdLVPxJehjBhxm6XGqeWK7Sj4k4UlUU5p2LfBDXHrpdDiF2if9l2ecQmHnpg+g/xYSEYB+BNkT4acUhLGxZITgB2sYsxE8+i2iwOzzvy3Orl8fNrtGx5f0tvGxdkHbjSuPhkQildmk6IF6RRDE4yKLg4EEjmuweGqIr5KoVS7DT3BPj3ViBjwKLhBYBjTtnV2CtvIrzSZp32RnJyhHH0MAMmTAyADcAUGKCGNjKQixHyxJMIGCECcIAAIFni+/1HhvUOGYkyoX5xxjfS0NbZeGH9wxqqzjq09lds+Q3cMXSSRqZIH2UyUEqSVivojv6fZMK1TwqPKFw60fkk1JQQsftPULC4sbSssXjGbhZG1tFciBOMAM5F9M5AFGBYzioAnuwX6ybMUJJII+cyECMPOf4JXNl9Oj7ucP28H4pBZBQ9t/7m+80cOj0rWVQdg1MWiFrVs295CnF0IAQpJuudwqlytMRr7j+qB8XDP/eFiPbBwDXehcFuAhKa4prXi74WzvqkX7ISjADEyAMaQtJDSAfwqHIDmMY8lrD5sM6QjjfA5hFOCZf11BzrtjM65nE+5FUEYGHrh+RD/y0Smh5a3c7Nx0zG2+WHo8bK9sxUIYMq875uZ0i6YPmzPWcam27d+jWy6DDrSgMRPJKTCa5cLq6nNNbVUZtgkfy8j4c8Y+ugBDAxgEQfYoJoswmgHhHuwXE8KEBLrHGiH41ZmS5p+mxtpfTWlmJxxgH8hBAH7fNDTlMCHZ0KJUtj+Z779x8+qw5HeOd+/lu1cXFxG1al/rhNoWQdfaz86xgUnMFoG2oU+XFhR1/KoT1uKHGFSAGX4CjBRAehqkaXA3C8FoRoIAIhtCnKDXIoxI8Mj5Z3MO4WSfxnLzncnQh/qSamrmlUKtcgBRI3on4m4Hwm+bMnRhaPX1a4vFou1Dp1Fd2PrQic5LRefdgTbqDwVNw+PSAS9AIEAEYEwMRYAhAtw5QeYwBibPWBaGLAj9CB4/mjbZ1dlZX19YXPHLByGiItTFVZxTmIPgq6lp6++/cLejbpk6V4oDyWwPLZYW1E0nyMlpGfDOWCKMEYf/uzXWOUlkwAywKALcHw7AYAgGSoSHWAlSETLcPU6gEUxNzUrLK8vLO4EIT4moKAe1cdWcPt0ARgmAi6AVN641Xx2kvT7CEcErLywCgaAQtR4W1td7+aWkJQKCaZMDoFWN8WMTYAQBRoVCEHupfGcIqQTj49OzTmG6ScvBxnNhPi5g5QL8wHifxqfGHlqpmiuRm3VaQSHGD7y9R/Ajpn/lY44EUgBnIAKMoWTA0AGGQJCaCHGE0R9HGOgCPOCXno4PRkrzjufKImxwWLW6qWTEbaTVCLlqm3v1rQUc/IqRP7T7i+E7lZgC+KWdzEfo5XsFmEEIkMIvdIChEDzLTnBnCH13xuLRMjVhAvHOl0KHI2FW4Iqixot1Vx+IbtPvMGwoVraULejJ7wRNfGAlJ588idDz4UP5RRBgMAQDbyUowuhoFoSxzAj97i2ilX6ykQYYGE7jF7m/QwG+WxiG6Q85c9Wwa2N6UVsIBIinAD+AOD8CoH8AhwUwFIK7AxEMUoV+l2exhh3FRUNYkEC9P7to6brVpKDdyGkVyZ0Gl64PPfr56+/AgeSDycfwRea3j8rvs8gCDIKgvwijgxPhHkYRUvpN6V4PDckEV5Fb1DhhmF2mPpXD2WWH15VCTRdxdvbxO4Cvgzi+g/gGwhTAn4UFMDIED5EJBqlCahwT40DiqA4azIFUkJldVLS52vEA5lHPgVAv/HyzBTNvMPIDCxSxCH5MARwmwCAJBg7jP9AIRgeTCqkiJFpOlPlcOMAjuUXny5suNr/7sZJEkFOpUr1UjCrLL+Rg7o00JnzoCswvTIAhEjxLRxiQYCCE9N6xz72AehdAxyn7/OWmkoWnMnGviPAecVp5qmmba8s227yhqSXeG/h/b2cc08Z1x3EVgWug8tQoIhU4aiQ6CScFt1Faq4p0G5NaKUJLVZX8kZFHczS9NEldJ41y0molZERwZG2kWsztgqCvA0w3KGJEadcktM0FsgN1RKQrlwUpzdpGdCJsClE0limt9nv3zr47+87cnc0Og89nY5NPvr/f99273/1Ox0/DR+ZfCD7zBLgiAF0RDDlHmDZPqEeo9kYiALds3z8YOR755k9nT549+f7r95OJ1N/c/+Z7f/xo6OLN63ffI5d9pGcDG/hVGfhR/ZkKMFeANglmJML0MC5KI+g8jo2mrM5XNzy+5VCkd+7aiV/9duzO0PgH//30zTd+98avf//Ol+dG+zvfOt0fGxloUcuKdfGblGB5Sn/lVvxyBuiaYDgPCNMnuaiVPLpeN1/99P6v5xbHv/nwVP/st9dOjk6+88F819LkxNjliVhieHzhZmdfC+3zmsmPTuDXlafFb4pfngDaJrgswpB9hBYi1B08Vo/aNTz+4t//NXt56M53/T3D17/sv/r5AuzgXj03NBvr6ftq4eLCBXrRqdpMAynXFgM/owDzADB/BIuKSh0jNJnvNxy1a2j4+ZlEYiZy+nzPmdtL/7z24QLs3d47O7TUmejr6+qcOd+lXvWM8qtR+VXo+ZVn4ZcPgKYES7wrjNB8liudIBjJK42NB/bPjcUSrW9/8tm1v56eWX/v5LmrV3oGOjo6yCk0usvGJflVVBj1V2bNLy8A7WrQFkH3cVyd1lwqVT/zyoFn52MDrYdfiPT2fv/R5NXF6YmFoViiY1dLy9GjZCYxCRDctypdfmWUn3kCzBfAHDSYF4SZItQAKggbO/p2HDvQ/MXi5MSF65MT0/2XT3X3KSchUX61VvzKkouVAPME0DZBM4RFyyIsdRbHxgOfzz33CxLGpM/omdtXxpZufDza390dG+nYtYvOotaqANXRn45fWfmy/PIF0JygaRgX2xFhyGUqrM488EkTIWk9v2/f8Exn898+n7zTTdow6M8BsYxfAz4TfisL0GYitBPHpXbjODXfv1GTYKqU9cXh4eYbC6Nj3co5SMopIARgVW1NUoBm/DL0txIAHWjQFGH+4jjVXCqtELNhn9If7uBfPhufTbQeO7Z3717tJKQq/b6bejaXpf70/AL5A2ghQq9rERa5jOPqjO5ctBCT8Nt+8K1I7/WbnzS/ffhwCiARoFt+Kw/QVINmmdA5Qqs4rtYUqKbBzZsJQNKea/Dd3v9cvHxlfOZg8+G9aafBGfY+bPLLJ0BHCH+WZ4R6EcKIMK07l9ofbvtL+yORP0/Hlubnb1y6cuvMjudp+XNtJr8yO/zcAqwPOgJoJUKzOHZsyGYiNLbnUgpoNivtzV461B6ZG/2hJ5G4tbh46lSicefO1Jn8Lvm5A1jvWymCdkRYuhxBQ1MV0tlnHekPt+XlQ+3tg+/e/SE20NF6D4aCM7fuTZFWCNtqtqbnP/v8XAKsdxjFplaycggNrZGe2bBundIfbvtgJHKi999tXX0tu/qm+lpvDZ3v0urHtRJ8R/zcAgw6BOhIhLmnQh3BNY8+QwHuPjL4xaW5u/3kSoGwC7ej8YV5WnqlHHmryRK+2fi5BZgvguYIc3ATEw1u2PAE6Q/37JH2f8z9YZrOQZN9uH2LI9FoSoAu+bkGaE3QEqE3tzjOjjBNhE9V67uqrKMAj/fenb7QNnD0NQXgzqhWu1Zjxz5M+bkH6Jggw+QswpB9ERob+2x+bM/TpDnXUKy7jXQH2Umqhl7Tqp/V8meT2Zfl+OUA0NpIfBYArQiaDqttqdAaoa410hoF4G4w4a+HRojqSNHV801NWumVUr1bZzZ6tuCXH4AOCTJk8eaK0F4cKwTVrioKQKXH6PFLswNK0X1TEykcatqmla4l+a1yyi8ngC40aC1C8zh2i9BAEADu2X2EdDf7NnE0StsQ0cqr3PnlBtAZQUWClgQtROg4F2oIKcGNG3+6ZsMTe15uP/H9p7HbS120aJwWrun41SWPHZmmP2t+OQIM+uIaM7Ia1x4DsCQ5hV6J8uUCoUNDziQIEvzlkUtzF9umWrpHaNHutq1ppWvJY5dO+bkEKPACH1QQYknCQI3cBCkeFwRMHsR9sM7zcUVzHplh4rxMVuOMnDUTWqTCsDM30bkxjWIg+NjtkbapaHRKFaBWuZbGb5VDfi4BYpHnWElAUr3IshzcI7iJmBfII4wEJIjYJyKyIiN4AgmswPC8hLCIsoswLwj1AxqaB9f/pCkK/hGNGvjVJRe19MVG+kvnx7gMYTbIIVbkUJwVRVYQEUe+YGFhgTWe43w+uJdZeFagdwz8BrwCZ8+ElgiL3CBMTs88/HBVbVNTVB25bDOoTysdshG+GfxcA5RYgeVYXM8iwCKyiGdZwAg/gSHoEHFSnOVBiPCUwCG4wwyIFl7AMwxT8n9G+OCDP66q2ap3Xk18RH4qP8fhC/zcApSC8CUJUr1UH5RkQYIFYx+GjCjI8Izgw7IPtgUF7BFkLAtY9jAYM1iWqALdEMwFYUUFqTZN4dPxo/JbpcdnN3wJPyY3FyZGDN9J6yUeHIz7iDfHk1uIi1Av8SgjmbiivxKyAgi1P0ZBV7DaS9cVhPAnq+jIfWUh/FhLLsBmF6Fy4uJDCr4KpVy3TrkZ1JfEZy6/ZfXnFqDA8YQc3JAAP4M+CUwYKdAwj1kJ7iUf2SoIMJxhJQ+DMCsjATAiBBuQhxFY+PQCxBay8BQvc4WALYDZAOZ5HFgdKCj0+wXMVxYWFlfe50f3VRYLyF8s84h/lX0yXBR+MrzpgQc2Le/I5Opb9AIgSqVknZEexWclPxv6cwsQ8h5PXIOHxEcSHmQ/JKI4WUcimIsQJ5aCEUmJ4B3wWuIzYCUMw4seRgSAEgfCLPGQHCrI3GoOB7wFASxy4Erwq/AbsgyJlfgS5ngRgWGRNxPJB3DCWvhAEXLvI0pUhw1D61AojR9lSGv96jJynzU+W/zcAgQucAN7QOAgAAge8QBQJDxlTmDBQWAD4IXxi/JCTgZ34VmJ8dq96XAAAAFUSURBVLAyfMMQkfMAQfAZGOywfIDFARl5MYuI9ZA3ZgsLyTsARCBGIJKP4IhZwX/bWvKOPOJepQBhlBPS+MGSUmFpKQWYnKzKEJ8xeq3lZ8XPJUAeE+EgkBjAQrwAmEATcbBfAfEIYT7OwxAQVAhWzREisBEWDjESAIZfw1gQBdbjEVkZuIq8LKIApD+Z5wE8SBjgYMCH4b3hMxCRHTyjfBiQhKEmvOIRNqlAsiQr40IhHUK6SU9Qq7nKjs8uv9xNJGUlqosQD1H37OKwLY6wkhqpk5TQG/0ukdQRDeMtKPDSCxxQN2ELAwVAU8begJc4id8vs35lRXEWvz/sD68Nb2I5mgTDYRVhSANIgjoJsFQFWGaElxa8TvBp/NwBDKb8V7vLNrOgzi4wGUuJ+ZBGD1Md1FSmBjPJf1Rx+EeqiYRTCyAM6Rads2RMlBr3O1zzywLwfyKzIzNfdlSlAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Shaded & power normalized rendering

![Frontpage 3D
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frontpage 3D example

![AGG
filter](data:image/png;base64,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)

AGG filter

![Custom hillshading in a 3D surface
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom hillshading in a 3D surface plot

![Hillshading](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hillshading

![Topographic
hillshading](data:image/png;base64,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)

Topographic hillshading

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.colors.LightSource.html

