# matplotlib.axes.Axes.specgram

Axes.specgram(x, NFFT=None, Fs=None, Fc=None, detrend=None, window=None,
noverlap=None, cmap=None, xextent=None, pad_to=None, sides=None,
scale_by_freq=None, mode=None, scale=None, vmin=None, vmax=None, *, data=None,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Plot a spectrogram.

Compute and plot a spectrogram of data in x. Data are split into NFFT length
segments and the spectrum of each section is computed. The windowing function
window is applied to each segment, and the amount of overlap of each segment
is specified with noverlap. The spectrogram is plotted as a colormap (using
imshow).

Parameters

    
x1-D array or sequence

    
Array or sequence containing the data.

Fsfloat, default: 2

    
The sampling frequency (samples per time unit). It is used to calculate the
Fourier frequencies, freqs, in cycles per time unit.

windowcallable or ndarray, default: `window_hanning`

    
A function or a vector of length NFFT. To create window vectors see
`window_hanning`, `window_none`, `numpy.blackman`, `numpy.hamming`,
`numpy.bartlett`, `scipy.signal`, `scipy.signal.get_window`, etc. If a
function is passed as the argument, it must take a data segment as an argument
and return the windowed version of the segment.

sides{'default', 'onesided', 'twosided'}, optional

    
Which sides of the spectrum to return. 'default' is one-sided for real data
and two-sided for complex data. 'onesided' forces the return of a one-sided
spectrum, while 'twosided' forces two-sided.

pad_toint, optional

    
The number of points to which the data segment is padded when performing the
FFT. This can be different from NFFT, which specifies the number of data
points used. While not increasing the actual resolution of the spectrum (the
minimum distance between resolvable peaks), this can give more points in the
plot, allowing for more detail. This corresponds to the n parameter in the
call to fft(). The default is None, which sets pad_to equal to NFFT

NFFTint, default: 256

    
The number of data points used in each block for the FFT. A power 2 is most
efficient. This should NOT be used to get zero padding, or the scaling of the
result will be incorrect; use pad_to for this instead.

detrend{'none', 'mean', 'linear'} or callable, default: 'none'

    
The function applied to each segment before fft-ing, designed to remove the
mean or linear trend. Unlike in MATLAB, where the detrend parameter is a
vector, in Matplotlib it is a function. The `mlab` module defines
`detrend_none`, `detrend_mean`, and `detrend_linear`, but you can use a custom
function as well. You can also use a string to choose one of the functions:
'none' calls `detrend_none`. 'mean' calls `detrend_mean`. 'linear' calls
`detrend_linear`.

scale_by_freqbool, default: True

    
Whether the resulting density values should be scaled by the scaling
frequency, which gives density in units of Hz^-1. This allows for integration
over the returned frequency values. The default is True for MATLAB
compatibility.

mode{'default', 'psd', 'magnitude', 'angle', 'phase'}

    
What sort of spectrum to use. Default is 'psd', which takes the power spectral
density. 'magnitude' returns the magnitude spectrum. 'angle' returns the phase
spectrum without unwrapping. 'phase' returns the phase spectrum with
unwrapping.

noverlapint, default: 128

    
The number of points of overlap between blocks.

scale{'default', 'linear', 'dB'}

    
The scaling of the values in the spec. 'linear' is no scaling. 'dB' returns
the values in dB scale. When mode is 'psd', this is dB power (10 * log10).
Otherwise this is dB amplitude (20 * log10). 'default' is 'dB' if mode is
'psd' or 'magnitude' and 'linear' otherwise. This must be 'linear' if mode is
'angle' or 'phase'.

Fcint, default: 0

    
The center frequency of x, which offsets the x extents of the plot to reflect
the frequency range used when a signal is acquired and then filtered and
downsampled to baseband.

cmap`Colormap`, default: `rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default: `'viridis'`)

xextentNone or (xmin, xmax)

    
The image extent along the x-axis. The default sets xmin to the left border of
the first bin (spectrum column) and xmax to the right border of the last bin.
Note that for noverlap>0 the width of the bins is smaller than those of the
segments.

dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, the following parameters also accept a string `s`, which is
interpreted as `data[s]` (unless this raises an exception):

x

**kwargs

    
Additional keyword arguments are passed on to `imshow` which makes the
specgram image. The origin keyword argument is not supported.

Returns

    
spectrum2D array

    
Columns are the periodograms of successive segments.

freqs1-D array

    
The frequencies corresponding to the rows in spectrum.

t1-D array

    
The times corresponding to midpoints of segments (i.e., the columns in
spectrum).

im`AxesImage`

    
The image created by imshow containing the spectrogram.

See also

`psd`

    
Differs in the default overlap; in returning the mean of the segment
periodograms; in not returning times; and in generating a line plot instead of
colormap.

`magnitude_spectrum`

    
A single spectrum, similar to having a single segment when mode is
'magnitude'. Plots a line instead of a colormap.

`angle_spectrum`

    
A single spectrum, similar to having a single segment when mode is 'angle'.
Plots a line instead of a colormap.

`phase_spectrum`

    
A single spectrum, similar to having a single segment when mode is 'phase'.
Plots a line instead of a colormap.

#### Notes

The parameters detrend and scale_by_freq do only apply when mode is set to
'psd'.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.specgram`

![Spectrogram
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Spectrogram Demo

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.specgram.html

