# matplotlib.axes.Axes.contourf

Axes.contourf(*args, data=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
Plot filled contours.

Call signature:

    
    contourf([X, Y,] Z, [levels], **kwargs)
    
`contour` and `contourf` draw contour lines and filled contours, respectively.
Except as noted, function signatures and return values are the same for both
versions.

Parameters

    
X, Yarray-like, optional

    
The coordinates of the values in Z.

X and Y must both be 2D with the same shape as Z (e.g. created via
`numpy.meshgrid`), or they must both be 1-D such that `len(X) == N` is the
number of columns in Z and `len(Y) == M` is the number of rows in Z.

X and Y must both be ordered monotonically.

If not given, they are assumed to be integer indices, i.e. `X = range(N)`, `Y
= range(M)`.

Z(M, N) array-like

    
The height values over which the contour is drawn.

levelsint or array-like, optional

    
Determines the number and positions of the contour lines / regions.

If an int n, use `MaxNLocator`, which tries to automatically choose no more
than n+1 "nice" contour levels between vmin and vmax.

If array-like, draw contour lines at the specified levels. The values must be
in increasing order.

Returns

    
`QuadContourSet`

Other Parameters

    
corner_maskbool, default: `rcParams["contour.corner_mask"]` (default: `True`)

    
Enable/disable corner masking, which only has an effect if Z is a masked
array. If `False`, any quad touching a masked point is masked out. If `True`,
only the triangular corners of quads nearest those points are always masked
out, other triangular corners comprising three unmasked points are contoured
as usual.

colorscolor string or sequence of colors, optional

    
The colors of the levels, i.e. the lines for `contour` and the areas for
`contourf`.

The sequence is cycled for the levels in ascending order. If the sequence is
shorter than the number of levels, it's repeated.

As a shortcut, single color strings may be used in place of one-element lists,
i.e. `'red'` instead of `['red']` to color all levels with the same color.
This shortcut does only work for color strings, not for other ways of
specifying colors.

By default (value None), the colormap specified by cmap will be used.

alphafloat, default: 1

    
The alpha blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).

cmapstr or `Colormap`, default: `rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default:
`'viridis'`)

    
A `Colormap` instance or registered colormap name. The colormap maps the level
values to colors.

If both colors and cmap are given, an error is raised.

norm`Normalize`, optional

    
If a colormap is used, the `Normalize` instance scales the level values to the
canonical colormap range [0, 1] for mapping to colors. If not given, the
default linear scaling is used.

vmin, vmaxfloat, optional

    
If not None, either or both of these values will be supplied to the
`Normalize` instance, overriding the default color scaling based on levels.

origin{None, 'upper', 'lower', 'image'}, default: None

    
Determines the orientation and exact position of Z by specifying the position
of `Z[0, 0]`. This is only relevant, if X, Y are not given.

  * None: `Z[0, 0]` is at X=0, Y=0 in the lower left corner.
  * 'lower': `Z[0, 0]` is at X=0.5, Y=0.5 in the lower left corner.
  * 'upper': `Z[0, 0]` is at X=N+0.5, Y=0.5 in the upper left corner.
  * 'image': Use the value from `rcParams["image.origin"]` (default: `'upper'`).

extent(x0, x1, y0, y1), optional

    
If origin is not None, then extent is interpreted as in `imshow`: it gives the
outer pixel boundaries. In this case, the position of Z[0, 0] is the center of
the pixel, not a corner. If origin is None, then (x0, y0) is the position of
Z[0, 0], and (x1, y1) is the position of Z[-1, -1].

This argument is ignored if X and Y are specified in the call to contour.

locatorticker.Locator subclass, optional

    
The locator is used to determine the contour levels if they are not given
explicitly via levels. Defaults to `MaxNLocator`.

extend{'neither', 'both', 'min', 'max'}, default: 'neither'

    
Determines the `contourf`-coloring of values that are outside the levels
range.

If 'neither', values outside the levels range are not colored. If 'min', 'max'
or 'both', color the values below, above or below and above the levels range.

Values below `min(levels)` and above `max(levels)` are mapped to the
under/over values of the `Colormap`. Note that most colormaps do not have
dedicated colors for these by default, so that the over and under values are
the edge values of the colormap. You may want to set these values explicitly
using `Colormap.set_under` and `Colormap.set_over`.

Note

An existing `QuadContourSet` does not get notified if properties of its
colormap are changed. Therefore, an explicit call `QuadContourSet.changed()`
is needed after modifying the colormap. The explicit call can be left out, if
a colorbar is assigned to the `QuadContourSet` because it internally calls
`QuadContourSet.changed()`.

Example:

    
    x = np.arange(1, 10)
    y = x.reshape(-1, 1)
    h = x * y
    
    cs = plt.contourf(h, levels=[10, 30, 50],
        colors=['#808080', '#A0A0A0', '#C0C0C0'], extend='both')
    cs.cmap.set_over('red')
    cs.cmap.set_under('blue')
    cs.changed()
    
xunits, yunitsregistered units, optional

    
Override axis units by specifying an instance of a
`matplotlib.units.ConversionInterface`.

antialiasedbool, optional

    
Enable antialiasing, overriding the defaults. For filled contours, the default
is True. For line contours, it is taken from `rcParams["lines.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`).

nchunkint >= 0, optional

    
If 0, no subdivision of the domain. Specify a positive integer to divide the
domain into subdomains of nchunk by nchunk quads. Chunking reduces the maximum
length of polygons generated by the contouring algorithm which reduces the
rendering workload passed on to the backend and also requires slightly less
RAM. It can however introduce rendering artifacts at chunk boundaries
depending on the backend, the antialiased flag and value of alpha.

linewidthsfloat or array-like, default: `rcParams["contour.linewidth"]`
(default: `None`)

    
Only applies to `contour`.

The line width of the contour lines.

If a number, all levels will be plotted with this linewidth.

If a sequence, the levels in ascending order will be plotted with the
linewidths in the order specified.

If None, this falls back to `rcParams["lines.linewidth"]` (default: `1.5`).

linestyles{None, 'solid', 'dashed', 'dashdot', 'dotted'}, optional

    
Only applies to `contour`.

If linestyles is None, the default is 'solid' unless the lines are monochrome.
In that case, negative contours will take their linestyle from
`rcParams["contour.negative_linestyle"]` (default: `'dashed'`) setting.

linestyles can also be an iterable of the above strings specifying a set of
linestyles to be used. If this iterable is shorter than the number of contour
levels it will be repeated as necessary.

hatcheslist[str], optional

    
Only applies to `contourf`.

A list of cross hatch patterns to use on the filled areas. If None, no
hatching will be added to the contour. Hatching is supported in the
PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, all parameters also accept a string `s`, which is interpreted as
`data[s]` (unless this raises an exception).

#### Notes

  1. `contourf` differs from the MATLAB version in that it does not draw the polygon edges. To draw edges, add line contours with calls to `contour`.
  2. `contourf` fills intervals that are closed at the top; that is, for boundaries z1 and z2, the filled region is:
        z1 < Z <= z2
    
except for the lowest interval, which is closed on both sides (i.e. it
includes the lowest value).

  3. `contour` and `contourf` use a marching squares algorithm to compute contour locations. More information can be found in the source `src/_contour.h`.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.contourf`

![Contour Corner
Mask](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour Corner Mask

![Contourf
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Demo

![Contourf
Hatching](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf Hatching

![Contourf and log color
scale](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contourf and log color scale

![Contour plot of irregularly spaced
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

Contour plot of irregularly spaced data

![pcolormesh](data:image/png;base64,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)

pcolormesh

![Frontpage contour
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frontpage contour example

![3D box surface
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D box surface plot

![Filled
contours](data:image/png;base64,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)

Filled contours

![Projecting filled contour onto a
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Projecting filled contour onto a graph

![contourf\(X, Y,
Z\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

contourf(X, Y, Z)

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.contourf.html

