# matplotlib.pyplot.pie

matplotlib.pyplot.pie(x, explode=None, labels=None, colors=None, autopct=None,
pctdistance=0.6, shadow=False, labeldistance=1.1, startangle=0, radius=1,
counterclock=True, wedgeprops=None, textprops=None, center=(0, 0),
frame=False, rotatelabels=False, *, normalize=True, data=None)[source]

    
Plot a pie chart.

Make a pie chart of array x. The fractional area of each wedge is given by
`x/sum(x)`. If `sum(x) < 1`, then the values of x give the fractional area
directly and the array will not be normalized. The resulting pie will have an
empty wedge of size `1 - sum(x)`.

The wedges are plotted counterclockwise, by default starting from the x-axis.

Parameters

    
x1D array-like

    
The wedge sizes.

explodearray-like, default: None

    
If not None, is a `len(x)` array which specifies the fraction of the radius
with which to offset each wedge.

labelslist, default: None

    
A sequence of strings providing the labels for each wedge

colorsarray-like, default: None

    
A sequence of colors through which the pie chart will cycle. If None, will use
the colors in the currently active cycle.

autopctNone or str or callable, default: None

    
If not None, is a string or function used to label the wedges with their
numeric value. The label will be placed inside the wedge. If it is a format
string, the label will be `fmt % pct`. If it is a function, it will be called.

pctdistancefloat, default: 0.6

    
The ratio between the center of each pie slice and the start of the text
generated by autopct. Ignored if autopct is None.

shadowbool, default: False

    
Draw a shadow beneath the pie.

normalizebool, default: True

    
When True, always make a full pie by normalizing x so that `sum(x) == 1`.
False makes a partial pie if `sum(x) <= 1` and raises a `ValueError` for
`sum(x) > 1`.

labeldistancefloat or None, default: 1.1

    
The radial distance at which the pie labels are drawn. If set to `None`, label
are not drawn, but are stored for use in `legend()`

startanglefloat, default: 0 degrees

    
The angle by which the start of the pie is rotated, counterclockwise from the
x-axis.

radiusfloat, default: 1

    
The radius of the pie.

counterclockbool, default: True

    
Specify fractions direction, clockwise or counterclockwise.

wedgepropsdict, default: None

    
Dict of arguments passed to the wedge objects making the pie. For example, you
can pass in `wedgeprops = {'linewidth': 3}` to set the width of the wedge
border lines equal to 3. For more details, look at the doc/arguments of the
wedge object. By default `clip_on=False`.

textpropsdict, default: None

    
Dict of arguments to pass to the text objects.

center(float, float), default: (0, 0)

    
The coordinates of the center of the chart.

framebool, default: False

    
Plot Axes frame with the chart if true.

rotatelabelsbool, default: False

    
Rotate each label to the angle of the corresponding slice if true.

dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, the following parameters also accept a string `s`, which is
interpreted as `data[s]` (unless this raises an exception):

x, explode, labels, colors

Returns

    
patcheslist

    
A sequence of `matplotlib.patches.Wedge` instances

textslist

    
A list of the label `Text` instances.

autotextslist

    
A list of `Text` instances for the numeric labels. This will only be returned
if the parameter autopct is not None.

#### Notes

The pie chart will probably look best if the figure and Axes are square, or
the Axes aspect is equal. This method sets the aspect ratio of the axis to
"equal". The Axes aspect ratio can be controlled with `Axes.set_aspect`.

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.pie.html

