# matplotlib.axes.Axes.scatter

Axes.scatter(x, y, s=None, c=None, marker=None, cmap=None, norm=None,
vmin=None, vmax=None, alpha=None, linewidths=None, *, edgecolors=None,
plotnonfinite=False, data=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
A scatter plot of y vs. x with varying marker size and/or color.

Parameters

    
x, yfloat or array-like, shape (n, )

    
The data positions.

sfloat or array-like, shape (n, ), optional

    
The marker size in points**2. Default is `rcParams['lines.markersize'] ** 2`.

carray-like or list of colors or color, optional

    
The marker colors. Possible values:

  * A scalar or sequence of n numbers to be mapped to colors using cmap and norm.
  * A 2D array in which the rows are RGB or RGBA.
  * A sequence of colors of length n.
  * A single color format string.

Note that c should not be a single numeric RGB or RGBA sequence because that
is indistinguishable from an array of values to be colormapped. If you want to
specify the same RGB or RGBA value for all points, use a 2D array with a
single row. Otherwise, value- matching will have precedence in case of a size
matching with x and y.

If you wish to specify a single color for all points prefer the color keyword
argument.

Defaults to `None`. In that case the marker color is determined by the value
of color, facecolor or facecolors. In case those are not specified or `None`,
the marker color is determined by the next color of the `Axes`' current "shape
and fill" color cycle. This cycle defaults to `rcParams["axes.prop_cycle"]`
(default: `cycler('color', ['#1f77b4', '#ff7f0e', '#2ca02c', '#d62728',
'#9467bd', '#8c564b', '#e377c2', '#7f7f7f', '#bcbd22', '#17becf'])`).

marker`MarkerStyle`, default: `rcParams["scatter.marker"]` (default: `'o'`)

    
The marker style. marker can be either an instance of the class or the text
shorthand for a particular marker. See `matplotlib.markers` for more
information about marker styles.

cmapstr or `Colormap`, default: `rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default:
`'viridis'`)

    
A `Colormap` instance or registered colormap name. cmap is only used if c is
an array of floats.

norm`Normalize`, default: None

    
If c is an array of floats, norm is used to scale the color data, c, in the
range 0 to 1, in order to map into the colormap cmap. If None, use the default
`colors.Normalize`.

vmin, vmaxfloat, default: None

    
vmin and vmax are used in conjunction with the default norm to map the color
array c to the colormap cmap. If None, the respective min and max of the color
array is used. It is an error to use vmin/vmax when norm is given.

alphafloat, default: None

    
The alpha blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).

linewidthsfloat or array-like, default: `rcParams["lines.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.5`)

    
The linewidth of the marker edges. Note: The default edgecolors is 'face'. You
may want to change this as well.

edgecolors{'face', 'none', None} or color or sequence of color, default:
`rcParams["scatter.edgecolors"]` (default: `'face'`)

    
The edge color of the marker. Possible values:

  * 'face': The edge color will always be the same as the face color.
  * 'none': No patch boundary will be drawn.
  * A color or sequence of colors.

For non-filled markers, edgecolors is ignored. Instead, the color is
determined like with 'face', i.e. from c, colors, or facecolors.

plotnonfinitebool, default: False

    
Whether to plot points with nonfinite c (i.e. `inf`, `-inf` or `nan`). If
`True` the points are drawn with the bad colormap color (see
`Colormap.set_bad`).

Returns

    
`PathCollection`

Other Parameters

    
dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, the following parameters also accept a string `s`, which is
interpreted as `data[s]` (unless this raises an exception):

x, y, s, linewidths, edgecolors, c, facecolor, facecolors, color

**kwargs`Collection` properties

See also

`plot`

    
To plot scatter plots when markers are identical in size and color.

#### Notes

  * The `plot` function will be faster for scatterplots where markers don't vary in size or color.
  * Any or all of x, y, s, and c may be masked arrays, in which case all masks will be combined and only unmasked points will be plotted.
  * Fundamentally, scatter works with 1D arrays; x, y, s, and c may be input as N-D arrays, but within scatter they will be flattened. The exception is c, which will be flattened only if its size matches the size of x and y.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.scatter`

![Scatter Custom
Symbol](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Custom Symbol

![Scatter
Demo2](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEzY2Njo6Ojn5+eAgIDZ2dn6+/v////8/Pz///3X19fq6urg4ODx8fHs7Ozm5uaTk5PExMTb3Nv09PTd3d2np6eSwsb+/v75+fr7/PyVucak4LZ6enqfnsGTkrnk74+in8KfpsX3+fmurq6Xga/j5OSRjLakjbbT0tJmZmZ0dHSlqbxwcXCjlLydur6/v79kdKHU1dWMv8Oeo8Pv7vSPm7yHrr3Hx8e6u7uPkI9jraHNzc3Q0M+Yn8CFuL9gjKd+tbt+fn63t7eamL3KystqmpuhgKp2d3c4iZGX27CqqqqMjIubnJuysrJofaTf39+8tM7t7e6en59UeJJ8na7v7u+XmZfLyt7z9Pj3+PaEhYQ/mJiIiIhsbGyUvcdPmp6ioqI7mYg0YohEiZg6bIxKb5JYb5tkkJy7vtUvf4yP0cBfX1+dobdBfJNvhqWhm8AycopYpKF6mJru9/VjfZmNtsKZk7no6PBBT4ZcjnjV6OhQUFBVgpyLlbjg7YGiibFuk6y73dva1uXn4u1SjqCBwL6ml62PycV5n49IdYd8jqyvscy46KvJ4uNQRXgrjoz88o+exctuo6qnorilpaW01NhssqtBiYnp7vKy0q2QpLOBy7lBX410qrVOjI9akJa86MmTbZ1jU4fh4+x1baD8/v7EwdhWSoFKbIZifoeSuLdxjJJIoofe7O34++XLz52VdaODrKmCkbVLqp5jkomuy9PP1eKnpcaJhqxQfoJPX45Yr5av5KKj0LGMz7NlWpVcm6hinnaFxqxWVlaZqMNaWlrR8NVJOHOqvs+ynsBOmInd3Ol5vaRWU2ipq8n4+Mp/fKr68IBer4a3yMRGX4NzrZuzscCk28mQu6TBzdtcS3dERESdscdwYJg8PDyIq5BLS0vn9u78/vbF3NR0fIz39bHI4I9oZ4ZyjoDKy4TXytyQmYPn8p+3waU1NTV+vGrl3urd9eKg0qGcupCuzpGkvbEpKSmW1o0KCgrf5lCvr4fW0qyD0IDn6mSW2V3c5V5w4lFiAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAH2ZJREFUeNrsm29oE3kax83fZ8xkMkkmNeOahpow3UwMHWNbM9mkck2joZOUNAHTJjRn4Ny1MPVEve2CocgpPeHsvXAvFbuwrCL1heLSfaHui+qB3QpyUoTjvBWh6PadcMuucMe9vEn/qhs7NU3dNv6+L9rJ9Jlvf/nk+c3zzPwmmzYtCpBWqk0lhbgggAggAogAIm1IgBQmF5GmV2i14sCND5BOUgA1jLSl9eBywT3csn9WKhYDQ+8NQCsbAjyfsOgAE5UqLUZiSlIH8biUkEFDMUAVxIHCNSQAqbHxAJhKbwZwBElpr46iggxgLn0xgoEk6y0mscZLqwsuCiiXGTAlo7NKWzg+e0g1TuGQB5ytzknRb2VVrIoQHfmsmM08DRqyNlEiRftbRYabtuUZb942LWUg8aNnQkhHbGKAn7aZRI+fUttYU3i6NW9WT6dosPrFiCaT97B0qJV1pp+4Jwo065mwzR5SjQCJPMFyk0w6T84BTOc1mqcQi+VEno1Kf4/zbMEkglHICCBKGUhMUxaRz4cithALfj9A+Ekow/pESBU4tRTP5B0AthiwZoozikQeV3i4LAgR6RC3uyqLSKtfepsEiGYJoIGaTIsqCws1xmhWEDQAlskkG+NaIZe0mSAiAUzkISEW8oLg7ciA2gnAPxWEAGeDmhjfKtkpJqUf6g7I6tw9qUmDmI67nWow2YQJQQhWJcDA/6LgjuZEh2iIpGLT9ARpFiEXDYgm3gIQnPDlU1xESkkny/9YzMD/FqI2/STHmZ2twE3wHDPBm1ycB3Ip36QLg7QY48hWAViXGPI/NUykzaw+H2IjcekQRVUCpKNx2O/vYUBIM5lCjVYgEk4ImoDLGKWzPiZECwELD4EwlvTnJKL786nofghkohaFdEYMqQXQ9US9+hAEfdqUdA4EMhpVcl5w4q5MjZMSaMktHM20Fg8xo0YawJC3vu0hWEiY5NGVyLwcHPbWx5hi3LrsA63YryEo4xCASg6gUgBdrLqUbDa1rCLyIevWJpKrFEBTrmQKMqTsZ6h1aWVjKmRDVsiGWdzU+SsGsKbkbpVSfu7r5AtBhWyUFbJRLW6ajQhgNQPcSiOAqxjy1seNLb3dVQowbCtgUpufcYFTuixdG4C9Ay0t9u10VQJMZ822ABD6oNvsjmcTgDm4QskqTKrk656udN1ram5sbNw+cGql5VNXmSq8AhvVko2mTIBKN+Sc0u9CgUtBqwbMGdZvUfxSmnBAo5CRzqQrtVsT6NshqY/TFLfLtnnVskI24QUbc6jMNobIYn5ea3X6paty8DBrMoW7W1qkFBy4XJ3nwKRbrUvqpqMd6UzEaF0TgNabA80tA72jVVqFVTRG0UoGBy25Zm3M5d6zNzHUxpQ/ZCtqpNGVCAKIACKACCACiAAigAggAogAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAjgrwPQWj0A9SkTAC3UWOnC3POK7wDg8w9PdjZVCUDazXs04AiJNDERml1V8pUGqMTlk3cFT3sX33nnpbF9l/ZRq7WpwGhw5aoB4h5IdgBg7nTamPFjYOlh/RZNCQUCGjkpTArZmEDA7PpTUSd586psKjSahS0zX+bCesIDqVARoFZ6kSVBS4QKGF1CDEnLyisfwpDa52MnJe37cFU2TEVGQy7aaHVlZiDWE3UHC1bhiTORTNnod3EO/Glsn6Sx+1VSRNI+pSNuDfsCdMCXfidFBLt/SQJ46SfUxpRbhZvuj43te476wFX0gYnTNGqk0ZUIAogAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAggAogAIoAIIAKIACKA7xtAitcDYOGwFZS8AQF8+1W5jNFDAhWbpCl3KlJcVQoLpf9XhRbWK2ODV8hm6XOwlAkw4YHY7LowHcxAqw6YZMRI6kso6NLLKe6Ly8ZUyMZVIZvgwhbDlbmwPv9kgtZd/Ma62guEN5ekiBKyxAlZBeVDLJb1ZKNftKECZWag1uZ0h3kw5cMJT4eHgHfxbExl516FbMouIspckPBZnTEnaJIWVERQG4MAIoAIIAKIACKACCACiAAigAjgewcQEMBVAdTQp7ouI4BlA4RwXb29vlO7LEC8+8IoAvjKDbHF58WxR/a6utr6rmVvIJ1ts99qQgAXtfVKbW3vPMKmHbWS2m4t587Ya2vtZ60I4IKu1NfW1nfODfXCPMDlBu7ta2xsaXNscIAmrlIA6SKyWvvcnNQ+aqurq6u/styQ9f21D3c+7N64AL2s2x15kqsUwO62lwCCr81ur59aNr3wHQ//tvPbro0L0Mfq4/GUsDKATacxuSncKdWN/qmFQXR39Z7aKtPG9D5ssfduXIDp4roHRSztwCzFbz5TFquVUShfBdhlt091ywDsPmv/8+/3DD+b9fbd+/mHNwyVdiy0MfSUvbGpeoqINWWLEJCI2GKJyZhvtplbANhkr61b6knetCo3uuXLXWcGB08A3BsfGR8fv+fo/mUO0r1t/Z3d8zajF+hR7XK94HpfWKde/qIfkQUjD7wRPBa2Jwhg4PypBD4rRf+OHX2d+LwUGryUDDN7tjRsadjVgJtfjPx7ZGTkRV/bFGN4Laqzvu+I/dGcjWE/OXP79sgMbsBLSxlQ4nLSaGRDVmSjWHwfvpUDzHlfTmI35DrAmQO3krCwBCg7MimcnJXqkb2/z6Kcf+HVqchSOne1oUEieHVGgicB/M+xY319ffFXYlWW/r9K6lfgSlyhYG6/uF3Ui3+UNiTJMCknlU6nkg1aiY13wUZpWilAnM8a+aXMdXiCNpMuaAt6iLiCLZ4bl56NcXT1nga5KXxm15miBmfGh4ZGhoa+v3bti0b731+NabIfkVT/ePjG8GPmYvu2ObXf25BTWJ8U1XMr6HNyqTuUTqtTraP8PcFl2pg3nbaHB+cA3nsZ4Ot3FG7Vtx35dudv9uzZc/WbB9sW1H58YxaRWLCS18LPBosEB4fTcwDHj10bsE+9VkZ+vnPoD598svu3khr+efT8IsCLGxMgQ1T0ZsJ1qQYPDmvh4ngR4NCL76euzLcsm3/YfOHmZ2B9dqf97u8OH9gzB/Cjo0s5aEXXwsX7CddPFOfi10PjxQwc/3ph/4mrD64ONDc/hn+1bzt6+ODh8/MAPzp6ZwFg6aZbA+sYoNnF+/SOtbgfOJq+KPWBF08Mn/vg3PB1gON7Dx36eO933zVfaL9798DBgwcPfP7lPMBiCraff9C+bbYbPP7Hv7wMkj716GxX97oFSBGcUe0JrsUN1c2bvenjN3bv/vSDT3fvvuGY+erzvR9/9cX25s/+T875xzR553E83m086MiyE9KimKbFrroAvQ4omz0L3WFjMVrQp5Nyza22T3+a/qYW65WkYlVazjbgaAlC6wpIC7gEqUhLxJZ4wopnCAF1TM/9cdlITIa5zNv9YZb7fgui5tTLgZ3k/KQJCQ+h3774/Hp/Ps/DQZ8cU0t0mA2L5kOADAYACDkmcmA2jsVqfqpia8knKGTTg9Ubwns//+M7VUmZSK99O7OxaOOCFTWe8rHZqK+VeTXlIgAo5Cg5HIwTpfYDfvqynx71DeuHs64BCXiehcvHLQmTrq8oeafz8kym7NUJMH3PBz98+8/0ZO1ELj7mBwhevMxmX+9nNtQg/CKfUCDgAICYsJ8KAT6a6uvrmxq+Plp2tutZD3xAzoMA88gVlZWFqw7guk+++dN75VXffpqknchHT/gBguevnb3WVX30VnP1tdFhjlCo5GC2aBO1WIhxAD6RKC6Xy0dBN/1MDqxcBNjZSaAQKlcbwLf+tQm8cfIAjhdtPPQEYPPE+PjXJ88cP3OmLGtUCDIgJowKi6jtNptL5HKJPGo22xx7lPXsWGER4OSVSSJRS+lYZQD37vrL3z74+NdJA/ixtaTEupQFrfSrV3k21snjA4ysMp9URrNFo+1Uqs2HiUQiV58IlZvN5vmfHi/xFkDWUBIA714ZImqJpobVV0Te3vbND8nKgRtyLCXAFgmWlNy5c6fIZnEPDIiE141SLpcLtAi13+OJA4BTUx6pNBAIm+tbFnT32VtnE3WjggwAmq50QvX84v3U66zC+B3bqpIDsKMV8iuxLjigxQoA8tRqjkAgEGGRiIxL47UXA4DxWCwer/d6Qqg9bDb30iuB7629NVI2kuhqMitgG9NpImq1RELFG6FElmyQ9xRAnkUz2dkps1jULkFUb4t00mhtmM3G65+KxcyxcNDrDbFDIbO5vpWuSEWyR0YOlh1caF1qflt5rJKiJRJLKTVvFMAu6IHWRYCfWbv9fn/3mJ/LjXKwdiuX1mn0eKQyTc9UbH7ebI4Bcjyfj11f30q6UNQ8aJXL3be6lqQc/hyBQimtQ94sD0y5aX2SA2lj3f67fueY32FtarJZpFLgc/aA0QgA/jxvDs0FUY3VZisxGh10G9ZeYgU/MQh/ybG6wjXwkxfWTWQjbxhA5HfjVssiP57f6XR2d3c7x4zy4WElkMIBu6QtEDHKPbGfY2a5rK2tTedVq7lcFPV6MSlNJqMpECS1gkIx/WY1DxOSCRC/BmlpLgJiGLxUX/jHxrqd3U5n7z/mPUodMLtEGokMySWBmNlsPwwAStQ6NeCHqr1qKc1RW3sOQSYoWq3pZuYvBfBVPOr1KgHCI2efah6/eCq74gv/7CxwQP/39+d36lxKnVJpt9v//ofdRqk9AABOA4Koz24EAO0Wti/oYDKZQLqB4qHV5jzWcCn45ALMLi/vWnUACzta4LZ4ctaZAOiczZ0Lil3AOOFQcNP9/b12+7TZHJYcjtB4BpRrVHOUXoOB3cRr6AA5ryPhgQu9dWGF9tIgPnkACxVMlYo02LVCgHs3w/tK123+FFm/+Z0VhzC/gU6vpX9Nopf6x2ASdI6NBeaC00rggXGhgOO9v3tbOBwAbYzdjjJJVx00LofDERh88eOskayysymw+mp3wKa8sLCUUFr6ohttXgHADia9ICeHWavYsCKAqZ8cyE1DynP3vfWr3M93wrq3/MddN2yvvkEnMbkyKa2ANDQ75vwr4Ddtn5ubnhZLpBicyIT27zcEQfsMAHJJVwFBo13J8Rm8DJx7uCyxJOHXZII2pvBS6RAF9NJaE3+5AP/LVo7PZJJIOTkkUm3ligC+m4vs3oPs2Y3s3PwesikDSS/fta8q/TlWnpb+Eqt699xg+sWeIjqJ5EAtMhkdEpwFPmiPm4NzwUjEaPEKBUKh13BgyBiKx72oVENSqVp5vb2hUL3BG2Ux9DOjl7PSMzNTq7ampysIxM4hCJAw8dz3S3vpaRZs60uvVtJJBRBgQQFzL/wA21cA8PdPAUzbn7vt/Yzn2PbtGS+xD1UqVU7PQ54qJ8ehcWg04KuKd6+ezW5qum0AxmaDF5stl/N4Gk2vnM3WOBz798HvgYu1Dgevid0P7CG1h0rtebgjrUKVM5TYxqvWZfzvp0nY+o/Wv+xyzpKpdpRnZKQt95F/GMI79qTlHlgK4WX904mOWhKT8FkPD3igVSqRcukEQu3oaJ8I6GAhB6phVzzkiYNexmsRi8U6sU4iM9b3wil1GDXKZLxD7ZiQwRC6i/OBUYuP8m+UXqKYtKWUF6jhlS/WSSCCEyFMqk0InozlF5E16duRD2ER2bX8IsJnEjo7KTdBXJCYF6wORUvlIP/WCAPOoZUuFwQ4NeMJtInFqEUnER8GRjPUo2qOxxM0amTSQxvbsaYmPcbCQaPiWEfxfKTjkqn0XEqyikgDAFgAQ5hE71gNbUyLaTJPe6KiASQ/UqKjQ5Dqg2fcAkzJAS0M4Dg1FQgA50NRnS4BUGboRcNhTzgYNNIs7Qw9Fi0qieIWAeJY5yECfmby+kD4twYuCHNg9qroAxtMWu1pIl9BdxhUcIjS0aBoabRhmFqtBKaTxJ8ABPich6+09kamp8Me4IOtPEwgHL3e3pSPwwERAwHmNyZbiWQXvJoq/KoA4s+BFvhEBbL2/R9//PNaBKnRyGQOekmJRS0Ri6GSm7kXkEggQLFkGhC8MnnBIp4OQP8U9UeFer277GQ+Ll9Do9F4ACCuuDrJAPE1TDoz0QemvkaAqQ/qji0ek0+kUE6D0P3yu+8AwJRDUhRtM8qBA4KcB/toBkMsgR4om5YoQQxPXkAlkoBOKRKBSmNr1w8IRxrzcVYal8ultUKA5/ETCsUEPolSjq8oUKlu1L1OKVeXRyaT8xZ34CkTdVvhVPDLa1UIcoohkUhRuUVtaW9ScgQDor6BPrsEuKAxqHO5dGIxjSZF1XYPwCcScTC9XijANeYfgvwWAR5poBAIlIbsZGrhlLQ0/C+mhZ/TxtSRyVu2bCGTl+4iSAzyutaCCD7qFqgtt7NmUOv4EbcbEwwMD4imQmgwQrvXJ3IpJW0RmcxSZIhBBxRxBHpg7scAuRBg/g0CET4zofi/mcasGW88+qysSs2D/ADBr/D/ceTqM8OM25cvG76/SzaxWBab2+3um5qZuSfV8PQDA0JpWyRSS888woP7pWEGSIFRPauxGPdv9s4FpqksjeMB2p5bHlIe9latLZSHgOXR0vKmlpbH8HKLyxTa4bXZAEZnamYQmXSV54AMThNgwWVURBA0o+EhI8hqMkxcdqLRDMuSXTXRGBVkfCXOOslkNZPdc25FCxSqtTWI90soTc/h3+/++M77nnM1s0VYWLqL2IGyQ55tTYBvcT6wNexEaVhpm+FHj/X8IMGM+S7fWnf5cHHCzq6ZqYqKgRlJe/73+c1Xvv71147fazK/gAQLYTOi2ZfdJG3ff+6f66r2R30aVVurYwqbCwsLizSwEZEM7fLQ7+EpWxkA26RBQXl5kqG5JXgW4ON5Lves+66443DCzPGukQ0VG7o31+bnf/RpCbjz7QdfZGbuzvxs06HPPz+0WaSTMiWXk89/11srZO4VCnm9+89FdezuiIId6dYyznrDTVDvPMAqCQK4ttSwQNU8B1jhLZrnMi/5VHFCR/Hxri7vDRUVFd3Sj/7wQceBrbXf/vGTBs3Zbx5MFR46VDTGG5YK2y83F3fc0dbW1u7Vglvno85FRUWdOyVp7cHPoBD04PyIrwyA1xDAtUIIEGvT9uox4i/qwPku9xxJKC5u3tN1Y3QAAfQW/OdyR0JC/em/fFK4c+eXPz1Qh2wOKRqMFTeUVp3vSCgeAyW6piEeOJKcfBkhPKFFi5toOpAjL1shayK9+iLcBLRMiUQibC3RV4L6VrhsgcuqE8WZY+JRAiCM0A+/ugr53Tz5Zccmzc7dPz1QNsDGIiTWM/ZHMFxcued6DxgWiy8A4v795OTkr1X6CWMPj2OilbKohKNGRFLa1ioVoj6GREg0JzUXYT/wYpkRl4+Kx66PdXd1TY0QEXrranEmBPjXwxDgpo/RjtdYTpHYMzSW1Va5OxMO5q+JxdfBD883QEw+n0HA8RW0KtcjCMprLdHpp0tgK8nU93BFNSLjLkMisYPHZ6amvBO9a2A+8diB+tOnKzftbIiF4/fQUM/YkEFP8T6gq5Uy0ajgwvWjoCSZIJg8uSKXNdEMHE1IxB8iKNXpvXyZ4TYdtwF90w8fTvfRUR229cK1qydnZgYuQn7ZWfLNDZrmzE2DDRtDCX6hnoOD4n0i0dbmdt0LiZ+TkR0R4CsRIBrKaSXMWRM2zXWvb7qxcTzmYTlh3L5ZIFcnUR9RtJ7TPdpVFJZXWrrxYxSA4sE9oYNhEl0WHK0NZr1UKfnhyJGfe2wsAhDYLDuAuE6ijz/4IxTOmersm5hobJy4V84lrLxcT5Cu0s+pbOX43ugePavJy/vXk5MNoZ57QkJCNJVCZvvIjrm3UeI9PZbZJ4I/vk+MzJdZBOqICMwjIpA5B+A05Nf4GwJ495dfIEGuft8wXX81oev/AQEeD8mTnGZMne2O1cA2uKidydT4En09hRllb2mANRWdnZ1195cdwF59GyJcWIQhvsaJ/0KAd+vr659AguNzJlvlnNEbN45rJJnfKBlTId0oADObpFKNHAGU77M0QNEAegJvXWf12wDo7opefewBzS/a1JoIjSi8BEKpDsyPwN8QwCf1N2/W3+WWPzRMvcSJHbkxumNYd2FE+Vnl4MhYZWbYBVqv9hgHAZx/0MybA1Sg5+8m1g1swKwP0CUgIBgAez7by/1Pq00eg6wluoGoG9NkuLmITu/TA+TOAuRy6YZInikZSnS/wfBgc3N+vpimHbqGRjPZ69EpMh4sCwPEE4lHQNcldn5oVYA4jUbDKDa/YwPACHYLcN2eQwUA4wW34JgRc7ZDr1VSWA3mCaXMknnJ47AE/6+fO1uEueUqg0QYn9yJxj4ME1UmZH7/xVqcTqcTXyJSyOWKasWlOVI0expmypydl0hkJSY+B1hjQsbupQz19QHas9nsAraPbRIAqfE0vkoVzYf/CLV/pLvNQqPGR1OJX5NBQUGTkwLq/HRBTH//o3748wi99vcbpPn1p6Q8etb/DOaaPHDg1KnJF39MdfXzo/65rs7PUMrexd7GhKGnyy+Rml6HLKWuTmBKJn5WxlUWaU4EsrAtaQVpdvaynHT1Kqos6VWm9HklJcY2WdLp4+X93FkrnyamzPV3Po0/jWREchsbYanmwaZj79xpeuyidyDPsnXgY30d2HnsLTQiqjQli+qCrWZk+DCUtq+0JrLY5WFcA4CwI3jryrZtVRANPv5AqYy8RwAEdne089fKRVllFm5EsPudnQOdif/Glls3xoT19ZfP8htHs/oHt207eAVG6+2nqTACJ4iejZ3pezIs0A/EMxQXFfHLryNt4sLpMXAMQgxEICt6K+QHCWphQPQ9fXpvYpq+QGZNliKLZw2ARJVCxd8xgAC3uT3+kHv3Xj8ayPVsI+xgFUq4PT7et1AG2+e7y/cMyzoA39lDaKPRUjE6LeXKwRcAiYBYKHPUFy1cVpMADV2u8Q4MDKwIhGGl1QMsWVymGg5EPBYeePl+A1QggIHel2AZrjoITbuEjGiX3EO+cN3yfQZInwVIlMtbOi1vSZlqOUc+DEiAhi5XI4C7Kp4vf/bgS8vwarIBCXCOy5gCNiLei8/EkedIm3IZv6Q4VgZIgG905TgJ0GpXbkymTdtGAjQfIG9IKpUM0UiA5gJsRQst0ioSoJkA1wiFzDymkLmGBGgeQOJuhzwSoPlFeAgtNktaySJsJkC8hCmVSJklJMBX2ZnBMybD07XqeO9uN0aFzoHC0eHcmJN1AeKtYaVah5XWkbYJ4AsgHX4ccKLwvawKsBed7ebjsMIAquNjKDD4BGwgY7jlomi02hOutRBgqeNyfVC2GQCparW6he3jkATfu8eBAi/AtwXuOf6R7lQjFh1NNWU2LjZLJQuCgjZOvrmMhbyZJ+Ma8foL6ypnZ+eMSFlEqpstiAlguagdc3mA5iRrwVhGzMeZZdIES6ZivN427M1l9N74WETG+YUMzd7MIuxAiVsVI3Nib09hKQPCrdwK4+RsjFVmY0iAJEBrAsRwEuAbXDmetf7MURKg+Vd+1DdWHssjAZp95Vmc0FDDtXMS4Gu63MbhcM7QSIDmX3mNYms2WQeS3RgSIAmQBPjeACwwvtHG1uTul1faIWNnERk7y8jYvtxoYx9pKYB+/hRj5m/8Y0OL+1ucyTzLViapwFIAgdEAxFPScVP/Tx6bZSoL7mVahmVaBnh5WUIGTzeQARYDuEjJDjeZBUvDLSODmZYxfVw8/goy4QtlrAYQM+0OoL01Gdxq3lgN4PtiVgG4KlWpAsCZkg5oBWpH43kiKGhrVTglAqSlthiLD3d1AYayhQMXSvAiAZGitgEgI5LBi6FE+hjP44hksNVqNxBPkS3ir7saeoC15KhwZeoij5OHClRYE+RsYbkxIp2sDTA1Pa0FAKcCNYjICWcbLT2OfL9cJ+CUK+Db+W8xyjgpXB0Mswly3XMFuc5GvyeeHR3AApFeW1Z75cYvUkjZLjkRALPf7qDK9eO7Gi/fxFdh9v4ZtL+nOC9S+8Whr6I65kQUFKQwrAjQRyaTRQe4UePg+5hUwAgG/PmPtMJcYB4vJYgTAAEFMFxkSn7GQiFVLpClgfBUQEnJAanGm5LVKSAgAwTY2qtdtyQZj1JeLohQwt8BDj7s/7d3BqkNAlEYpmn0hRpjNAZdzCqDEAZBskpCsplQEDQhVFCwmBN4hFzDG/UYgdITdFm67JiuWsYuDKGFvrf+mcHPec4bmZkfsoVUk/uwSWrNwKFZKHfgqiiwFMAlN13PIFcEuKeU3hNDPLhTA0yoe/h+9kMNKN0tCmB9p8/gUWQyWUly5uBGFay7EAYEuNzcc7cFMYyJfV+I0cjlqXfIo7piC9OBD4X8PagHtxqLgoDVqclmUg3dOmIk5HEAj1OFXzmFnYD5d2aQhkfTY6H8ozLhPFaHeUy4nsRE5mA8JmyWjYTMLXhXfkG0xki1W82ZPzNj1lDvRKFoxolO8WTISYO/W0XCWQbRaZlmBZdbmHUYGe+my2Nir/wvXV1nFvY6MBpNLLsDD/sGSW71QAPVysFQ5DfH7lMYCJkKrtXklqTboOd1b7rSuAXk3Ixn272e1Wjvtteds0b1LPWnrjT7RodbA8uYv17GIEDk8i8AaqaKAC+J8H2NAC8I/XQkCPCC2Lysn/XPPdsIsE2UQzhtQLlDgO2i82rDsoTNLQJsF8mTWPG8GkxDgK2i9/JWluX7kLsIsB3A6dw0zfmC4yzc/q+PA6AECBCXcggQASJABIgAESACRIC/C/ADbU4GQ+3ftR8AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Scatter Demo2

![Scatter plot with
histograms](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot with histograms

![Scatter plot with pie chart
markers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot with pie chart markers

![Scatter plots with a
legend](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plots with a legend

![Advanced quiver and quiverkey
functions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Advanced quiver and quiverkey functions

![Axes box
aspect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes box aspect

![Axis Label
Position](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axis Label Position

![Plot a confidence ellipse of a two-dimensional
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot a confidence ellipse of a two-dimensional dataset

![Violin plot
customization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Violin plot customization

![Scatter plot on polar
axis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot on polar axis

![Legend
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEyAgID/fgyIiIj/fw3m5uaLi4v////WJyj9/f2Dg4Pz8/Ps7Oz/fQr/egTWJif/ewb/fAj+///WJSXVICHVIiSlpaXVHh/l5eX///7j4+P7/Pz/eAHx8fH+/v7//PrVJCjXIiL39/f//v319fX/hBj5+fnw8PD/lDXd3d3/+PH/+/f/kC7UGhv/gA//r2ibm5v/lzvU1NT/ghX/ghKXl5f/+fXg4OB0dHT/iiTMzMx6enr/iCDIyMj/9u7/jSncR0eoqKj/rGLv7+/W1taSkpL/wo19fX3/hhzbQEB3d3dJkcP/3sL/9Oq9vb3a2trXLC1xcXHQ0ND/6NT/zJ70xcRSlsX/4ce5ubn/5Mz/v4f/olD++frXKSr/nET/uXv/zqP/n0nFxcVsbGxfX1/hXV3/5tD/qFv/6tn/tXT/mUBubm776Oj/1K3/pVX/xZLaLiTxt7dcnMmsrKz/1rL/0aj/2bjjZ2aioqL20M//3L3/yJjBwcG0tLT6+/r99vawr7D88PDZMTHg7fXfVlbaOjr/sm//7dztn57zvr3ZNDWenp6Pj4/1+fzdTk6Kior/8ONZWVmMjIzohob/vYKFhYXfOSCGhoZnZ2fpjY3mfHz/8ub1ysrjbm7wsLHqlZXldndkZGTp8vj64uL41dTW5/Llc3LmRhpxqdD99PTvq6uTvdv6/P6szeTupqb/7t/smZmBs9aZwd3ngIGBgIL1aRLo6Oj53t1nosxSUlK71+rw9/v9eg7n5+d4rdJHR0dCjcDo9ehbtVvT69PvWRLQ4u+30eXe8N6NutrD2+s0ozLp6enq6urJ3u2hx+BHrUeLy4r42Nltvm7v+O6k2KbfPiviTTrpTxzL6Mu+4r4dmR3z+vOy3bLrbEr7dAoinCLzbyoSlRNBQUGa0ZrznYDwm2D1h0vVYly6g1Y2NjbF4tPG5cb4vY+HjKrBMTncgzL4uZ/SJyl6kp3t0NLHgTwlJSXU3MiQQVmpNkXviWift2nRuaCEobHr4NWogJNmkqw6TtqAAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmXtU09cdwOXHDy8JJOQnGDUhYYXwFAEDITFBKSYhNkJCIkoELY9EEeOj8hIx+Wkn1c5gNYyWTNa69MzTnWqrrQjSSkHtZqf49pw92rVTt3Pq6dadvf7ZH9vuTRADBERNxBx+X8jj9703ued+8n3e34wZwwIomazM8CoUFwogBZACSAGkhAJIAaQAUgApoQBSACmAFEBKKIAUQArghDJYZdFOMGzjjFIktgKRnJ3ses+jARFnugMU9bY5g8hxh43CUYoEPTDN1UnRW76Owxfypj3AJkDaLQqdUwO6gkx5HSaO2ChxdJNKJ13Q7ZD0KwDgKk0qgdDoqEoINinDg4EzRC2Ump2Lxf82VYk4WofJwpXQTVXTEyBfZANgZqtAq7ELetnS+wrRQe19cUaX1Sh05NFFnPsQYJV9rsoWHNwXxjZ3h4SYEEA9T7vbTtqFpFHhtAp7u+9qNI7paoEQYFeGxaG6O+gUD9qBRqVwgGTnwV6VzuBQAAd0YZsSGGRao0OvMgBw2QVQaIXGKTDNBTqpKRHYhSZBiIM/PQEqRQJhf7LRqkAAu+0I1d1utmq3hDcoUDcNIgu0mOR0JU/eZGSrE+V9JhgDJVKnZXG/wC6kQQvUiHs59jCOc5oCzOs1OzTAYFI55CpOuARUKbX9OpOY7HCaFRyTzi4GgAy263h1TkeVQGZqvSwDqsE2rcGkNpJN9qqZYr3JZE2QCPqCpilAkBCLnkm4/aF/qdGVlGO5SD00Bz3QdSwNTkF/rg+AWDROIx98lCqkXaJVUoU01YlMILy+kOkgfWH+Aih7c+Y0kLYuur8A0mOnhY8mdvgNIC+QOPCfSNAhRzAFEAC5mPMkIuZwKYAu8xPHckkkXK77dZRwAQ3+uSeMGLhsEYRTAGGJzaFNPEHIEyYqvOjD2Ho5BRAB5LpeYxrKGz3UZCJ0bgEg5WQyRy0N4vPCgKEpDCSSgCvg8QFJA2F5UgqgG2B2Z2dnTD4zGq+P6+xc4g6MMglbRLeK1XRhq1alDw4XqfStvZY6iUqupivZgC6nAA4D5DemJi0seJmFM9MLN6budWmtIprRaAtRWgGpVqj0HbwmXYeGDYykrc6cLJBVQXIUwGELjElJSYmpjiaiS+NSUrJdWkNrollrNYryEgRqoUx6kN3aJDOI+MZw0W61HGT0Sn0OUKHTwOfFsjzaJAFuaCiuWBH3LBChldY/MgbuK8tNX/IwQwRLrE1B7PCgIIVILNI2KdT0jEGJRqM7GKbkAWEv6XOAcpsIfqc5Wa1HVx3DAI97n55SHs8iWJmVBX7Ht7oMrZS1d8kjAAIwcgYslNEA11PHdZ+HhQXXAd+7sAYCnKsGGVYALGyn4IH6488+9TK5ZCELw3EcY+b4m+DqXKZ7paTGRwGctMRKSf8AJMPN/GALdOfF5uFjij1nll8Zyy+HiTYFd0b4meD6XBZaCT5Y8Y2+Ajjk5b4FmOywLxaF2dQqF7o3PWLg1YFjo/w4ZSHkh7GyMAbcV+5qP/JbkcRCP1QWC62UWvg8AxSE9PHC+KAvYWwWPlpbe3TE3HK4K0Z8aUlFDoFscJ/f+HWmulbaWZKPVmKmPxZAq9cTJUOinwBOVMYcPzZw1aNfas7EcMzlUM3L4L5Y1fP9xC8uHfHL3AzfFuQwcCxt8wQAT25/e/s7D9UhQjNHKAaJHG2sUECGCHkgTJ8IwqF2CgAC8MtVtXsevM+GJSvOzHeH+EWQIMNfYXB9GoYzlrm/vRguSiSNScV8wOfQNq2E8uKCOQsOx/x05Q2XXmxs7dU3SYQ2o0oys1Xb3yq7HKyUJUuU/d1TAhAc+GLgqjsSxixF3lTprldBPcwkRJl/TDAOrUQUuy9iqmHcJcqyR+K7cP46lzNrZcu6dS37I0LnnHp1e8uPXSN1sOuwtJlsNoO+i6uWygCd3dtmblIC49RYoNsIjw6bxaLhzAE3ieH+ySMbYKggtsQ8uEqFiYQYZezX71y6NeTCLcgChwcsXUK7uY4uytDogxN0UrtWZzErFHqJtn/uVAHkw0h47AAAWxkwAjY/rNMgTyLfLwCLoXUzPFbKgiu1u8LeuVlDuos3b3uPgVxbq006U1RVpeAYyDq96aABWDqaEna3KXlTBdCVjlddKVzEwImlcR6BnsAZOZ1+4JeSS+CEZ4KqgcYeD1P+rOuX7nn8sJMoY4St/i9jJnWYQLs6YMuCEdAzGzaiTJnvh6a4OA2uVOGhKIA+zIBL087fufl4dSA39jkBCBuTvzFwRpKnwRUuhIaB1fucXwH0WEbqCQ9N9kZo/AtTALhw76IHQDHtuSikJwdw3qFlDJz5l5GxHjo1s9znAPOZ0GE9stOF87crWDiWtWL0RE4374lEa5sKCyyJx/Csf3z0rqeumoWzlsb4uoapgd9aGeeZcK+VLMOwtDEdMSllP5FkZFx+9jeV5m+E2yrfc6bryJEjr29b89AEGZt9DLAZH2mA0ALv0fJZsJhOGUOw74nua3J4U3BbsxO5684fvfHCHCiRLW6ES3KhstTXKYQJm5BD5O2vPFNEBdOdh30lzxxg9l4cxxf9af+cUCQRUVGHN8W5OwaiOtun/GJgdURsifvu999c8Ay3qCNemhK4AOuZeNrZP7w2O3RIIiNfehWdpsPMwvKtDzczMCxzPbh47dq5EWoYgqOLAxdgAyvt7HuzIxG6qKgI9BJxGBYRndAwWMU+BVgPa6PMDQB8+eWY4pq5NXAB7mTgX69FphdV9LO3i6IQwR+uRBkTlmxb5/lsX6hiwTDMW2Zvh+1caVygAlyfiZ99C/Gb/dJJAHacchH8/lfHAezvsEyfnSjwr9+5BAsWr9kiJZWBpRUEKsDNBP65y/7e6EGXu06hZPL37//6yQYYmlgNPrPA3978D7oPUuJl6AQq5HcGKsBm/OwrP4BG19Ljvt7xIkonL/x3eS1q8LY+pWfd8gh3FTjOSvJ2I3N+JeHDmvMZA4Rd7+lXILEFw6dGH7qqmf3/vPq/f8Eo+HSGcfHa+eGE24BjRNIK74eEORg2okMOIICNjNMI2Jx1PQ80u1YWwZQ8+/15n/4ZNV5PtZnfeZR81cxxvw1FC2ZDYALcF/8b6MBrX9v2ULXmJ6ERoRFFN0B5NE58+wH5FJuBTcfwsUopC49e6j0iFOay8KzVAQkwu/2PKADuv+G5s561kaERER+u6dzCwL5dteqDA4+ZcC9+5+U0b34Ng6gcz03rk7DMmiWBCDCfedoFcJOnctfJyIjQyKIedK+YaP+kdvnH7z5W4rj2zVdeyk3owenjfqadhUWXByLA6q/fg/yK3hl5fvnzUARwB60SBsEtYNavzwx8tOdpAaYzcSJp3Dt9ZcyR51wBA7DYiwHCKPg6Kqf3v49Omlw91tHPBn5xZdakc+8FL+fJDbAzrBm3sdkKf6rSALTAzjKYgyPWbhu1Yf6OIlTZHJmXTjAqD7lUe75YXjtxMDx3a6LRwi0Yq3r8I5eYGoLx8onAA9j++Vvo8ODGmP30/J+6cw9q6koD+DSTbi67mxf3XlOUJoGIgwsJ8tAlvpJitcYopQoRNVixk6osIsSVCFYRQpSwS7YVgYK8hpe8FVgWFiyjFhFYsa3WV1dbO7VOd9rue/Yxuzuz59ygISHJvTcyQu4/6ngO956f3/uc7wjCadyStQd4ziemabBDrx51rckfjtvXWBxFDHj0ZDcV7hjwphPeB3DfWTEIWJR90/5CogRKLD0PjCDHtizfieaLzWPtrkK+8atuXn4amMBQ1xIoSeYwOTHeB3A/AIjpWpwsKKMQRbCe7yIZDLsA19im1jj3ycfu33PXOZ0pY8jcbdUfimSwj3gdwL0P02ES4iyW06pASiyo3sdjKOzTr2MD/VPE0JdimH0umM3b49bLwjdt8zaApwkNLnc2WFubxEWw1p185vT4zNim0bQR1nDRjcsfUnr3On8mO9RdpCyCbzox1wAGHkwUsoSJhxNdADwA0jgs3+ketjDXhCK4Qc57cujN7ikaa77Y3zHIujT+5aeUVhUPfk6ou30PETSCb841gEuWlhxlLXrvoPWOq5JpAM2lYkRgcX4IIFeJIgj2KJjpQrHqruvVQ2NffXyT0qr2ymVy99WCjaFsxd65BjB6zeYy1oK1Pzy1iMU6eOo9x8Mkqx9gIIjudOEXs/KACBZsVMjkLkp1vo2jGs3olXYKi8pUMEkN3C5Z1I4zcw3gteXET4uOYLHWfLDC8TKBeKDBuMXVKZT6PFhZvSVjcoIddjdv3n3yT9E+1qXWtDWS5SghKRzSTeaQFGAE180xgK+UrYh95cfH5/1sjVMb+B0MYpQ5Libn5udxEXGpjMlX2Ft/nxuffWyzlUUDzWp9W6Pbj14W7MwXOY4BofTpOQZQuHs5KyJwVeI1506kU4BwkSaX6YG2SoCITQ+ZDAe5sANImMORZhAdumMYL2Mo3iZZ+BEZQ77Fq8KYLQ9AukZsort4agUIEqALZiY7rP3Svd9PcymQoUt7eDJNRsoPuJHgoORtXgRQkjYsdg+wPh9HxLejmP7JVI5p1Q0MqTVdY04KDpI9/lRqLYfYDP+UEO8B+JMHIIhBLC1uZhiADpdekFmT2JuXSN9QNNGlUTd3GB2ciiicRyXRPQ2Cbfkm7wEosuCIoCLV3YxaFLiRO2w2tO03L4/fpfCS9sbu/ov6tit2gniAwWOSH3fdGsRh7/MiFfYBCioodzujBQzBDGFp0H5dHf/sPsUl1I0AZQaCaLOBMTHZFOZtC0vzJhv481tiRFrsfooOQ3BdsGw9DKW/vb+I6hp8gTJ369X60TGicJO9UkapTnAuXBa0y2sAhjwIQLhxrW5nSPIxBMHvyDgpwIsIfWmeNKobABZR3z1RlAbC6D0UJrwJfE3wMq8BCNWziWRKlgoFRjCKl+zRaWkhy8fY0axR/51PrVgKvAjv2d3wc1NhoJ6CCpIpCywBwA8PR3p8TlAIXHPjf4Ki/vTX7olBUhVOYUYd8hoV3nIb+JBakimBFqDD4vRI+bMc3zuikO14EUpi/+hAndvSwxYFI3yblwD0+3c6gqrM7mf4tf/jGyCC6RfYsrc9XtC5IB5DthVIorGjCziWrpG/VZZXVVXVtmbVTzOCHKb/Dol3ABQBDcYM5P60QIog6b3P0j4MO0F5k1Gg7+Dxf/4rKQkTYJgARUyGmga7oWEcYARFXqLCVcAEVpHbsAyiJMNP89w5imLYvJ2T9ZzU6sKAAC7X2g/ARTEsyVA5NRsO4kfu8hYbaAAAXUng3Xu200HlIJ27lRzvOcCQePnpSX4JKswKD+E++VVgMi+0jd2bkuIlNtDPfEuMFhY4H3h1/It7UwECHebt8VSzJGE8dgqR4bbUWHspuLgAh9KHExDRvyi/H+24YnXRmUF82X7vAGgQIHi+CyiXPhr/9ukfaqAfLmXIPJWMk/DwJNTLyloBShBLslRVJ5jLDRaUkEduwB+/7wcR91D3gBGG3Du8AyAwgZjOlVRdumr7fS4YCQB63Ix1Rs5m8zIBP5XUqrPKrMkCUE6GDiGQBqgaioxj3UN69TccBudr46CPF9jACoHzHfXpT48UAOz1vBFml2zlvhBWS5WU0F68eErwoi0n+lKQgMIm6I59Bv+3M0rxX7Va39w20lhXNIcBShIsOLewgtK084Vg4cjXnlbbT4ZFbQdy3IMT2qussZMubV+PtTlK2mPtEhWFyWO2Ng50g4hRre/vuj5mrGufiwBTC0Ei3Km119vphXpr2SsB8EN6wz1rBxQl+zOiNrIKBFzYhVcxrXybU2xtcsTLia85uZLvbz3B0G6c6GgD6YtGAzgONFLn+DwA+jXkoQhm74MXXHbYKrJVFOCZ8zsyz0SQ6IY/UGxC4TnECifGDRAkhBArhlq8n+Nw4UoRwVGv0Wj0Q20dY411wjkhgfWFKCKotgd444uvnM9rSILS89hTCeTzIh+ZMNhIa9E6rdqaq+ALEOBdQCC4nudwlZHQ18rxykh3V79GAzQbgBy44tpCPheAuSY8Dsmw19Sbd12ctMrpRIEMmj20gdlBO+LziQY8VZaLIbnW+BqDBLPD5ZluEqNBK0g9AAlU20qy/fkD1NbcQm9X51BlUAkdwEPPCk2ZocyYWmhEpU31LmPtShORmUibtCxJjExBns0Ji+qMYx1tQ81Wks1d3SNFzxGgH/QhggLKELJAPoykyz3p41gWzLlwB/bi4cpKN8NSa60Ny8Wp2XwGj8aVPz5Fg8aJkeujQ0N1MwPwpcDYWCGpBO4FNh2roZ6NtQIVRNe/6wHA1Qr2sJgL46DzbsflNEGCXFz5CDZlexq0zwDAH0RsWDGfDKBvrgpHpcSprLuXP6XQvWCGAB979H8fbf8ctjIiUgNJLq1tgnoOCIbzGSckswdw6fuxSxaTSmDu7VKThfAKN778iMIhXbMANpP0eZLIrXuY9DRGcS+DShgQcuOaYhT7RbMHMGK3z+41ZAC1hvTSPGsQQ00CW4qBG0n3oCH1TDghgKiFAvyGCuiL0bjbTP4+yWwBvBb96uKS18kAvmsCPqSYzkdVA+lIOvtn2os5xCFuE0ApxUAtFdDbi9OH+c90cdwzAYz97Qtlh4+RAPTdpCI9k+DwZCTBOkoB7cVk9kIPLCjXUhksbDEQBQfx2eDVswQwMPZ4YuI7gaQqrAQ+pIbOR2mzgN8WtNJeTAIMTrhJGVSHq4jEGH/gM0sAF/7i8LzD82wnea+dWgporvq1wyn9TwxJup4GWl8FUhfgCVporkVbA5VSWk7ZKVQ2EVpcWDlrTuTltWWrbIN/dXTJPNbLb0W8QTjmJ3fp++SjCFpD76tadMDAYxkeCCA3rqae+oxPiKo/qsqg9W+VWq7T6cpnBGBZ4usbbHFg9JqIEtZPV7DWxgI5PP7+5O7NaiVOfibB4bHWb2jqcL0Fhbf4pNKZUwnrDsDeFufQeI9BimHSfMlMADx1NCLaBnDD/N2nWC+9wSoBUrk59i0bQC5dgKw+2PRQlUtPAHEuiI476UV1lSpi5wkr1lKcIMoohDMw3YwAfGdFyRQVjo2O3rz0R7987TUCXckUFcZpqjArFVb0BLRKMqlKQgDr6b1I2GndaqJK0JyfZyU+MxKY+MLS5VNufJj/O9Y14YLFC+2dSH1WQkMuTYAScxwXwRPomE0zvLtCXE3Xo7YkmAjfjTdlURjcarLu9YnzCmamGvNB2R9eJK9I+9G/VKwvDrgeAw17VgAFSXyWfvuW6DEMHoH3VpIS7JvcKhWLSz/fPiMAD0bPm09ejfHkyUoHBg2jHl/kNsGYTtybTftNW4JA+P20wurOZdfmca3qXjp8gR8umgmAvzlGqSJN//Hb9BDWpakD7IT80oc9KE2tDuX1liL/Z+/8fprK8gAej2dzKuy53JvSdNFqN9y5s11aaDqtXTtWQMxAmUBktKRDO5YyigWGHxKhCh1/QLSAJiy7mtkRFTEaJ/KAJprdbOK87eO8+ODM0+7DZmef90/Yc24L9Ne93G1vN/dO5jyItKUHPj3n+z3fH+f7TRNcfSvtCpzp3IrUr/8IwXZRH622hqz7D5XVnUrNudFnNKPhXbSURI2uqKd91UjhmBqXJRbh3OaNHmM6ntdzD/ED/rYVpG2AaPT7C0QuKT3+rFGz9kKJ8fiYxzWxbhKVq+nMoyInwicvl9PVNg0m852nqGE44BhCWge44P+KXu6cUUb7oYmm1LwpqSLWih9zntCdtGFs7GldzDsyjD4YbDRl6r0ub3xGS4IAJmLVOsAuTG82NSpzg02mFyBkSikn3wfFlMylVqOoIky1rYtP+J2Dy7Ob6YQQg7HWkI7UpyyQc3i1DrBh5G+0RIUiN9jGIJVP795YHKV49rwDDHZ1E1YPzWlSJtP8pVdrk2Qsri+bzKJ4JJt3fvVpenvPCtxOuQDt9hdeufvu18TOV3KYHmykMYB/29oXSprpfr8QpDvy2tqlRmNmsRFsZNDUwnRmpnH50baGbojYpu3aB4imvqHx3ZcKztDEcDac+eqNUGKyJO/EMF3ud/TVLbNpK6m1ZiuvleCsHdwRjC9cOOuGk3YBWgf+QUyE2oe7WiP8QzO1QZpKvncUAmSEMsbGq1ZTrclQY9guFF5rnn+2uZSlm9st2VWRtA7Q0Li56wIkZrPx5t8xZFyl3TvqAxiAbf39fG2wlWze9DAaO2+s5zmD2xnI6gEgmvX9cIaYBy+fKzDizJfuu4C/xC1sTXlAzsXXuQdLaxsbm5ubG5O9owXeiW4XDOhhCxMr1X+Bljq6JBt1fL58hizAWxtdLlvJt3P4pDCsPIgasmXfb9IwwLp+sea5+Ybs6rl3hmiQxsGQm+WcpcZ3VxzYMqI0n65P4LisulwaBuh1cG++ISeZeTmD+Dn1KJsuLYXLucA/xf4Pje1oXa6sxB0NA+THLU0/mAzy2emvaLZk4xoaw9gSLTVH47yH5VqUnsETEFtcXl3IwIW458dBEw20Sb6kl4bVzPSoEw+Ml35DMTbSovjOl3XAF9GHDCTiJuD4nqYaSOda3aB5SMRasYYDLeU0aOhrcaSUCcGhiCeS/UotA7RHWUAN4hqDxBKce9lJNcg9KsUwayu9z481wmBLUqFcATkV+rQMkHaqgtQnQ/ZoMQXLT1IfcW1rr1h0FpeUkrmtr6BFUQ0Uu43L7fKsZYB1wwzX8i+6yAytxcJ6NPnfYBAl5FALJ1U5X9mJieECykRAO2Bz+tJpWgZ6g/6UXXS1zPcW0nn+kKZyGJdoQNcbtyXL6dRlj0X6leVoDbVEckhrGiCaaALRyXV60issusVP0ruDxlYaSW+OcJ7yKpMHBehSYowkAji3sJmmAXb7iGiaphm/NYaCghVPxMSgdPB9jIFYKKcyeYNDWT1GPsJAS5t+ALawkInNrdJ6PDfzQhWTnfQIbb4n+pmmOMgFygPIKuqVxkdYaHHqZwsnBWB7gTbEDKrG9WyCk/P0QVMmG7p7BArhsnqqxfy5HXslt7Ab2vSzhRHq8rltoWur4uVpc1a+4GQ6SptJRj09IvjL7U7cDgXn7v7YoSjM09YaBxhmgWWgbka8vVUzv5WtNbcm8jPdmhFTquri5HBbZiW7ZgcHFPRZclryy0ppHGDKAlmXHc2JzdOMPYOiyljqrBFvahkW02cbsbVAvLyJaGtKBc3mxCoLvI4AhgK4iVbSetsq5qCZO+8svrxzM33t3Ljt5hpzYyFRputnmMWO3U2ZhIDdY3pagSjk87RR4d6bji+aaslI5/gYF7dWQnPK7U+UO5F12u9v202RNwwLQp6wVRPgqeuE2dVPL55SESAVgk6iX689MtXuhMqITl7u3XbR9FsAW34xzySHd7UGw2SmPL+3igBPfnK76hD67q9Xfid++ydVAMa36lt99mC1xmQ00mit0VhrePWXXMFUfoupNtk2VtuvYV3WCgA88Kv9+39x+SL64gQ62NFxnDxy5aNz9WoAjHEYZA64/L1bPT30LmFPz42ccHsMALb8qu5jAIPdzMGxJi6/xrw6AA9+tHfv4cMiQLKJv/4NQt/+9uNqNQDysYAwsfWZjz6d6e1d6p15m5OCxicFIWktf6rpgDssfxJ8Mey3Be2oklu4+vovrxw/8r56MhBN4GwH5qEiCcUxFmA1quIHAWBk38c+YMH+/Goi6iqR6voP37ty5YSKSoSnjaoidbsJL5cKK5CIUjYqJ0rFulzJCgKsxDGGlpncpa77BEcUtQptCsNkJtkeENYRrrA1tuYBNsc5HJfzdc66gMepRmuVBifGsj1aQg7Ok+T1BhA55Rt/NNgYCGdVmWmYlQ2MeF0MBAU+C80DtI7ItxZQr2M6NanZcRnvpA9DS1h3AFE7C7h2WRenOp1ViC0CACf3UcRZ4O/TH0Br0A0EaWdxkJj3CXVm4odZYDstc07ERQqGah8gGuOgdF0IGsxgkyoBjMh166NdmIoYPDoAGGMg9kkDJIJpQqW1HiVG9bC0DuGKaTMdAOweAOyAlI1lJYJpZEWlmaYCAPdLzcQ7yQZf0CNAFHIDyd4zdwFoSqg1EUq4C9xVO8oMAlAkh1gPANsZyeRJKgKZftUABlnJFBu7K6f5sa4AThOAEp46Psopiucq3cMEYEvxFBE77Qcb1idAbxsHhOIRs0QAcOPNqgG0pzAo3s3EmmoCMN6tT4DizYyil2hEvaneDiZnaVaitXgIA+AplgKrC4BhC+RsRR1WUaV5fQoHzTMsDrAJFq9PrwuACzZAjJEi2jEYAMBxXkWAKy6MfcXeMNYEgNOqV4DotAAwDBU8POTGwBNCao4JYm4U6Yn1IkBmKnoRQicAPQCyhYewLgAh6FIVYH/2Zeqd0UdUCJfQL0BvBEMulb8w6u5iiEeaVQXYJQAQKHQvhgEUL2XrFSDqIisAhAp3MMRTSN1BGy0VBJlphXmu+EFKJwDpFsKzxfbVrMoAh6nGz1/VXUSESNRj0AlAa5wstrbcPcynyGORBpUB9vnIR5XXFGvIQR4baNYzQDSLyTks93zxQiCaZRqpPaYAoRXKP4din4TLRy8AQxBCnGv0xoCUZixb43PhXBXGiVmKugZobePyXDL0dlE5DeikBp8iM+VkrI+xZPVLLXW9AERTDDnzZVsjxDaATBCpP2Y5CHLCl/2MzF1k3QC8byN/F9zZsX1uIqpaFioAsNlFziwj3mwziBxCeb0DRKf9ZMXtZECmGAiEEKrECLI5H1U/nUmysKN+AKJxFu5kBnR5IGSj1ooAPE8WN2fbkoIJ+p3L+xMA2Ee2Es5Ux2pwkQ3dNFsRfvTuJiQWcZrgFFHKAEjbOzoCyNMlmAlL9LOVW4B0CWKYERdU9EJGegHqCSBa8JO/C4SbUUOSWnZCH6rUSNCZcLIBeYlpDNkRmdK2KgKsv32bfvn89x9WCCAKcmQ7cY42G/kd20QiAAAE1klEQVQKVUiLlh7TgG5cx7iNTIR9cqWB1QT46WPy75/PHjt7okIA+XGGGiQs2VWQGbBXECCKs9szYdnMEXUA1h/78svPrx48Qv577I+o6hRCx6v+UK/+n9XcZiFLggxgiXRXkh9a8THpmaBl3Fp5gNUXL18+Xl9NAZ56jY6eROj9+j0HUSUINjEcx7Ewfh9VdsxGPemZxuWvL6m4ha8e/uf16sPVHVV7rlZoC4tehTZXNBqfRZUedXyfc8QV7Q/tkn2tJsAPPjh5YD+qPvUeqiBAhLxWK/r/DLt395n0dIzR5PgZ4M8Af6oA95w4kBn70AGpIf3MIcmn5N7uUAkzoX0lzHQoM9O+b6sqBXBvx57MOHru9R6JcU7qiddHvq6SeOroY6lnqs5+UiU5U4fUDz3+WOrX65D8xavOfpGZ6ehHlQK4/ent+65D6jO++t/2zmDFUSUKw4gkB43rMCiphQQbdyKIorgQOwguFF25Nr3LMhsXRtxHCBFCZjvv0ARmMfQDdJ5idvMWt0xzL3MyV7jp6b7MMB6IBo/lqXz1V9WxFqlQ7mt81+hREyfyfToj06xXgs6kr9BR7atef8VJXf8dCd4N4D822/Z5iNYbP970eYSiN1Jk97q03hej6en2ikPu/rff/iYASf+2Lf0eIr3icRL3ikgVeUUhjvsfAf7J9pMAFY0dAZjHQjrvDNyH1MNUgpnBpmTR1riLtsYciNF6oPNrrA6XyWhJljf8Q5PjLtW9gEPG5JA/RlerbC0VUjo2JibT3COX2T0OprttV0WkNmE8pcfNznFdvjl/73luxi+RXMiZ6L0B1k1EZ/mgZKM2MzzkCvNDBBP9fnm3X+NBqK23BVR7TySJ7aBB7W6pr0xQhKI19xFOM0WHsjBX+kqlH7TpdpU+TKhLLbbuQ6ngptp2SdxHTQUnZzO0OpIl3dFf6hquAvi6a/VEegeAjTtPOG7JRYYjp0ekixVkGj2XbLWmzu9dlqDzwG2MULXAQ9TjABZlBz+eFLsFFqdB1ZA3wNcHaLE4Ibn8ewNbnooAN2K39kbFpCViApmBPCPn0iwJpNvkar5Y0zvzFvg1+0OkNwdoZIJFyGpSF8Fz2aDhfql4UwIu37FboW3GHdPdvWg0AQPNxaIFPNVDbFF21ac5DlUCsR8hLB1g0iuANEaleS9AkNkNdM1wjKz5Gs/tX5zOcymUtciTtQRIykAY/RjpzQHGSZhNzTq0RpGV4PHHc0JdE78ea3/B8mj8obfaxrO2C2TNCQVEvQ34dApaDWbLaEiB9n5pGzITjOVdwCBBS8XXbVbWT1qatiHOjT6sPrvah6IN/XVood44Ozxl3r2UnGHTJIiS/q3JBGNOIyls8Ki89yx8NsFXwPRp45+vXPSioJixKYnqVcYiPoMgiXEFRL16n65UWfHBr+gX8yo5VNU7AWS1c+HZipiqOZv46r0gx1e7MM5j9SxUp1i+1AYHUke+TOhFPxZwGTMWpX+PNKQxv14aM9jvA3AiDgB/wtLap+ktucyp0gDwdls8NWs3dDR+q3h8IQ0Ab7XI0Md1qz/cWeVe+6wOAG8HGLf1ehSAs/lo2/MB4K0mJu0225zGcDwteG0AeLvNZxInkapbwfN/IX5DHjgAHAAOAAeAA8A3AfgXrFTC5dwCjvMAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Legend Demo

![Scatter Histogram \(Locatable
Axes\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Histogram (Locatable Axes)

![:mod:`mpl_toolkits.axisartist.floating_axes`
features](data:image/png;base64,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)

mpl_toolkits.axisartist.floating_axes features

![Rain
simulation](https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/_images/sphx_glr_rain_thumb.gif)

Rain simulation

![Zoom
Window](data:image/png;base64,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)

Zoom Window

![Plotting with
keywords](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plotting with keywords

![Zorder
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz09PT+/v4bdbOzs7OkpKSrq6v///8fd7RxcXEddrR/f3/UGxzR0dHd3d35+PgWcrGIiIgXc7IZc7L//v7VHR7VISIZebjWJSb8/v/5/P4ceLbTGBkZd7bgIiDYLS7u7u7WKSrbQULD2+z//Pzn8fjaPD3x8fLdR0jcJCMiebV3rdL76en87e3YMzQxg7tXmce9vL3j7vYXebh1dHQmfLfiIR/u9foVdraoy+KFtdbI3u349/dgYGDq6urQKSxRUVHz+PsjdK/98fE4h73w9/tdXV1CjsEUcbGpqKj0xcVIkMJqamp+sdTxs7Sampr64+P53t7++fngWFhjY2Pm5uctgbqvz+Xf6/RioMu81+rrlJXaNzjfU1M+ir7Kysr2+v22Mz7r8/ksbaX+9fXU1NTGLjSLudluqNBXV1eix+ASdLXldXUqfrjjbm/YGRn42Nj8/PwpcatMTExHR0e20+fb6fPgXF2VlZXGxsa4uLj30dHW5/KVv9xdnMhzqc/k5OTeTU7Ozs5opM3N4vCRvdtGY5ONjYyioqLi4uJLk8TS5PBubm6bw973zc3zt7eQkJA/aJuvrq5RlcXsmZrZHx/jZ2jb3Nz29vb1ysr0wMDxu7yen59hWIDuoaHnfn/X19jKKS7vpqZlZWX6+vpSX4vpi4w1bKL5+fl7e3vxrq7a2trDw8OESWW9LziePlHjeXrAwMDoh4fqkJCEhIR4eHhAQECxsbGmO0tsUXWLi4qZQ1jtnZ51T3DiYmNOZZOwN0Tog4OAgIBZW4WPRV6tra1nZ2dqVnvg4OB+TmzcHh03aJyFhYVoY2be3t7KOkDCX2p0dnuOPlaswNZUdKHBh5SsV2eIp8cuLi6AfJzBTFXNcnnRSk5mi7ODg4OcttHvs7SwQ1KrnbLgrLGQmLSYXnS5p7evscVKhbami6CapsDs19uDX3yEkqzKm6Z8aIghISGUhJ7z7O/Jy9llgKjcmJ23coDdgobey9LZYWQZGRnGo68teLHe3t1ta5DWytTh+HvlAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsmW1QU1cax5vXkwQiIZHXKERBEOgCofEFlcsVNRqMG6yJtr4QrMbuBa2GGzSJiohiEks1REewokZNKxiqjZqkZbfWRcvGLhNntjuW6XSzs5/3izO7H3b80Nlzk4q2VYPJzTbO3v8MN+Tec+/539855znPOXntNUqUKFGiRIkSJUqUKFGiRIkSJUqUKFGiRIkSJUqUKFGiRIkSpYQJUIpLFEAKIAWQAkgBpEQBfNUA9rlirVGPpEU++5KNBR1ZFLZF0ycWoMcJD4PSqOV0i5511iVDOyOXRyMnJL1kMnBY7OziH78EkeeUctKeeW8KbgJA2w26tYkF2G2FB2TCg37iQJh4ihTu1j++QH9Sttegidyhk0cu+JWwM+vp5AB04SGrzNARqdTLcj1x9lSvomP8ZzmzGWzwOKQGyKJnvhtpAGUseEjXamsGcSmwKVFvn6QbUxJA+RhqBFK1jGhJIH2EW4u7UW6xRu3FVcSNvXLU4pI9VGtgBJBh3XKgI8qrH8rdKkxuIgcgpgOAOwi+QlGpZNwn08iwUaIfuuVour5TLsOJgaN9ZFDRZKhSIoGvYCf4BNToyEDKo5oAACY1SHEOXeLiQ2DKJTTk6lBiXloCACqlnnE+E3UprRqliqWWBGFju1DWFIOJOe5kE52L5tP2DXIDynTkocPp4xMNbwziTD7eAS2r5IFBQ7j80FdyidMX1CAkAYTxwYzbfJ1DPgnXWMzCJAHYn1xyWLXZ9JBvRgcAGMA9NIs64PUWj1t7DbDl6Or0IGZ1G2yuMEB5J3PcrZC7atgdcodRKQm4EgCwWyqVAw2KjNco0ZAbV3qImGNIA+l25iUQRIkhYggCzAQ8NQGcBrj9MNgZNMB+M4ANEPwVoFMexIny0lHQp5Sr+sgDKEXNagBQ3SALuFGlGXpBfDSgGjRhAEGJAInqgNoMOlHEIAEhCwDFeABYuQhKeIAAazqZSqDBeuG7GYx8vNtE9hBmRwDWgA5U4tMiMBymSX2wFg3041XBynsjAG0AMwO/usOHADW8hwaJjliCKBFhuCrgQSPlzcRkwq8JkTeEvSkQFTC4vQp4wmOQEm3XAYbTTUSThwE6iRb0YIivA8hgdOnDdcDo1aC0CYDdwIYFfJ3Eu9HMPh25ALlqa79TKTVjMOzqLXKFsXPIyDYQMxdXqfLZ2GrgxiFAOjrmZOH9BgcyPmg3ECM0pUbl0zlxAqDU14/5gAyWD2h9fp3FobaQNIkMOwYNHTR8OAVLM2Iej9EBg1mkaqcHhW1MAMQG+UxDP2otHpcZfTDugWFM5TMFDATAITnAtI5RYMNdITXbqJMaFQYnuQClIyMjWmkw6AfFCjrdcVOFBO3phEtAU43xgZMJJGxictOFYP+Df0GUPRZuw4H+kBYg7HBEMacz/ZHyekXIyRpjLSJnGmaF0q2wsQLDdgRI7Ea3cSycb6X139SCoAPQFEQS6gz5gTnkABrcfzOcU7lYoSEgURDObH7g17jNoJjt0itu9kvclnSyh/DLqtfgAsmpDt/Aq7CUQ+xpSQpQMrzoVQD4f70Wppn9zF9Lfqbmxcu2oV/PG9OvmxxAPqZgxSuFIrZnKGCq8SINoFYSrMX4fhbZJAHGn10sW9e1rimmO/3sF15O48btraq5qyAntvlnZJIA0+P1WF0hEjKWtsVyKzsaQH181ppWzRGJeEf3xXLvlJTnAPQMT4nsCgXJAVhQyhBncUQ7DpMA0GkhFoxAO2wiB2CXgMfhcAQrl5EIUO+R+4nBw3WMhhenzjgB5hxqqeu508oRlOXED5A/6CWs1zBrIkuDOAHOaxRxCAnXkdkDgYUA6B0Co73QcX/KWFwep/7zh08215YcyRItbyJhCJsGibMWYIezi6bfKI9rE5H+Lw4vArCMVIDDBECZFihhKwelqjh6YMOZ65vKS+bmZV/9KEu0kgyAQ4RrlhGorDAJlprV9Li8/aOOkwCA+pCCbqMZVYgciWcIN9R/vGdjRuq07PvXPj/SCgPNAhJiIN0s0yOISVnc7YlnCD/2dqFnehigaD2ZAK04JrXrJDK142UmkcVV7zz58vrpDbeKMiG8olsnTzvXtrwh5gmW7iYBoAkz9PsVdLvaMvASk0hO1aznePuGx+BxeCvam8gE6NK7wrZcL5HGNH1wdG1j2VvEv0v2njw1Mxsa3Ljnxoevh6fho6WM0hOxTMK/AAituZ7yNjmAbe0VFW8XTHjLfMpbTvNSDmPHoVmkpjEx5IG5BwQi3vSW5R27zm2fPSNjWmb5muvHGwon8BZUL8wFZACMJQ9s5gh5DMGcNuht5i+9vdO2bl9sMYpMgOsZPHFdz9m79/OhwfxN5680vEnOOp0EgFUVDCLM8S6Xk+yNTIC/E4rv3L5QMrdkxsHtF1dvJW+jgwSAzYzITFt3bTa53sgEWCm6lw1zld//6T9LyN0pIgHgu5FcmcP4O8neyAT47bWSkmtHWucvXwaSDuA3kR7IKz0MkhbgsYNfZ9+ryxKvWACSDuCx7/8czvUElblJC/BKeWr52RaGUNg+L+kAXinf+aBCIBIJGt8HSQpw6/XsjIN7Cw4cba9eDJIMIPSWumnv7gUnTnRVgSQF2HArI/O9cE5KByDJADaceuwtJwHeyAF4enbqjA1vgkQpLoBhb4UJ80YKwIvlqUXHAUhKgNDbxkR6IwHg1j/CELMLJCXAxHuLHyAR/rYvAUkJMOztNyCpAdbPTJ1xshAkJUDoLT/R3uIEOPVcfmrRmZesM3fhuwvWNyUcYEzewO79C6rn/c8ALjmfmbEmWohZ9rPEcN4hjkjEq6xKMMCwt9VRmnLZz9oxp2uHSMhoLEg8QPrh5nWzVu/JyPw0SogpONS4fNVPtqHLWqZnZfEE7bmJAti0vrlt8S7C24tDc2515dIT+3/S3aoZxJpZWPFWogFWvT2H8cYPRRn5f5gaZRupVMhgrFg6sYSfWmi73HPkoy/rsrIKEgSwYCVHxFn+YGc0b7llsLOJBJXznngrPhrZtBF0JRhgU+UKMefz2q+LPozy+Kq1jCwxp3XL347VH79y8uNPT62ZXbTtQm127eZ7R/YnBuC+CiGPw2NseRDNWxsj/Gum8Nu99ccvRrx91yqO/LzUnmCAbSJx692SvM/+HW0q+GB+3dnPNl/ddiE/O3UaVGpqakZJ7bartXlza7+/sbcwAQBXCSKd6ECUh9IPRQpm9Wx77G3n1S0RgOIvJ+0tNoBlQvEnedl367IWRnn8qju3S/Lm5mXXls+cvWnPe+dvnPvtmb/2XN7S88Xt2oxpMzZt2FVIMsCmlZGdP0ZjlF3JnB+Hq7j1/oS3+kph+Nz8v+ycrLcYAbb0XCj5Qjy99MUAp9Z/919ezj6oifSO40PWduPOOt3ZNe8kCCEcCUiQGBJCqxKDIBjlRUECIgErGTAgdECnJTDIy13h8KWY8+2ijSd6Oidw+kfhFA9H7jzwpuf4dmPtzVw9tWNrnbnOXTs3/aPdJKsH5Nlld2GavxgSki+f5/f83p7fE6lq9YRvoPvj/yauFbwKdLVmhdKAPSndFh2JRhceDuiUdVYnpFX+PwEuPX5PSb3w74lrKVQCtY5AEATL/X6aNnirJ8HTvLAAi80TKqdVQZQzZkz766Si1Ve6FRJJbfK0Roi8yyZE9PZMOHb/5XZSZ9Seq/l2SS1O2NQLAFDwagu7ZMzatENE0Adi1TOcU5YOMpZshQt+1FZThOO4u0+wkAAzv/JrbxogjCkO7B6OQqXvPDPWQhBmm9nH1DQ1UVlgQc7Z+OhI0eqh0XNCBW7TLIAP7NUHLIswps+prQ2aGYVDFqwu7p2uzfsXa4AzJHQsaBoz7HU2Qu5qUConCP4y/1ISKi48EQurXbPzwNn1fs71eGmq1n/lnALrW4g05vktiIBsxeDUJWBHeZQ2WVrr7DwQoM1nCFl0SQNHgILg4HpDRIQgHGB+mfe+pwaUbWbWtOa61Imlcaio/UKoQ5gxV4tadmRgYlCrGj9X28ES4JnQYELEUQDA/DL/465ikD8VODpyW9PypmkLq0TCH/8sp3yqzcQN4KrFm9fD8M83rzz/RjjAS2g8+GjV1Irj5sabcSJRzEn2HZoWt6HR51c5b7nYAdz+3ntLYPjImvN7AQBJbeBPllkgjMCV9/woF23yHgpgVgY3gAc3LVu3BY5Y89PAhGpDw77pAPPKRCfBH2fJVlh9Tu1UXGkil+5CP64wDOxUDa5gB/DTfds3NMBLfrViWcCuGiLebphugHTaHEgQhfnFZU4NrmoqKCVw9IErt8OLl8Dvr9+0jlzsFYvXfc5mkU3lSusVrcp/8UtuLRAHmT0Yugen4nLYADz6i6PLNh+FV7178FNydxxZuWHNTG00fFwhEhDHCcWU8mwIQfBbf8rhBvD8h8HRShh+62BgHGq6BdIbYLNROamVThwyJ3NsIjXl6pCiJ/Fo2XEWAM+se2PV5qDRBS6gCs5Mt0B6ba8SZ6SI49FcS6sbcSc/qE86zgngorfXb/j9JxGLPty8YrYPPEu7yBrbDal2UqLA2zgChCvSHVvh/HY0aSOLLfz5mx8d/GD7Z7/+w7rgnf73p/lAem2CDpxyZiau4nodvfDudjRqI6covGjvli0rfvaTvR/MTmPy4tCrdB/1ZFA1ZFUgEJ9Zz8BbF4qiTs8NMOLdt87s++WWTXuPzA4ipAHSartLOTMLX20oSBuPPPAyGkPnhdfu8TrPKQksge8AReIeUfTVeeSBDNp2/ODDCQTCejR8tV1DAdq4A0yMQw/TveqSKOp5lr6/j/8AyvJ3RNLSpXwB5sWJGLQl/a1Hn2XRLKw27gBL0Ri6FOVrqfgwbNJUwPN47NglEp+NlXeqNTwAltIbIKmtFM7QZM5bWwHcom6eB0DSAEvpKsw4tG7+Z2AFp0TeR/1Goc2SwRUgw+bYXYbWFSyANrH3folbWNTRzBtgqSiOxgDXFqLxjOmzprmSjcrYs1rvHasSynbJOQKk3xxzaktpZjUTFXvJeQuHECg7K4UnwMQYEZ0BXhdFHWOSmGAzltsDCOVqC+OxZsVTsXaoUSGE1NwAJsbQbY6lp1BGbeklendu0HNnFturOxkGpAT/CCVDr5tgXAHSGGBzX9dLqfgqk/n1ZAdWLtkEV3YgOA4l0x98dRpHo8lsSIjbuQE8jIK0ydO7PP9h1pbuxiCEwOwyuDcXwgldAv3qZmSFSmOiR84L4PIY0WWARovRfGinl9EBkiWl1UquXB/sqjUYFEKM/lpLulB5M1o6IHmdjrMDuDwGBWjTlAgJyDo6zKBNnoyFxn97M7ICPyEze6wzi1Xbq95CBQ+AKcX3vaBF9mDKxnGV8yuGEJeRCzUOjY8M3XkwfHFybPSQQimkPdbU2CBkJHVCgddwANhS/NgflxcOpyRwlRVhvAbX6w5BUT58Tt35stE6a3kJtYVdAs4A5dX6qkHvvzIBLQRCOKH1f2wuhhlWTlnlT1WpUqfqU8mHn6yXu0iPo3akAHs6Bp92Z9Xrf2NOgLCmww1Zb30LsGZdsG8PFTEclaup25qG0VEJNYqeTlqLQw0yiKZgTwfSqbn7wGrMPKraeS78wm+6TjkglY5KmJZZnoxbfaNjkxcfPLoyNOLUqlbfeSyrKdcJ9fbw8JfZoawa1L5Qs05jKlqzEUSokKSFPddFdRAghsXdGrqEIzR/+zBkgYh1+1G7XqgrrwFEEY8RgwzuGs5pzEcmvbJxUDVp0PWGAzRMqkasCsZ9kkYgEonEYHBk6s2KRt+4dirqdrfZQMaVtvDTH7na/sBbGMsW4MomyrOHNz09FECEASDclh38a32lmtrL3V98Z4YQhIBqQN2Z6u8u3o7lDPBNB2K4QRqggvCERybzUOpFiZBg+kIEuR3CCExYLYM9OKQwWH1/1k4FjuzI7QM8/vlNdPR+1gATcLpbIJ3UFtYz9bA0yThOYO4m0sMFen+E5Ol46AoxAT4b3a+N2s8dYBNk8KmcCiERPjdS0+jU3jRkJzPWcAJHW39CYFfKPDahUG9Z9nJEqoqeJN8QGPMK9qCnWANsw3/0XbO6gG2YguTHEFeDPiOtJNkSuG1oaitCdOVpa59QhqsDRrqCwsjr3Lewxh0ACDQY2V/9q7uN7K+LVjoCx5oO641xrfSm5HW6N/NxWvS6rJgTYBpBGUx4qy+zrRFB9NWs6/PmJgdpdRZqRRAHnbbl3INIQi0JEMkuAbRackRJdzlfYUnRG6xXVP5uM3DnCxLjRBfYBhFTbih/AwxVLT3ufHqX8/UQyqnS7fy8MvEF7gBNroAFtoLe8jBayKM0t2eH0keaKnQ48los2zSmpQeRKI12UBvtan0h9w5HRk8wt6bZHDC8C73GPQ+EZd+IvlADW311kad4AMzsQGrJAuYHmi5JjjRqN+tEuuLZ2AvgHli6K3KYh7YWsqbDCV/djrm0capEDqDx4C7PtsjTfLpDcrXF/jLK+297cgLAWRe0R15mX4lcmGrfAdZGd8o0x+oW2y3PosTPXa3VgLmKHdvQs/wAxoJdgjSHd4+tVCv2mTGhRQ5wDNTpKSuA4nbgUWtikvgYb23f3yAC+Q0ghywVUdoWBOAxcVkeb5FNgUAiQYhwlflJ4hOsAX5NAzAnOom/Nos5GNzdzSBtB3gBBPqr02g77060rKOKDCRVChwwdF6H1gV78PMBeLJ+G+8L/pVU6wUQ3WPr6uuCZxecAJ4AAhR03q6v430RsiLLfMiv8kkgW3gOd0Lsv5dlSWEFcKMYNC1R4Xh45xFvA+zVUd8JVRL+3Ddjh/T9fRULANDkMo6njrlMPEXK+wkJWQgqoNywbEb+pVM1ZsZyNb/jC7ClX6hE3B6+V3CbiyC674TS9CsVCIG55H/kBjAmDKCgLbtqp3agto2vSg8mGVONgM67HYZJFVmUYhY2AA8AAJqygs1AIo2ve2kNdVoBcwKW0DNE02/pAYaINEwDeByNCfMnLf8j7VqAmjjz+DTruHHJObkNkCVLEsNDDakQiOGpcjwURsrxLBgEecRGjvCwzPBQEIpg7IHmSjns4Bs9RHug9pxOoQxCCxYVpzpqx+lpT6vX6njndO4695i53tztZpdHst+S3c03I4wQZn772+/xf/4+o8Gm6e9WGpuFbjQ91gGtxZzCNNBbrd3xmgE5lHL8ffCfvu1MICOjWUHVIsjShDbRd+RJITGOliuYr4aem+0r2RQsV32c+wnx7drZRfWBIAIrIMOJyNJaBBj54TSCdff7418BAp56NHFSNWNAwl65EPizN8i6p/MHczPeXiAQYxJIV8MgRsFKCR2mvMTZB0xHOiKP2h1lPR+wEdjY+OaWTTDx76DjBovT7ATKBzDLIC6cQOJlPZKADHEdWluqnZJDna4z8I09Q4dEcPiKTWcd8uMitwQ2C4bmXX+nH4AtIY1uaSr/LxuBVH3g/hXw0AUYvj50nH0Jk3HWE4aqeuEEwoS7BchCxOGDFs2EPPWAiwjtBqo+MOM4fPAaDK8ZCif1A48BCIyhl3CnB7UShCv4EBBmolRDISiQdQ/8eIisD3zrEBxOfGJ/xgWywHKrJICxUXvrpMqxyGmrzgO1iYSveidp1TenPXxXd3z/rFW/+ZprfeBrZH3g8Qz4FrHLvJPx3hYHgcyqjqjOVOIx8aXC+e7H04FaWvXNydMzQXIchWL9WM2Y99cv++L0sjW5e1csm1/CIALhBF3VCdXFBx6InSjKbdr+wdQdjDnsF+5r+ebwZoYd+HlG46fF+9/KDd9y3fF/cgmDCITr9SEyxHzYE/4qQuQO1TfGY78c6DbViZZQsFz+8y/f+YQgbvlClT6QQALmc7WmzwOMddGDFmxAzuxu8z7qE7AB4ImsamzcsKcYDr+1SMX3KIhA2C/u8bTF7gE2WvUNkG35DfZoHV9PhIVAOCjHf7sHIMtR8UjkuAFi9tmc8SkK4ujKgQkksBWB0u3cJ+Cc5lYB038tyuZLoJ2FQPicpMGDsiyHuTJqQIyMNXxFcsSbK4Ha1eDKtiv+nmCbV31jGOPb/a/yDSZEfd97+14wOBwTmiUcZLq1WxNvwyFmRuMUFQzlQKDf85mJ2HqWcIwH2PIhtnTVZ/6VPAnc1mnTXjTvAOnHrQuYz1/wH6IO+YyqNBFJ3cX41REqpOqWQFFJKy6XS6tAPluSJ9jgKKpRSap3bfTyrpb8gSeBJusE4XKhQL+omnodQt1h0g5CTYwcrHeO/0lOBBIONeLoMARZzJU11R5gC/zJAIFU37IbqHJ27nnheqOBJBBHQEm0D31vP64TbMmsC+j9wQRQfdvZJnnCicAoukkYWIH/Yf93sTGCK6OT/jj+Qg9Qfdu5lprYfBLrym4N4duD8uCKl/3YgCFNqMvZh4UCtVNeD8COciFwfX0V7ZqCGnzuDSIoFCY0ItOnVWeBgp1Jhb5b+RFI1jBdihwRQwC7tCJxRHXDIE0pEwZyuyQHKLCRFapu4kQgba2JUUC7Z1ce1T8cKBgbMAqfGYrt5kXgpyU7ZPIJDBsAOL0JadE3VCPEChISUFDUtX978yEwot2EFWZxO0RoAQmU6bSJdHR/TbuQoHmc7v7A34D1MU1qdSbPQyRGjCKXVCOA7H8XsT1imikD2s4fYkmrkgzIAnPic4a7+0OkK0wKIXi0ibmPlqRwFKEA+3FSpdygByws76NaynDnYwfmdxqJKQhQo2o24sQa7p+ILheAETWQ8VQlyOF/RuehOdiBHaa8kMFRADbOKh4w6Lkcf5sKqk94VnoniS+BsKK564ikgbkllHSi+OCkytLNP+xRokfx6cgRHDUxVliE7q+qb8u3cfRE4PquhzUgnyOWXt0CwkV0q7CM6WOWHHiR+JM+EOZfpW/XYAA9yHxEZpi9ePP2X/gbqsnKUUw7I4cYF7WUdVqHI8ccDRkcq/TtGl/AFKxPJmxERFn7I//VYZqrmnM1L/x0UkiMoMYC/gQGVUtyAHnWimRx9ISlN+d1vhgTOqc02ulEMcoQeN4nlY9FDuOkaceRQO9qf9CJGdcZAhm7R4p4Y4PT6QZZhhZZHFVVLe1R8O9Usqt9QZKkUXUxHUdDJVd5S1k+7VeN1OII6mocKXpk4snIcTmZEeLaqQReHrAiMCbwWKgPf2xDiTh1gLuu/tiFZAtvAr0rgVPQMZ5ofCp5NqTtDuidNCtl0pbNjNMzeoowmhwJd87NhuApOIeteidfbKOOBtlkhoM4VxErjhPQrdmk9n3C9qmTmM9nGzoKuOdwMtskAS9T8lJ2MQIxfu3mUtUYsfm3KLgT2KTBWLGdIbBl1xdwv9Iks61m7eOevORW5uMcRufrLwU0XFf6F7FOsyu+2u+MSJWJg4ChKFCnf9DgU2iHoyJAFkbBsMoyi0NkQoMzgUstD9H23ovf5CHGTg7d9An57S277tSE2uGSCJARGOxQRxKn6gR1rC81BYMu92KjBiQ1za3zrohFUNndXjWryKld3TtKl71x71gnsLHGrkT/spG9C6jRneQcXNaCojLUPMaqP20fM6PER1rKhEk/XfZnLXjya72r0pwwyFPdqivmy5T4sBabYZsPOxskRbEt6XEcDemFKchejBVDd2mZ3Dl1OkffiDKMbRZkN9TcOWAqr+NdnTW3ubK/5rLk2kuq+OFuVO8GpEJvNQ9rteNWNhf1pO9CooqHdtYS2ObMuqV7RuD5RJIYZUvnnVzU2CtIfOwy62smNgfziEoVP/a1myujN98ftmhV02KI5abDrNU+860YfAj0vixpY5uCLVR+A3JXAxA3d9Mhi3hL1moqGC2cQPbXXKKX4bWjk5gKKzpDGa5+CieLrKKOPG+DtlbHq7SWG4m4rAd4KgZVLu4w56PetjuUdQrSnpnclnOGyj+JFIsNvOaKmG0ObP+klVRRsEAKsU0sKoIQJn/H/przIQiXJ05dUkt8As7thssO69PK5yNxzfoQmTg5JumXDRoJVjo+iONiFgnCY9hie4SX/N0pVmz1YeQaRpTDNQ5sfvmmFFPM3AKIaq2CoLzYv5PYbMo5Kw+MbfEhKoxA4jX/IzAOtPhEB4zE+RSW33RqtY8ktPpraXS0Faf3kuAUUkHaPP4Ik2BXn72wKhEotQcYg1231km+gheBBLb/FIBj4wXJBLaQ2KZThQS2ylYEhVBZOfUUfuWpxMYHGX7Q+mNXv8+jOtiB4Yd1bZIjQZ4SCJ/qLa0NSQMGX5oP6A6Tu3Tmb9t8b2KTM4PE+F9mFjGez3bP2oYtqpuhlX1BcERrsjE5HXzQnZMULo7x8xNg/GqqVlzVAqQwuEK3q4vC1nvXoQCKoI8d2H6kqnlx8+3qvmw4sCXPmLIPbHKf83HKP7ASWFxMfv0yfO+bAAIVr0gJUJl46fBV0rOR+EithRihheToJ4ZGpbo4/G/6cZpZ7IQmtbN+jiuBv/+IPKJWhe89DSAwIiWa1JF1c4ln0hNag1Y5sZrEdkNJJ9DvUb/f1ryZGzY2Ao+vOPQu8W39heXXmQSKAg3DqtJaOepGSa45xDZt0RAjXqNRq9Xx5JgcNbuTT8tu8Hf2J1wILM79/AJB2bVfLS8GEDin95e+dPxPQUeqyRI6tVpLE4i4q+QizdOdHAj83cY1mzaeh2GvLzLWOH7gfD1uunW2X3vJbDB2uDGolPLBiYkJ25/tdntT01ObzdadKLf2uCnXO+PrUqvkQqBXOJy7EoaX/cJxizldYDlPjBvFyQVDlLYK0/pIbHs4SAPQ5qlzTxGTwJV/8vLy2nv2/IaNBHW//qCRrMD8yOvsLedoBD6OqUpt7oS426ViXC430B8LTrYqcQRasnlcEbjv+WIT0JnA194jsC1fvx9eQcy9/7d3tUFNXWl4khAOSUOJiYGINAQQQkAFTFD5SATKpA0hfNSEwlpIAYPIp9EabXapFFDClChiBexEEQ3IAAAIq0lEQVTgCiauIFSrhcFBnVVsIdaO29lZd6fd3S6d2ZndmZ3ZzuyP/fi39yZBJdyPQG4cdvY8P5jRe+fkyXPOuec9J+99H/GERTGEPGXmpg8uO8Xx8Qi/gec+03OHAZsq0FRC9ptawhll+9MP4V7cVgpIGzEajXqd3qlzOJBZYLQjfyQ9lg1emyL2xTrR6I8kW15zFZfB4PMzPbOpS8PmM1KI0vXKU5N4v/7qVyU4AjoGUW5TQUDRg5r3mg4qkQncM1j4wmylLxWq/KOD5MCggstnP6+CHN+ZxOenJxMM21xtOoOf97CHTEAP53l7kGNaUjxlt7j+bVwmYE0VF4lH758XPiA5pDRrq1JSM57t1nKPnmwgegDmnuPKrgilF22AaAqP6FizYNaYNsfqdinnWPYMzEpyldXIu3OJhFtumyZF8/wcbVNWm40wM0DrSh+RdUb6JCB49QkwtZv0oe2YYUxWFZ/XePgbqeAYWebTrvhV1MI7ypPVVotueL957r0K60dMQJktMQ5ihjENzUi0V/atkJxbbvwqslHK3W/deOdprdWQpSYjOTNr6O5aTHeIjkEar1RLR8/KvEiu0pClvO3ESfN+qrm9zfCkj5ykRED3qAefxFLqyPe7T2NEoxcj2P4J6EEBtdwy+NQLCFzGY4KBrdRQ3Hgm9ivpjbMRK6qNrNHVC+XWQhm379xeI96lVfy2Rdv/ixhO4gUqOJY0CQV1C+yIEAa/AVAhIMJNSB231gUZAw10vFwiKHA2XHyHs/2y/118LZYT3vLviiQk0GnbRI2AVHITtvwts5nBSK+vAVQLCA5VcoSX/PQ2LG0RchKubUGCCVvGikDHD2/NQ5UCSrjFXkMiJnNDw4pAhxJz0m1NPtjLEe5+LydwhE24r+b7Y0667bPAcqPGHncLaiK4GJeceuIna3nj69BAOCexCN/EzC97XBe3Mz87kFqxJutolFssATeqHK4LEgUxj7i7uWztqmtI77/7TlTMJaLV0k+H64LE1jvNXD6Plxq/Bm4cYm6UeayX/EcgvXFVJtu9imTk8rb6A12njwk4HxJ7wPnrsV7y+9pnP4T7iq7MetsOFzfiaJwyAemd92JE1z99ePUDn1NpM8p4jXmPogUxt0gMPvw2qX+WiuHrEIzUJqG/TNxpjSbjRpmAaDJQ3U6RdPSHf50p8Sn+70qXbf7lfen5P5AW7fFbwHq3gCEhT33kZnOddb1W+w0pN8oEjDzHi3j86Had8HxU+Pa9t4qWEX135RHqW6//+eG9O3tEe+6Ru5T6LaAnHW3z4erzCLfFZdwiMbj9Y+mF9APgpQkIbOjhaUjtlX8OJAg5iIiVtxZL3b9emTM1muTnAdSWbT8t+rhpb8IeoWin9PYpGfm88lvApTqWf/VwQzrYw22XLfWNzqPLuO1r2rsKj03qBNx1zlVpWxO/ZVvBvoGEcAEq4oOi0o1d+Y0MRmPZUbQm4OnFfU2VCdHhUVGC8D3Xb3+xkBfByK8JuIB0LRdN9GuO83BzdfCDxdKNNalcPoPHOODiVrTE7ZnHJlbFnYAJCGq0+en5yZ5txNYL+wZiEaKC7ZW/fXg2L+TqqR8/b/kwIVoQFcURRCce++zuJ3+pzXNV5K6nB1xAEGnTNKdUZK3g9q2rOBYj6akXtw88eUgZL1NARELzstm49fTHA7FCjkg0Wn2/LkbUyuEIticeu/TzgkOula0GLQ7P5qaQvyDmv4AA5JqX7RC3XkC4SUcfb/ZUkG5d4lbq4pbVzGOjhetzX66AWDup009vXI/ZuVNYV/3dg8sFpS9uS3d0loU0p3aBlyIgJre/u4v1hrz2G29ucefSQ1JO+BD1BFpAhMrmw6cWFq48zsOYDua4j3zZ+gVIwOeV8THMiDd9FOeTT3jgBXxXw4tAsDtl7V48ARPQk0qJV6x3fQhIjyvjMhjcpAywDgXcoUFWYT5PG7mOBUSisBNV+Z1xIIACrr3oT3ymJv+F311XD5/L372STSNGGO6V7KHyctflMRoZhrA+JduqJhZwXkLSLP4HD4UpzZK3COkTtxI67puATpWcRYj5IwQ3yF3Xet9jkUCuyJFj/e8kITcTWbOs93rJuOly5GSNYNMvPO6bgKQYHCe9JayQdKpN9oEAgF4YRnZL6BRpK5Jewsv+Cugkf0iOjZMKaCgOiIDjY2S3GMl7TjIeUAHHlOTfQ096C00ZCAGBnrTnssk/2KQPqID/9/BTQJMY7WS6RCnG62L3BTFB0plkyNWQUkL1dxOPuUe3EidelNDQvw4x0dRASdGRJuiBEZA2Pj+FsJw4MjeMTXKwELVsN/XZWbg0+3X2CWQZyZlSU6xfsb1Qj5ZtnJ7FnqcWHWrZLpbbu3EDcqNdFwSAMmeu2xEYAYNeGUPdpo1HZnCeJXP9EpUSjOjCuofx+kCltCCPactBC41a/dpV2cXIEhGWUzyBed2hcE6yAFBvCEN1xIY8Ta+ggfYjX/ZQPoXp7/f396f1qcFxJtJF6mIF9ggrHAGFE+DmOLB8jfc9dcgwRVbz4L7ebKq0G0G4zVimgUGOjP4ZtcqAOcEVpna7Ccz2g+8teA3p2k32dkDrt6qeUC5gmtVqtRS765kCt+05BlgdCAlgYAF1N96DSoVWbEWhGKRKwFCEm/qmuw4sAmYf9tAfc84DcNwKpm/iNTQ/QXePjA3BgZnCgwqrQmmZdKqZKuw5PNN7fDpUTbMP6zrwlqHxPtZMsLHjy2I7tXPYUThsn3xilahncHY0U7PTzCCDUTesw30+M+V93xtmlOpg1UiAVuHQ4UFgnBAzme04N6QxJXoD6Bk24C/CTAsw6J1WtZjqKNA6CZTvO2aGcfqOFhwEOl4FHcNO/CDDoh5yhtKCrRMwDlyncSAEFBAKCAWEAkIBIaCAUMD/VQEhICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICDWK/4LMP/sAJUqdrcAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Zorder Demo

![Plot 2D data on 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz09PT7+vv39/j19fX5+fnz8/P////4+Pjy8vL39vbx8fH+//7q6urV1dXv7+/w8PDi4uLh4eHU1NTm5ubp6enT09PW1tb+/f7Y2NjX19fZ2dn8/PzS0tLa2trt7e3u7u7c3Nzb29vs7OzQ0NDR0dHf39/d3d3n5+fj4+Pl5eXr6+vOzs6FhYWNjY2JiYj6+ffKysr4+/t6enp0dHTHx8f++vj5///JycmdnZ1wcHC5ubmVlZWampq8vL1+fn75+fn9+/39/fmCgoKysrPFxcV3d3dGjsDCwsK2trbMzMy/v7/7+vj//f9Qk8OqqqqRkZGnp6f3+Pb5+Pb8+/rp6fj//PltbW2tra2jo6OgoKBfnMelxtze5+6Zv9lXmMWVx5b41tb6QkN0dPv9Li719PHs8PNyqM3G38b///pkZGRfrl/9UVHFxfnB1+X56uokkSQIggjy9/rQ0PnU4eqxzN9qosgLCw/4uLgxMTClpaWxsbGFhftsbPvf3/eAuoQ1Nf2LttTx8fh9r9D54eHx8/RRUVHo8fdKSkq9271ttG0DAwXm7fBCQkT7m5uk0KTu8+74xMT/AADQ5dF8fPuNw4yatcb68fH+ISG50+Svr6/8Y2NKokoVFRk5mzloaGjL3OhAir7+FxeQkPt0uHRTVPwkJP5Tp1MiIyT19PdLjbo6OjnM4sz7c3Pq5+RhY/jk39xdXV37jIyCqMH09vStrfm3t/fMz9gvly/5hITy9fKw07BVVVXw9PD6qqpqampaWlqpvcvX59c+hreWl/b06+v6fHzrUlQXF/4FBf6cnPrzoqJISP1gJydWV1eJi+rgxcPk7+XqbGy7wdX+CQnU293q8epZWVmkpPkjKOLb6tvgr6/HnJyiouBnSccdHGAvcKqiovurYElmjmTQh4ewsN+9ztqdndOnpvGuvq5AICBmjrXbKEjPV2YwZNEbG7xgiZIkS48khXlRUwCmLQMOUQ5nh+HY18agoOxxU1aDbW2WRkapkuSMN6icMpGRkeBM6jl0AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrs29tvG1kZAPDO9cx48HjssefqGY89nvGM7cQkTlDiJLXSxMFxV6pXKmqTJ6BCgpZyWV5Qu2IlQMvlYVeqQItKxWphpRViX4pA6sMWKh6RyisP8AS87J8AvHBmfBs7TpttkzTF51PlxtOJ5Pz6nfN95xvl3LlhABRHjXNTA7kgQASIABEgCgSIABEgAkSBABEgAkSAKBAgAkSACBAFAkSACBABokCACBABIkAUCBABIkAE+GJDef6YZcCsdwyR5mYXkK1kjxYKmPwiDKDAF9zPziwgJxzxRkrqfyG40csFMnj1cAQ4vi9aOK7A3KKEIMWABXc5XFdwLtjtVlsMAExoCv9sX515wMUfROO1MMmazVa33Lp068rGPFhd2Jubp0Fi3ry+NY8DYgffvbW3FijPl4urlfqsA37pa+99dhTvfS+4uN0FSt2/uN+9Cppivfhm9y8isHecRrZRAd4SyF5/NwTb3esu4A1q1jMw+1o0FoOL52sMs1Xd31hvg7X7q8nrGh8DlaXiFljyAL2kxK//0Qpuo99tZCs7CtoDDwTRra84O/Xdu1XAPdLApXqXBsJ6YRV0cwB0xVdXLm6fX4H3NTfA+X1URKa2hxO9duSN7wSvt2Et5hseWMghwGeOVH7wFQJ8zkCACPBEAOlWuB9ivXeZav9yx4/ck6wiwDA+Ez22pUUOcEWSKjBlPrZ8pUA4SXhrCvN5KEU0LR/k2KC4aEUz14whQBhvffHn7wwvyj/s1r2dWrPU7Hw0X1t782Jtfk0BnfXt+3MbABg1sL5XTwa5uTv3kTKnIUAAvv/LO3feGl40dsDW/jxorjWXa2CpWgOrcy0FLHRv78E2GrS7gPjNXq+/aUqg1kGAAHz9Z3fu/GF4Ufyr2WgvqY2V+vK80qgucW77EQdW5u/eSjQUYG6B7UaTBgrA6/s0aJYQIIxvf/W3o11QvF7bVXabbfZu6bxyidx4dRu+B+754gJ5VQHZWvIWsat2UyBWr62matmZBmSnVWF+/onf49vB68UeWrw8u1U4mPilLIU68EwjS6A+8Gl2WRzHKYKrdDIMhj/3Y6FZAlQGdvGkKcqFTsnyvEouwXEcy7LcMwVre8psACoKwUE7Np4yebng2xiD657n+GVtwUilvUpCEITEMwT3fM+UXgrAft55RV/n+YKfwyj4lmEolcMkC6NzJUNLCySlvJAPd7YB+2uW5DKuLncWygO7MChVoMUczdIYW5adfKXA4goCjOAFdIFdSuXlvJ8j7XyWGuD1AVkJAsKgMZiG7VSCJrIIcJB3XIHNuKGdBfc7nMLtAs4wY4DcADAgZDuiUchwp72UzxhgaEcxMcFLSS01X7bIwC7MO+oAoBYBhGEICdcQfYsm8NkEHNq5qqTl02kNH+13RwF0EizGeqpjwjRklJkCVBQ8mxOoWMJzdVErla0YrBWcOuFlmwcAOckaAwyWMkxDKVnyGXw2AJWwVjAkKzsmtEsnYv06SwmfGFDo/Y3RGbNVzXDYqaThCwTs1QqGFLySKqtVHbZykTVLCdozAsI0jOUlUXJzbOzkG5sXA6hkAysKg2tWk7WSlyBxvzzBw00C5o4MyGJ5n4ybjuoJGJP9PwPs5V3OhHkX2vXzDvf9Tw5I0xFAzuFGgAUfozHBFw3XZk+2sTlNwMF+Z6VLTkuHdrHRmp0CKD8JMPhO0U85AnYIIB3uhnbB0Ty9coJpeEqAETtNVEuZtD7eo0DA5IQXexhgYIfZvsm3VL0tx2lsAMhOAgZFmfP5tnqCaXgagFlBwAmsZ+d6AgEFEvq4DoOXU0cADOxilp+XedO3YzJGG64k+RwWaAlRQNMfLm2alHhHLp/UMe80AIm8VNJ4vW8X9igJ9WmADM2PXaDwhMkEG6eou3E2PJ/ILCdxWEYt5m1IOAaojwBZTMz1pg0sdgJpeAqASr7jxNnP/fryE3oUBk+7BwCHYxfIHmMz+rKsBf8Jg8UfAibgKrVch0+PL2G9PAKkJZsOpg0O7yfoGP4SZiDupb5y8ye/+s4rh1cIBvemAgZ2BF1J6bxcKvHE2MbZBwwHCWnZyBexIRqmpscBw5s8zSlU0t7xpuHpALrE669f+/2Faek1BCxNAGIy1KJzfjiAtjAKFybbGJnuAYaGttlWM4OCMgGYG1QUy5WWRYE+zv76VADj+ct/vnbtZgQQOwCYKU00KVw1nedlPWnTvYEMZU0UHoofAUIdwfElIyWEaYhp3ggwMnGgMcxcMMwMRx/bMe9UACuFy9+9+S0iml48MwEYz4+aFCIoFlILFgsiMoB+MiBrGTQd14tmBRIeBghpSynONaSUxZLHk4anAmgXcOrChegPT/LEFEAKagVTVBGeUDiMx8cH0E8H7M1ixDIbkyOA8LzHRgExjM7oRd0TjqWxORXAyUPYNMBcCccqyaBY9CcyMXH8DioxBdAYDRByUmgGa4XsuEYFOwQwn8SCpSwkJcnN0TmSeBkALXNsx6MWGVKORTc8BrMKK1rkiRuMowAKBwF7D0jahsdiUwEHZxQMrnfHLFZXX4aTSELvmeChwOKn38nGeoCBFplIBycLVcSG0/se4ESSHhkwGGfxed5IJXp9jRBZ59EzSjBtWJ678hL8tmZWUHudbzINCRa/8I///m1RjsGeLhjfy7zqZmCxsPITy/wg4OSElSc5aQRoS9HDh41VzKIeHpTHAaMtNkua24/WBucllwy7fvIMAnJqmH8Xl3Y6WeZT/3r8+HGiYMVTKq/1RjJBk5IzqacBjmUgTF7eykjsIYAVePgQUoYID8rCSDlocCIdIkvrvV+2CaJ6fw/6dZt19gwCasFPTNSaO+sKDv4OAT/+WHbTXLCoqeGo4MiAg5FCm3fa/mCro20xAhgePuA+Bw8fpbjIRQCj9Zll9bUhINjdAMBrgFrr7AGyASCT3W40znN+qfOff//z3r0vf/j+Tx9uQsLNzXC8YB0EjE0BDCoOmwlGCinbILmO6Li9rW4MEB4+BvucVSq2ysOCAgEzY4Dbt4Yfcw3Wk2QdrK+dPUBag8s0Jvi7u6KZimPZ371/494bN+5944MPcfxPb3z+IXUkQEHPMmR4tCulw5GCCFcnmysUTZuGLWBlGmBAluhIRl8Z/gsfjwBy+u1Lg0/J7M/RhtUQl9QzCGh4rsZrrh08Joc73ubbH9z70Y8ffPPBjYexG7948PYmtbk5qNRTAcOZQqYaDMWS9qDToURSMDi41YXDGLLCRwCNSOdiiaxdKPYPypOAV+8OPqVe32ldYopb28qZA8xJrfC5Ue/nfuXCBYr4HzXn99pGdsVxZqR79QuNfoyk0Wj0wxrJmpElOViOcbpxbOSsguzIJF1idv1mx15w4jWR1w9O0vW6hFDimKyTOMGBdVywDUlIlsCSpiGhLIQSstCHQtu0hL70x3/Q9r33jubHHVneLX2SXmxhyTD6cM6c7/mec2ej8uj1XG1r7uazue3tybGPnrx3HARQkYkpH8919gRdFkLp1AEq2jnAxnwyRx0AMOSqC+csapQhkzMBPPVhG+hA4GCAWiwQPdQVo4CKu8ZeTu7N0vTeQm1jbPLF9iupAaCFw+Mm2unBnkI82+FEKWz+iAYQ3+py8dGehOFnxQzlAhOsOi1WnFcTQK9w+WgbAAxbWDUbq+Pz47tPn84PA96FKCJA77a2ttdLW9svrifNdACIWKE7w2OZCJXA2+diGwCxcS8fiaEKSzUBGNILSibGjKaskAA4MdgOnYhdBVgdv7N85+n0078ggF5cOezgJUrh1bG7tRevDICqTOkLcckuT10mNh0DkAAd0B2BWWVAglOzGcB6spfzUoceqV7hJ5V2iEDAUMo3Hl5c/mJ5d3n6y2odIFbX7ydX7eDZ7Abk9TueYsgImbwLmAzo/QCdHgJgkIMQBiNpzMcEkFTYqIjIUjqiOa8e4Vi5PQDCOoMru8u7V8avVO1A8GgD4TEkBlEVdkQwO0KmgAgFfrCV2w9QSdNkmnc7iObDJBCxs2B16c6rRxjoaQuAnEOtIVe+vFKtVhE2HaAmU6g/fR40yRQL978ANDjJnLqs6vLFQj3GwN0cgcoyCFV3XiGViA+k2wEgHfFqHVtVzVwhAUg3K+WL/PWfvw+67P36Gu+PArQ0BagU3EA5bUjnHEuRAD0ObQuO7XJLp7l2KCIN8YYBiimgsMMyReK4uHxx5t7Xm/0Xbl0oanz2pzBoAGgxAYwQJjTrFtNCDio9XpAhABrOAp7SjfYMZdsiAoWORoDJFK4WbqVBwW5W/1f3ZmauXji785lG8EcAouLMONyEB0gC9IRc2IthsKsKSYXtIK0ZSMmD17od7RCB8ZT5u9PRpD+QZBlRlynFqbMzb4oXd2Z2bvWrH0sC2wEAcda7ZKnC5stuCJsDVDQL0+n3WuUICTBGWDMwmCwc9ahXmSpD9DNyBLRiBIo58rsjmSKUQ3IC2gmZ8nl+yl68enbnrBqBwDJ0Y8CEvW7LAkUjiiwq1WlLx5EYK9cRQpk3orEjpGCCMCekJb9gNZh5TABloZBQL9J1uHuItlV6B7pbEaDkrt/xsEwRGUYKODKz6xummuDkigARvHhVzeBwZW1tqS9sAojLTc7Ps3wmh0o1qsIdMYjaYMUThAESoGYB4mLR06cP3DFABwmQL+TUi+wp2E5Itr7e08daE2CUtqCkU2QKRCRLzNzc3Ht6n39a7C9iUYMBnjQBxBtdrCxxStbXA9fJOhMxBxbP2BOkAjy1HyC27QN5JqZucDUC7OL1CCx324aStsFDEy0ZgUkpK3CcJOtuSmn2wfUHsyUSIKsZ0GFnFDunzt4bp5XP4qbZ2pGNd5YlpHOMrEf/kYgp4jkhpkWPLDQHCLOiNcin1QYOT4+JtyIF7RYY+PjkB2luYqDyQQsWkXhfmhhYDleHAe2/O3f3JTCLEjXUJq4dx7obJF027APaIa7VvC+REsw7mRpAJVGlWJ7RXQLVgNEoxSlsTHfybkghVU1UFCrLFfQiPDogiXn61DFfC0agMyMbx9zA4u5zC53t+o0d2PcDLI35Hy4t4UdLAt5KW7zYyxIDXjzDczXoQAOgourEMqOZMWaAPpFSGxS2C71DAvQxBaoNdKAt6jMWoKvj09PLi+ey2QZzT3FsAFif+8fa2tqIr3AZhqQ4G8m4tVqtVmHTXTNlJCQMxGW1nuD2lwSYpNQGReY6edZJzJ78TKEdNhNs5Aa5AnD+XONKNAZYKo09qdX+s7R0n7u2ttQ9KiWc9NhYCZhkzEEAqaxghe5IOoNtZxIg5ZcoXTknuIqY090sKsMWQHsA1HCBEl2d/+JXj87s2+gFzM3J6xsbtdrCw/vn+x4urR33Qxp8NLm1riZ/U4AhEiClrAmmxYSVTGEqIxlZS7nZLJ6gqDGZCRXotgCo7e+CZ082LGfsqIjs2+ilxfVabUtc2brbmXeFBx7e4EUXKK0uLCw8KTUHaG0AGKfUepIWssSAyQQQ9StO3KBkFDeLkkKFcFsA1NZP6Vd7e6v4jmbe6MUzN0dspVbblh5RpXCYRu+7ovz/AxC/cmXzZd3cRwAzBECsFlGDguI0hWpzMlawtQVAbf0U3F1ZWccvgYYUGzJY5DGRI+Leg9WSlq/nzp3hvYC++WJh+xk4CKA9YYgSAyDSzrlRRTurG4EkwC5BjdNMJydb2wagtn5Kz66svFYAYqRYGCoiT/CnKBCxRu1GqZn/23jcC8ZwBM42jUBAWxhPF2s1AIqGkHZzVL0/gfWVSpMo1HRPNsTm891tATCa01av6Hc36xOinBS1eOUkoxky+Oggij6llUNae/7t97/7NUrh2aYpjFPe2yVUIqPlnObGUD4SIIMPNuB6gvPUBJD4FMyNHvplqi0AGofNcYrioVt2VEQiL2gYMhigvTh1UTFjzu1+//btHz4FYPPv//r3V/373RisEOWQPdcTYlQ3xgywPh/xSumI2yr5iIqiiUJ1XXXwz42D9XBLprC2eoWdQDsMoqyN5Tus5qEbuuUVp2Z2vnYCPL77+dtp/Af8aLtv+g03BlhTfp4VfCn0z0jGuFkqEAoFMELKb6CBQdVDxe0H15mlmolC/Ll4RfdepN7egM0WKgw4WjECOwSg7LdQI90jESYZ8No9jWvTGGD/t7f/eO9qEXE+M75oiXtQSH67MzNVrKN3MblMhBWyHaobY1UAov5CaUBINDpApf3o69HqSYOmQQAHdYCF8tFuG/ju9MlwKwL0xvEBS5848vFQr0/ZL2pcubdHkx7Q/+b27ZkLRQDe2YeHgWC10fbi1c2ionJkKVZOKltZQD+JgwHiVA1ynT5IAiRdfKuY5LUduH0AjfXAE8HkkM37eOTEaEtW4XyGY4SsKzR06JD7zDBS0o1PRKBTFS9dvDiz86YIXu7V9l4CWvzwWJYGUVRsAiLDSUE3b36KhwZQWY3hY2lJ73Ih6eJTfMCaEpV60qBpHA5hZEK7xuM9J7td8LxlYKQFAcqxI3Ur0F6ZCNGW57vzVRdnEnXR2C8uDdDoJnhrE6nnWq22Gg5fXlq75vBkBc1RaHBjMMCg5q1AqiNdlvRJJmGuKse+sO5D9QT9JjUN3q/8qXaN/OETmQF49LBuELZUBDp4WtvTp4cXp+9Mj3+qASwW8Qtb96XH11IoY/uBnX79YqH2esw2tLZ0vyL6cb1o5saYAKJMzSSltFh3TWEXCbC+1KvYWbK1AeAnnxgXGcVP4bcbV105fug80yL3QEic7MIA7+gAwebUJioS4aOPLx1WDUKk/lZWExnx1KX7JwgDGrh+ECBKTqc3kxbw0WG131DfYILayZAAy+azThLgqZ8dfNXAOfido0UA6kfjQLFYtDz/7WIVcvX4u/DNZ282sf/cd8ynrkDDoF/ixcB/qTvX2KbOM47rXH18jI8vx5f4+H4cn4vtguORC5S0aoJJGqzQNQRWcgWahowA0hpCUEOWEIJaSgOsEFbxoTAW1KaFZdAWpWxIiCIETC3Qbpq0QbcPWye107ZP+7JNe9/3+HYS4LNzviWOLPun53mf2/95YwrLQnHP9ZEAuWKAGDAzO/RU1JkpAMxrUkHqXFGj9RGyAL//pBPP9q5SKlGYzG4dUSeHQKYMe/pZgNXH+k/1b4blh8EWxOHgKezmZAWOPvCAxdDXl3k8QPAW8wGiCi3KmYvqDb2olwxI4Ww8QQLVl56grzSt4UomjcmtbaWG5ubuUNq3Rx381IFTW/4OoeI+UXUEOHehOAEAW4eHWzNPAKi3wOzphhljfAVXsDIdQExQSItc7tHm8SbPprWP/9S1B1ctFUsEYFZhSZUNzV2cRH6JaQAZ338e/ve7LXMh1Zsut8NpL5UbnuCidd+tW/v6ngCQKgZYKHlB+ZvmCwskfFwHkEbxBM1PTJ4n6StpxWZjSwQgxZPwK//67dk7k6iwYDCBQLP29cen//fdzZucahHjaPCUAQ6eBRicvnVr+jEAwWFJ+xXRTT4CoBFTw3GQW2v1hw4grS0SI1m6Cly4tnJRdGM0iSr14pET3fdwTXlACkxLigLx4sH0w5v9V6txXHbC1LpuZN8vtNV24MI7RkcLa+4U2ncqSGPC/rQUTav5LX+0x5qreMMkyK3hfAT8xEeKAOYWlWjaLETFQG35IgHopilm/cCPu0+g3lQqVc3wd87fcXNhpae1dReUc+CSAgH2DZ87N/1+RlPA1e3fv6Q6pQOYhccJUtwajcsJT1Q10gsAwoIN9bNgbq0H6Cwsawa9z/yyaZEAFIwU1Xr72392H6Uo3Ld58qr4x5v3Tx0oK8OpTCYFGWkAKQSQQEFEjFNUy53zx1I5gF4ID5Z1khkjaCVcUZm2w/VqdNxh4jyAWb2vGOKKNv71ESVUvnGjbXEA9JiozMjZ338xUseGVPf9+/eH7p46f/7fR7bl6pHqagiQIpe+9Y99r2ouHDZT1Ve/gt2FbDfG5RDdCJ4RmKAroFoxhXc7TU4hajNi8L6xBXMkOGKKpp2PCcl0PLDUm5vKiZtQxH1eLVGAFhBePzn7N7uH86gX5ubOD/322OTdQ9u3axItavPkZrsDZ8oa936wV1jC5AFO/uSrnx2ohg1ohwjOvDgN4fEAXogkCJYkSIfLrZjAcWanw8UACy0DzFqR8JjzCIv3bGizd1nOAK0rX9toNRjWvvVMSQLEAyHMLLkve5G0KrX54tWTwo+q720/tB0NPFIH+rf03wUWWJbYu/eDyzjK/WBUSe3q/+lFxhoLwEW7kD9kljV4TAt8kslkpqoqLgQiPUGxuEjT9VxMfFCNgqNPA6c7EBXPspzB+esN9QmDuKK2sRQB+pwVCTcoznKVbYpKMQIIK1cOoU1NUI9s6d/yBxiFqdVrHo7uQ9kz0sSlrLOyG8CDbivXNFaqPckNG6qSE68c7hg4vfOd3e3tnZ2dY5emdu88XZmI5fqmeoAuC8itXbw26OSDeoC5Yo1/1vAsb1i18uAaXwkCpKSoou/fMwyMy/inFLreiTp5sf/iLLrCcsnI6Oi5j/vAmVcm2x0BuBbMJtnIrEeQ1Y6Ov061t4+ND3Z1NTc3NzQ0d7UNDvbCZ7Dr+vWZtmt+SUOoa1qhjX8a9q1jAGHxHTK0w7PMmf2I2PLaNRVPk86n1pWkC/vk+DwpESMgCRucYDJEhqJ2ZfUzmdbfnBvd0QfcVq7xXwi1ZFjH5S+npi6N97Y1wwcwG2sH9jbQcXiChW6cySR7nDKXaLw2fqYzrKV+CwFChE4Qr0180Z2hdEx4Kj+UMz8dCcoGQ8xSmmegbJ4/AhHI7PbryNatIOymsgCpuleHP4lLbo888OXu3Z3jbTPXrwNqvWOdu3cOdLxCZlpinNpSlWxhWZJlCRakNTwfVqxEi3l2qtkU8UKExTlhQZdPY3GhvCZY1Kcp0leWeBqTLTN0M6Rt3Veg5qBueHr6eEa7whJujahyYOpS72Bbw5mZmT/969v2d6CtJauqMkkEjSQJoxyVMALCA9kMLzosLAzIJJPpHfQoxjjIno3Fk8yixQYai6QT+b41AmhcLACVAkAcCtbwxKGfH9oGMr+6z6anzwIf9imSSfVygi1Ijg2OX5q6djm24+s979UsSSJsRQ/LGCW/3SyBVDBmQdkM+m2ys6HDzLsVYyTgb7KR+pWHwj1aEbE8nF3XxGzuenKRAJQceYDE29tA6M0CpHBs/59vt64Hllde4wXwiInDktc7e6GHTfY92LPnzeV2K6EDCMzNaLaX1zRGgyxReCk5Md4wAFgrEGGoqbJgZ7rFBlPUCOVbgQiaMNnd9cyiAGjA7flboqE85ggAKL5xArgwvWL5a3U9MS/vAa6Lwwojcf/mEIHIvDjy9ZvvpZWobCIK8GiQTro8IBU0hV0qmX+haqCrrSMJHZwx8y45YQ+Xhy3YQl0+uicU3rIAc2tM4urxRQIwJ1EFlfCVE93dH1F4wIo/hxvSn//wV2tFGzAm2taYToTVicmXX+6/gcBgVR2rXRRBS/DIg/CwiCT4BTtICgFflrB4/Q4NYXKi88wY1gLd2RITXdGmJsUUzCEMFQO0RHOKBZBbkwBg2eIA6FM1QSpF/g6/133iQxwUakEmZJNXH/z8XQdFo/IsBkiR1QWAJNnio7So4YphFpvHJYBajs27LUsEPX6FZVuSO5u7TlcxMCK7QEQ2EoST5xBCMYTpAea3HEBu7QemXG9YJBaoCVKpo0e638A/+tRHsdZElPPaQsTaF9ZKvF+rbQlajsZuzJ06RujPPNIqpxsrdfByr0UE7kZH75lOkgW5IAwq2p+wLEIYgoNOa/FmSLBIlU4rFStW+hYJQE2Qin/YfaT7KGOxeblAk8ow4MzzeuVsYwA+hNXrOsyk8oBYgoSTdU6KR7yccx4++DAb1EvXBwcuCOBcDJJFQYUA4YQD4UQud0cLt0zol69J6fnX15UtDhdGAKnngPt2c24YAyipXHRDpRBGFHMBNuV2R+BvELxYgOdlxQTMiiXinDs+3wKrJtobZq7VNHJB/dto9J0cRCg2ivlbJnTXGxmxcMVSLAvQuwr+o9dNL4VK1AKdsg8ng7ZA5RXZyqKW8uVvvnGZqIVGBb63K2BiWGu2xIDwsi8ovBAqnIAsk7S2N89cs4fouFuIPMI8WTYuuB3hqD2Kxu1Z5WXxZYzpF3Kl8MpnNjoM9vS6ZaVqgZzq4bxqxwiBAoZXtdzeuvUvvB1FUf13JxhWqkz44X4SSeiSaJZ0+ANWAhkqa4qHp2aa240ZhgWP4hKCCw5I1qqEK9KNktEilXvRLFi7mSLv0GLjquwHDH/PsBQ2sn5QW5oAY00VqoWlWj/74oEWMJj3h4ePf9wj+hWCZcxYIdFj/0/dtca0dZ5h2cf2OT6eD74e+9j4cnw5xzeMjTHF5mKpYDCOxSUuxeE6KJAppXRSCCnkSikRq2BKpqoCUpqkUtcs3XJZmnSdpqxr03TqqnRT22TRfqx/Ju3Puq0/pv3bvu/4go0dtVMXZE5+ROJYxt/D837P8z7fdz6LHSxBGPVxOQCyiFOIwGlnYajKUsqXL7UPLiXwLNkcJJVHTyBIalaptDjEuFWjVAEIORYWbNsCAOa2Byra0Op6FI1V88sSQK1UrINn1v3lk3/f7vWlh/nMS0eP70VMhKai60CVAyCIA8snZTUGPQewxAgdSlFRIpiYiMXtrOvQSPvgZKKgXl0GfQV8b2AYTQqdgeLECd6QEhyENspa+PS6yNiQPUGVH/G2eVptq/3xsgRQ1FcbAhyU9f7xo5u87IB7lzipUMdO/fpuhxbnmTUaJSXPSimOmDWEu1BfADByKLeM4dBA+/BkHV5ETwMtxmUuPalh3HmqAiDMspAxCvIB7MjtrxRFzTynNRqjyhJANtR4rtViMft6jy9lh/tWZnhCc9/yqZhKp6xaDqvyRQVH1KSep0UK/AwrFT1k5AzdAAAMRElEQVSBTY9cuM7WYSXoKVHG6m1p2d52C0IoqVD4/da8FSZj3vGL5W1jUNTU3VKvZyd828eM8Crqq/pjlJiduzjXyueKbqsqVakut5BTA06SJThWh69D9k3oSTVeSE+RldEojSrGwIhKKrJUA6w1Eyd1uYcNRXnHL5Y9gCjqiTTpKNfWqLmSdFIkIZcI3/uuvXVzczPGRz4YndgaNb/h4uFrcjcD+ry0JCcE6yNc8UJbmK1w2KuYwRtpFNANwt6ZFSMl6Mljo/VBF9y3n1mkE+Xvryx/ANHKjbZWC2VFcmPWK+EJyGBof3jxjacb35xbVsHNWncm+PzMmNG2w5sXG2LKirQZzMGX8YvQFiJcKE0SLHyjTDsDE1dRPoTgtwFZIfUutY5wSWQAwvQi3bc/fnGHv9VL3d3i17O8dGZC0OrjNw7CMQt/Cg9QCB3YENbcGp8aG/V4cIiwSU7PX9xsA+2dEnLNlw9f1roYHTBXVckKJz0IoSLjjbjkGiLsFgGwEbeGBBA6DQSEkJrv2F0Aoqgt0h+MUgTBzWfPHz127GASjPHeiTdOnK5MGg3m0bHxs01zcz08px6MWYrrg2IAppSkJvBt8EGEnZpozO9GEKTYMEpouxwWNM/NEAajKicrAEKdMgvhtz9+cee/Vy5+armaMpiEcMy9Tx09dhPKCn76vdN48uaVY5/So889++7c3H2CdXAlKeRzyyAJ1cvQ92Xhg7LiMpIE4xYIFAaGVwygAPSLgIXgRWBmLFAmQFyrjnRKJE4DSfTHdh2Abqm6uyquT0/zN1+63ZsZLi6YvPL6x7cvxz83eufm5vn5JenDpwfaF+KXBZkuTgyjKzpjVhAA1FY0ndfRqBlPfZQSYyXabcSqUwIIXXvuHynnOEvbGqpA0YpQ0bnC8UCI0jnhuuQkb6v5+slTH5/8D2XUeVw2W+anPvBP4EtOc7ZZRBtUQEqtmUg/1ybjiMxoUOFIXgYGOhH4IhlSYSTz7uRDaNIrXS5Lyzm2jAHcE4HZRnVXS9FEw08FOmiox3jO0FgV1Kef/NX91rMv/PzDP0nSrNl74/WjzyfOz14YXgHFiwjNdj+p1DFWEbJ9ncmkU6ZtISxuFVfconTuD+4UtYTQNJqchuZw2zU288fl72sEf2ynd0NbRgA27uGH+WgfFusuvucAdWykxUjW0IDmSzrh89WcmRpfGxuLc5nL3uMnf/zb24sXFlbqktwisFKj95AVwpKMArbQiiEiNyfKkvzc36pR5ntu2NM4WENDqCXSGMmdwp3qTnlRbaA5Ei0jAJsasDCKhgUNjSV9dSBk1DvS6xgZxQAT2p3xz360NvWBC64jcQB+uTj0pI/DRe+SganSYbBISiAowDB13KZTUlAytrdxbg0hzfATEbudVDDlDVRvsJV5DwdXe2S1KNaHtvaXEYBEuGp+g5lvCZOlQ9au2n2poJ/ON3E1t9Y+e238TI1QxNpViV/+68GVmYRMThl0OSlFeHL7dtnlQjCaIPRxnViIl+An8NwaK4LhkHrNgHpNQdm2D+ONSmtRfl9lT085qTDrR+UibZx+yG1n+NoBv4XNQwMXN/xtfOyHj927hyES429GRqalLLSDBZMeIqaB7OL5DaEChmCgXYFpobgUPxFMbdDQGn/KG6k+Yikxz9lqAx37HP2RsKJMbQwPnrCEFy448LWoDdSxbgsNfmh1tXoU+8Err3xPO7T//etBJeuQ4UU+BKmg0tPalmRkwqvsIvI2ggpkKsbe0Xe/ryloesgHVOhRFaZVOtDyBNAfrmVQ3Bvp3h74ClOBBprKpQK1y8vhx7CnX331xcELs2+r5XZ5KRPCaYauAuNJgR+0FIZXsItzbkEIq9st1wch9Tqau9D//7UzAAb0zd2oFkHPSYv12Fvl4fQYNsV77p5q5otP/OL7X3VOJ31gyqdL5dJwQQlngnEPt6iHb9cMzhbiOcG1p2c9M/porp0BMCwj4Qk3PY2lbBbw1Za0r0ZqfvfhO3YNfeKrL6/cyOXSpqLdRcDSkBqW9TACrCQ/zcAWIhigXlpwj7B89JFdOwNgS7SrycnvqcJL+lR+qq2BtZgFVsXvx8bGnqtc/+KfD06ePOjLRC4G45YwACm2QskAlgbBRIVNHA63qyaS8FVCt8dOEnsg9aIS9JFeOwMgE6iShtQHAt0P2c/o8EZ6mqOk6+rU2NiZ9S82N//+4OQzPgFSU4MAhBQ2bvkzEyFo4JZzJLuRAS7rJX11CV+StzIzPbiwfzCBi6Vyyt91bTV8hP6axsLZDCvb0eDePWHCQ67Wc3e9NOXCzty5NdT5j8Obf37wEU+AvPDOnVEE5gUWUo1nJCOXm+J4MlFXB0p8aGYdADfQCTedLw5PO1gbN+v5m7++qwjCb5UT1zbV4rsIQEyU/q/wh2hlKtDM6sw13xmevbp6+E3icWCr77y2dhaBkoG4on4oGaDhwHH4cIhPsDQ5dP7QMADu/QuXOmcXhw+dH1qRmS/Taa9Hf8OUpb8D9ERVQOR2D4CutjBkRuu7RWdvqrzVNosFH+ycvBw0PQE0peZna2tTQkykZjU652XC6avD4QMi0xC32ZH29s6BNHCMR173ZGLCwWQE1/TNP00/YGC8Co3odg+ATRuKNi3KesMldif7A/20jt3fvjA9tDK5xMNGz06dcRrib38+M3N+ffD67P7ZAfh4yMD+xeHB6ZmVSZ4PcNGXFAoscdLAUW+D+Z8E1xGudnZYw61h8e4B0OsXgK4znDpAl+yPA82M7tDiCJzP4DVy6VJn+qEawLaFheuD54cmlwRJuGk/s2cf4ZldtLKh5VfXijvcoktih0emMkRWW5ShEBVFjf3sLhKR+f54RCWZb1wtnaa7vNUG5ipvcua/7Z29b9paFMAVAj0hKCIl4SMQwiMEG0jwLbKp4GKbgdgCXClUUUuwunbJ0K0LWaoOUZdsVaRm6dQuldq39HWplL5/4L31/QX9O+qbNB99fMREbZqYc8RoLvJP957vc/n69/7+o6dPXz05HqqZcDObMbvAGrfOhRm+mUC0xHy9RrFz8W/79DxZhLpIlJ/3PlcO0EtErssBlAddn1uodrR6ei75/vHDuw+tE3pnc3P6rEkjx5qLTopKueRRcqV88db7bnQJSFkwaspNBnixVHZfKPxcyrP58c3LBz2JhAkunbUiOW8wEC4xrbeetJ9ENmQQOTDysuxogDlfxjrHS0k2dvjfvZ5AzeONpvlk6CjMKI0W4XK0REO8YhapQwBqMku/GUqvDi+KHe7Ts7dvP975f+rU0nqxOtmmNiLcyIFpWVfXwVnfrkEWQs2Jcot3BsAlqkpToOqNPpGUZ0M0/vrw7/PpH9vbcknm69XKHcHGwW2QrmApW2K4f+FL/E6A62WQ5kHcrvXtUMkKJPznku+sQSPIRVleT9ix6+sJhVs0ArtVMe4ggKkMZE/yIxUZaArESmKASipZ5zgcYAMkE6ns8neDO0JypaX5JYAvKVV2EEBeWqbB0zhAEIxCQSeDXLiprlgPRDOp28fVjHV+tKptU6pubWTu50XNSUe48e7stqWM5gmuQmxtMJfs4aFgCAqxDO7Fvt5xfuLcYrE14NzQjIGTAG69S4/w9KpiblP6uWJj600JlLVL8v/wcJVy1QBD+kK7b7YkLs9ZLseO0lNXnFyFSTtmtFBzWyu75cOoowGWlkHrt0VSbbX9B6hVVb+0biiDmAW5oxuOBjhI1vJQWwH+ddu87ArNqr9927vV2pPHEiC7+CYMB+WYdNnxSZdMVcPafSY3lgDdulAtVOq6YneGXJXMCHD56rkLAHu+GQiyz3gABL/m9eUgWrRZ3vG2560AwzezJg15aEWcGb3Z5eZnY2xJQASF3cArD5306O4agAD7SqLtymuTi2Z5eOC4HRlLgPWjO8FUYdjkn0mFcGdlj+wM9cPpeAJceN1k/w6g0dPS5xJTZVPp85mE2UjE4/ImhtbTJovjCRBI88gxlk5MaEOXmrBI8rr32umS6wlQiFsnuAX0JOjT50sEchKQIgK0I8Xd6oo5K9VO086SP5RnY/ktAwHakWw8nciAP36aeRY25G4hQUuUQ4CXklnZnD5wzZE6IECnCQJEgAgQASJABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQASIABEgAkSACBABoiBABIgAESAKAkSACBABoiBABHgTAH4DoQ6r0ve7C1UAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Plot 2D data on 3D plot

![3D
scatterplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D scatterplot

![Automatically setting tick
positions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Automatically setting tick positions

![Unit
handling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Unit handling

![Annotate Text
Arrow](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotate Text Arrow

![Polygon
Selector](data:image/png;base64,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)

Polygon Selector

![Basic
Usage](data:image/png;base64,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)

Basic Usage

![Choosing Colormaps in
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Choosing Colormaps in Matplotlib

![scatter\(x,
y\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

scatter(x, y)

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.scatter.html

