# matplotlib.colors.Colormap

classmatplotlib.colors.Colormap(name, N=256)[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Baseclass for all scalar to RGBA mappings.

Typically, Colormap instances are used to convert data values (floats) from
the interval `[0, 1]` to the RGBA color that the respective Colormap
represents. For scaling of data into the `[0, 1]` interval see
`matplotlib.colors.Normalize`. Subclasses of `matplotlib.cm.ScalarMappable`
make heavy use of this `data -> normalize -> map-to-color` processing chain.

Parameters

    
namestr

    
The name of the colormap.

Nint

    
The number of rgb quantization levels.

__call__(X, alpha=None, bytes=False)[source]

    
Parameters

    
Xfloat or int, ndarray or scalar

    
The data value(s) to convert to RGBA. For floats, X should be in the interval
`[0.0, 1.0]` to return the RGBA values `X*100` percent along the Colormap
line. For integers, X should be in the interval `[0, Colormap.N)` to return
RGBA values indexed from the Colormap with index `X`.

alphafloat or array-like or None

    
Alpha must be a scalar between 0 and 1, a sequence of such floats with shape
matching X, or None.

bytesbool

    
If False (default), the returned RGBA values will be floats in the interval
`[0, 1]` otherwise they will be uint8s in the interval `[0, 255]`.

Returns

    
Tuple of RGBA values if X is scalar, otherwise an array of

RGBA values with a shape of `X.shape + (4, )`.

colorbar_extend

    
When this colormap exists on a scalar mappable and colorbar_extend is not
False, colorbar creation will pick up `colorbar_extend` as the default value
for the `extend` keyword in the `matplotlib.colorbar.Colorbar` constructor.

copy()[source]

    
Return a copy of the colormap.

get_bad()[source]

    
Get the color for masked values.

get_over()[source]

    
Get the color for high out-of-range values.

get_under()[source]

    
Get the color for low out-of-range values.

is_gray()[source]

    
Return whether the colormap is grayscale.

reversed(name=None)[source]

    
Return a reversed instance of the Colormap.

Note

This function is not implemented for base class.

Parameters

    
namestr, optional

    
The name for the reversed colormap. If it's None the name will be the name of
the parent colormap + "_r".

See also

`LinearSegmentedColormap.reversed`

`ListedColormap.reversed`

set_bad(color='k', alpha=None)[source]

    
Set the color for masked values.

set_extremes(*, bad=None, under=None, over=None)[source]

    
Set the colors for masked (bad) values and, when `norm.clip = False`, low
(under) and high (over) out-of-range values.

set_over(color='k', alpha=None)[source]

    
Set the color for high out-of-range values.

set_under(color='k', alpha=None)[source]

    
Set the color for low out-of-range values.

with_extremes(*, bad=None, under=None, over=None)[source]

    
Return a copy of the colormap, for which the colors for masked (bad) values
and, when `norm.clip = False`, low (under) and high (over) out-of-range
values, have been set accordingly.

## Examples using `matplotlib.colors.Colormap`

![Multicolored
lines](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multicolored lines

![Creating a colormap from a list of
colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating a colormap from a list of colors

![Left ventricle
bullseye](data:image/png;base64,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)

Left ventricle bullseye

![Customized Colorbars
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Customized Colorbars Tutorial

![Creating Colormaps in
Matplotlib](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating Colormaps in Matplotlib

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.colors.Colormap.html

