# matplotlib.pyplot.scatter

matplotlib.pyplot.scatter(x, y, s=None, c=None, marker=None, cmap=None,
norm=None, vmin=None, vmax=None, alpha=None, linewidths=None, *,
edgecolors=None, plotnonfinite=False, data=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
A scatter plot of y vs. x with varying marker size and/or color.

Parameters

    
x, yfloat or array-like, shape (n, )

    
The data positions.

sfloat or array-like, shape (n, ), optional

    
The marker size in points**2. Default is `rcParams['lines.markersize'] ** 2`.

carray-like or list of colors or color, optional

    
The marker colors. Possible values:

  * A scalar or sequence of n numbers to be mapped to colors using cmap and norm.
  * A 2D array in which the rows are RGB or RGBA.
  * A sequence of colors of length n.
  * A single color format string.

Note that c should not be a single numeric RGB or RGBA sequence because that
is indistinguishable from an array of values to be colormapped. If you want to
specify the same RGB or RGBA value for all points, use a 2D array with a
single row. Otherwise, value- matching will have precedence in case of a size
matching with x and y.

If you wish to specify a single color for all points prefer the color keyword
argument.

Defaults to `None`. In that case the marker color is determined by the value
of color, facecolor or facecolors. In case those are not specified or `None`,
the marker color is determined by the next color of the `Axes`' current "shape
and fill" color cycle. This cycle defaults to `rcParams["axes.prop_cycle"]`
(default: `cycler('color', ['#1f77b4', '#ff7f0e', '#2ca02c', '#d62728',
'#9467bd', '#8c564b', '#e377c2', '#7f7f7f', '#bcbd22', '#17becf'])`).

marker`MarkerStyle`, default: `rcParams["scatter.marker"]` (default: `'o'`)

    
The marker style. marker can be either an instance of the class or the text
shorthand for a particular marker. See `matplotlib.markers` for more
information about marker styles.

cmapstr or `Colormap`, default: `rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default:
`'viridis'`)

    
A `Colormap` instance or registered colormap name. cmap is only used if c is
an array of floats.

norm`Normalize`, default: None

    
If c is an array of floats, norm is used to scale the color data, c, in the
range 0 to 1, in order to map into the colormap cmap. If None, use the default
`colors.Normalize`.

vmin, vmaxfloat, default: None

    
vmin and vmax are used in conjunction with the default norm to map the color
array c to the colormap cmap. If None, the respective min and max of the color
array is used. It is an error to use vmin/vmax when norm is given.

alphafloat, default: None

    
The alpha blending value, between 0 (transparent) and 1 (opaque).

linewidthsfloat or array-like, default: `rcParams["lines.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.5`)

    
The linewidth of the marker edges. Note: The default edgecolors is 'face'. You
may want to change this as well.

edgecolors{'face', 'none', None} or color or sequence of color, default:
`rcParams["scatter.edgecolors"]` (default: `'face'`)

    
The edge color of the marker. Possible values:

  * 'face': The edge color will always be the same as the face color.
  * 'none': No patch boundary will be drawn.
  * A color or sequence of colors.

For non-filled markers, edgecolors is ignored. Instead, the color is
determined like with 'face', i.e. from c, colors, or facecolors.

plotnonfinitebool, default: False

    
Whether to plot points with nonfinite c (i.e. `inf`, `-inf` or `nan`). If
`True` the points are drawn with the bad colormap color (see
`Colormap.set_bad`).

Returns

    
`PathCollection`

Other Parameters

    
dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, the following parameters also accept a string `s`, which is
interpreted as `data[s]` (unless this raises an exception):

x, y, s, linewidths, edgecolors, c, facecolor, facecolors, color

**kwargs`Collection` properties

See also

`plot`

    
To plot scatter plots when markers are identical in size and color.

#### Notes

  * The `plot` function will be faster for scatterplots where markers don't vary in size or color.
  * Any or all of x, y, s, and c may be masked arrays, in which case all masks will be combined and only unmasked points will be plotted.
  * Fundamentally, scatter works with 1D arrays; x, y, s, and c may be input as N-D arrays, but within scatter they will be flattened. The exception is c, which will be flattened only if its size matches the size of x and y.

## Examples using `matplotlib.pyplot.scatter`

![Scatter
Masked](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Masked

![Scatter
Symbol](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Symbol

![Scatter
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot

![Hyperlinks](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hyperlinks

![Pyplot
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pyplot tutorial

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.scatter.html

