# matplotlib.pyplot.boxplot

matplotlib.pyplot.boxplot(x, notch=None, sym=None, vert=None, whis=None,
positions=None, widths=None, patch_artist=None, bootstrap=None,
usermedians=None, conf_intervals=None, meanline=None, showmeans=None,
showcaps=None, showbox=None, showfliers=None, boxprops=None, labels=None,
flierprops=None, medianprops=None, meanprops=None, capprops=None,
whiskerprops=None, manage_ticks=True, autorange=False, zorder=None, *,
data=None)[source]

    
Draw a box and whisker plot.

The box extends from the first quartile (Q1) to the third quartile (Q3) of the
data, with a line at the median. The whiskers extend from the box by 1.5x the
inter-quartile range (IQR). Flier points are those past the end of the
whiskers. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Box_plot for reference.

    
         Q1-1.5IQR   Q1   median  Q3   Q3+1.5IQR
                      |-----:-----|
      o      |--------|     :     |--------|    o  o
                      |-----:-----|
    flier             <----------->            fliers
                           IQR
    
Parameters

    
xArray or a sequence of vectors.

    
The input data. If a 2D array, a boxplot is drawn for each column in x. If a
sequence of 1D arrays, a boxplot is drawn for each array in x.

notchbool, default: False

    
Whether to draw a notched boxplot (`True`), or a rectangular boxplot
(`False`). The notches represent the confidence interval (CI) around the
median. The documentation for bootstrap describes how the locations of the
notches are computed by default, but their locations may also be overridden by
setting the conf_intervals parameter.

Note

In cases where the values of the CI are less than the lower quartile or
greater than the upper quartile, the notches will extend beyond the box,
giving it a distinctive "flipped" appearance. This is expected behavior and
consistent with other statistical visualization packages.

symstr, optional

    
The default symbol for flier points. An empty string ('') hides the fliers. If
`None`, then the fliers default to 'b+'. More control is provided by the
flierprops parameter.

vertbool, default: True

    
If `True`, draws vertical boxes. If `False`, draw horizontal boxes.

whisfloat or (float, float), default: 1.5

    
The position of the whiskers.

If a float, the lower whisker is at the lowest datum above `Q1 -
whis*(Q3-Q1)`, and the upper whisker at the highest datum below `Q3 +
whis*(Q3-Q1)`, where Q1 and Q3 are the first and third quartiles. The default
value of `whis = 1.5` corresponds to Tukey's original definition of boxplots.

If a pair of floats, they indicate the percentiles at which to draw the
whiskers (e.g., (5, 95)). In particular, setting this to (0, 100) results in
whiskers covering the whole range of the data.

In the edge case where `Q1 == Q3`, whis is automatically set to (0, 100)
(cover the whole range of the data) if autorange is True.

Beyond the whiskers, data are considered outliers and are plotted as
individual points.

bootstrapint, optional

    
Specifies whether to bootstrap the confidence intervals around the median for
notched boxplots. If bootstrap is None, no bootstrapping is performed, and
notches are calculated using a Gaussian-based asymptotic approximation (see
McGill, R., Tukey, J.W., and Larsen, W.A., 1978, and Kendall and Stuart,
1967). Otherwise, bootstrap specifies the number of times to bootstrap the
median to determine its 95% confidence intervals. Values between 1000 and
10000 are recommended.

usermedians1D array-like, optional

    
A 1D array-like of length `len(x)`. Each entry that is not `None` forces the
value of the median for the corresponding dataset. For entries that are
`None`, the medians are computed by Matplotlib as normal.

conf_intervalsarray-like, optional

    
A 2D array-like of shape `(len(x), 2)`. Each entry that is not None forces the
location of the corresponding notch (which is only drawn if notch is `True`).
For entries that are `None`, the notches are computed by the method specified
by the other parameters (e.g., bootstrap).

positionsarray-like, optional

    
The positions of the boxes. The ticks and limits are automatically set to
match the positions. Defaults to `range(1, N+1)` where N is the number of
boxes to be drawn.

widthsfloat or array-like

    
The widths of the boxes. The default is 0.5, or `0.15*(distance between
extreme positions)`, if that is smaller.

patch_artistbool, default: False

    
If `False` produces boxes with the Line2D artist. Otherwise, boxes are drawn
with Patch artists.

labelssequence, optional

    
Labels for each dataset (one per dataset).

manage_ticksbool, default: True

    
If True, the tick locations and labels will be adjusted to match the boxplot
positions.

autorangebool, default: False

    
When `True` and the data are distributed such that the 25th and 75th
percentiles are equal, whis is set to (0, 100) such that the whisker ends are
at the minimum and maximum of the data.

meanlinebool, default: False

    
If `True` (and showmeans is `True`), will try to render the mean as a line
spanning the full width of the box according to meanprops (see below). Not
recommended if shownotches is also True. Otherwise, means will be shown as
points.

zorderfloat, default: `Line2D.zorder = 2`

    
The zorder of the boxplot.

Returns

    
dict

    
A dictionary mapping each component of the boxplot to a list of the `Line2D`
instances created. That dictionary has the following keys (assuming vertical
boxplots):

  * `boxes`: the main body of the boxplot showing the quartiles and the median's confidence intervals if enabled.
  * `medians`: horizontal lines at the median of each box.
  * `whiskers`: the vertical lines extending to the most extreme, non-outlier data points.
  * `caps`: the horizontal lines at the ends of the whiskers.
  * `fliers`: points representing data that extend beyond the whiskers (fliers).
  * `means`: points or lines representing the means.

Other Parameters

    
showcapsbool, default: True

    
Show the caps on the ends of whiskers.

showboxbool, default: True

    
Show the central box.

showfliersbool, default: True

    
Show the outliers beyond the caps.

showmeansbool, default: False

    
Show the arithmetic means.

cappropsdict, default: None

    
The style of the caps.

boxpropsdict, default: None

    
The style of the box.

whiskerpropsdict, default: None

    
The style of the whiskers.

flierpropsdict, default: None

    
The style of the fliers.

medianpropsdict, default: None

    
The style of the median.

meanpropsdict, default: None

    
The style of the mean.

dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, all parameters also accept a string `s`, which is interpreted as
`data[s]` (unless this raises an exception).

See also

`violinplot`

    
Draw an estimate of the probability density function.

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.boxplot.html

