# matplotlib.axes.Axes.hist

Axes.hist(x, bins=None, range=None, density=False, weights=None,
cumulative=False, bottom=None, histtype='bar', align='mid',
orientation='vertical', rwidth=None, log=False, color=None, label=None,
stacked=False, *, data=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
Plot a histogram.

Compute and draw the histogram of x. The return value is a tuple (n, bins,
patches) or ([n0, n1, ...], bins, [patches0, patches1, ...]) if the input
contains multiple data. See the documentation of the weights parameter to draw
a histogram of already-binned data.

Multiple data can be provided via x as a list of datasets of potentially
different length ([x0, x1, ...]), or as a 2D ndarray in which each column is a
dataset. Note that the ndarray form is transposed relative to the list form.

Masked arrays are not supported.

The bins, range, weights, and density parameters behave as in
`numpy.histogram`.

Parameters

    
x(n,) array or sequence of (n,) arrays

    
Input values, this takes either a single array or a sequence of arrays which
are not required to be of the same length.

binsint or sequence or str, default: `rcParams["hist.bins"]` (default: `10`)

    
If bins is an integer, it defines the number of equal-width bins in the range.

If bins is a sequence, it defines the bin edges, including the left edge of
the first bin and the right edge of the last bin; in this case, bins may be
unequally spaced. All but the last (righthand-most) bin is half-open. In other
words, if bins is:

    
    [1, 2, 3, 4]
    
then the first bin is `[1, 2)` (including 1, but excluding 2) and the second
`[2, 3)`. The last bin, however, is `[3, 4]`, which includes 4.

If bins is a string, it is one of the binning strategies supported by
`numpy.histogram_bin_edges`: 'auto', 'fd', 'doane', 'scott', 'stone', 'rice',
'sturges', or 'sqrt'.

rangetuple or None, default: None

    
The lower and upper range of the bins. Lower and upper outliers are ignored.
If not provided, range is `(x.min(), x.max())`. Range has no effect if bins is
a sequence.

If bins is a sequence or range is specified, autoscaling is based on the
specified bin range instead of the range of x.

densitybool, default: False

    
If `True`, draw and return a probability density: each bin will display the
bin's raw count divided by the total number of counts and the bin width
(`density = counts / (sum(counts) * np.diff(bins))`), so that the area under
the histogram integrates to 1 (`np.sum(density * np.diff(bins)) == 1`).

If stacked is also `True`, the sum of the histograms is normalized to 1.

weights(n,) array-like or None, default: None

    
An array of weights, of the same shape as x. Each value in x only contributes
its associated weight towards the bin count (instead of 1). If density is
`True`, the weights are normalized, so that the integral of the density over
the range remains 1.

This parameter can be used to draw a histogram of data that has already been
binned, e.g. using `numpy.histogram` (by treating each bin as a single point
with a weight equal to its count)

    
    counts, bins = np.histogram(data)
    plt.hist(bins[:-1], bins, weights=counts)
    
(or you may alternatively use `bar()`).

cumulativebool or -1, default: False

    
If `True`, then a histogram is computed where each bin gives the counts in
that bin plus all bins for smaller values. The last bin gives the total number
of datapoints.

If density is also `True` then the histogram is normalized such that the last
bin equals 1.

If cumulative is a number less than 0 (e.g., -1), the direction of
accumulation is reversed. In this case, if density is also `True`, then the
histogram is normalized such that the first bin equals 1.

bottomarray-like, scalar, or None, default: None

    
Location of the bottom of each bin, ie. bins are drawn from `bottom` to
`bottom + hist(x, bins)` If a scalar, the bottom of each bin is shifted by the
same amount. If an array, each bin is shifted independently and the length of
bottom must match the number of bins. If None, defaults to 0.

histtype{'bar', 'barstacked', 'step', 'stepfilled'}, default: 'bar'

    
The type of histogram to draw.

  * 'bar' is a traditional bar-type histogram. If multiple data are given the bars are arranged side by side.
  * 'barstacked' is a bar-type histogram where multiple data are stacked on top of each other.
  * 'step' generates a lineplot that is by default unfilled.
  * 'stepfilled' generates a lineplot that is by default filled.

align{'left', 'mid', 'right'}, default: 'mid'

    
The horizontal alignment of the histogram bars.

  * 'left': bars are centered on the left bin edges.
  * 'mid': bars are centered between the bin edges.
  * 'right': bars are centered on the right bin edges.

orientation{'vertical', 'horizontal'}, default: 'vertical'

    
If 'horizontal', `barh` will be used for bar-type histograms and the bottom
kwarg will be the left edges.

rwidthfloat or None, default: None

    
The relative width of the bars as a fraction of the bin width. If `None`,
automatically compute the width.

Ignored if histtype is 'step' or 'stepfilled'.

logbool, default: False

    
If `True`, the histogram axis will be set to a log scale.

colorcolor or array-like of colors or None, default: None

    
Color or sequence of colors, one per dataset. Default (`None`) uses the
standard line color sequence.

labelstr or None, default: None

    
String, or sequence of strings to match multiple datasets. Bar charts yield
multiple patches per dataset, but only the first gets the label, so that
`legend` will work as expected.

stackedbool, default: False

    
If `True`, multiple data are stacked on top of each other If `False` multiple
data are arranged side by side if histtype is 'bar' or on top of each other if
histtype is 'step'

Returns

    
narray or list of arrays

    
The values of the histogram bins. See density and weights for a description of
the possible semantics. If input x is an array, then this is an array of
length nbins. If input is a sequence of arrays `[data1, data2, ...]`, then
this is a list of arrays with the values of the histograms for each of the
arrays in the same order. The dtype of the array n (or of its element arrays)
will always be float even if no weighting or normalization is used.

binsarray

    
The edges of the bins. Length nbins + 1 (nbins left edges and right edge of
last bin). Always a single array even when multiple data sets are passed in.

patches`BarContainer` or list of a single `Polygon` or list of such objects

    
Container of individual artists used to create the histogram or list of such
containers if there are multiple input datasets.

Other Parameters

    
dataindexable object, optional

    
If given, the following parameters also accept a string `s`, which is
interpreted as `data[s]` (unless this raises an exception):

x, weights

**kwargs

    
`Patch` properties

See also

`hist2d`

    
2D histogram with rectangular bins

`hexbin`

    
2D histogram with hexagonal bins

#### Notes

For large numbers of bins (>1000), 'step' and 'stepfilled' can be
significantly faster than 'bar' and 'barstacked'.

## Examples using `matplotlib.axes.Axes.hist`

![Scatter plot with
histograms](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot with histograms

![Axes
Demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABm1BMVEVHcEyAgIDDw8OIiIj8/P3m5uaLi4sAAAD///8fd7Tr6+vz8/ODg4Pd3d3+/v8GBwcWcrEugLn9/v4bdbMnfLcPba/7+/siebVbW1tTU1Pz+PtZm8j6/P7Q4/BVmMZmosz3+vx+sNTb6vOOu9lenck0hLvW5vJ1dXX5+flxcXHK3+05h71IkML19fVwqM8fermdw96Wv9xqpc1Nk8ODtNYWWIXr8/mVlZW61eiqzON5eXnv9fphn8pubm7k5OShxuDE2+urq6u10uZpaWkIHy8YTHDc2dbg7PXNzc16rtLIyMiJt9jk7/ZQlcQge7tlZWVFjsG/2Oqvr6+0tLQDCxFTlsWmyeF1q9E9ir7o8fivz+R8fHxBjMCQkJCamprBwcBgYGDg4ODc3NzX19e5ubnR0dESR2wAAwQKJzzU1NQHGSYRQmWenp7u7u5XV1fv7+8NMUoXXY3i4uKGhoYZYpXo6ekdcqzx8fEEEhy9vb0POFQUT3ihoaGmpqa8vLwQPV2jo6MXaqRISEj+//81NTXa2tpsdn1fbXfW4eitZW4hAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAHidJREFUeNrs3Olv4toVAPCJY8Jla1QqMXY/VOqHJ9vVQ3yoXFdujWrZqSxLxSq2VFUUYwcwBgfMFtYQJgj+717IZN5MlslkAW5efCQSL0CcH+fcewwWHz58CRDEj8aHeyNwCQADwAAwAAwiAAwAA8AAMIgAMAAMAAPAIALAADAAfCBsrErf3Zo1770zzcVubSlVvnky890BfiJ6zAUAyS8bkptbrP71tl8AiejnJfzm8dzX+4f3P+xXDJhdQBE6xWl8DLsA4mVXkC7PGSmfLeKcVogpEiUM4d0uLcYua1YJt2KqpVVpicpXJCGBxyUL5hzNx4kxEC3h3C7G4hoH4L7VOwHECNDldLy7YsRKHBTFYjwUM5nQsCwBeyXp2CJUEAE4J+uhoVWpkudatqWUiOZSWZGKyVSk0AZwoatalrTP+DKjkN1mllTOtOT7AFRJ4M/IYYFqFS8PASfajKZmKW18KsR4ijQxCpxBIVWC1dlKA6IsVVsAtMotoC4LFHd0Bi7WgETTl8YCCBFVIX1ozRS47wh/H4BD8jJdJ6pkkz9SBN+6GPqi5fsVciUoRFPgMAaYUChLJvyYVUqQIavbKqvEeQs/JUO+nxeasGAB3YpGtRV5LlJlId0sLxQy65+/l0mkLElSPs1LwkWKkrTLiqaVSpqmd3tpCu5QjoAISxjkCSZRtYhKkk+PCUtNMzQc8qQ8zWsa3E1TTb8ApyPNThwmJI1L5i1JfD99YHpdbPR68ly3M3QK3mhws3ozkqXgCp7arOP49ebU5u43M/eX++P0zb6gkQ4a6QDwO6N/6H1EbFuAfO/oPcRBfFuAcfpd1Kjf2xrg8F0ARg8DwAAwAAwAA8CXAiZ1swmnpDM9uTJF+gHA9N03QIYVfL8AeDT7pZOzSzdL4yz8oUcVu6oAfCeA2IEI5/OjWXycLfc25+m9u4BU/c4m20rtF7C8YFrq5+UKc7NVWm+qNA/z5erK3AkgN04xNBDSWBGIFnQqq8LdFl2qj82CXqHquGnydvoC2GJISuV5E9jxg+76PRWzGOV4DJT4I1pcLyQK8ajPcQdN2uTzQOWL6dcGVAQwa3HcpUpxdKnV4/DQIa8AKs6XgBgt6opytCyKVYCNtwx4ptNMEgixMQfSM/ialWba3f9VWh0S6pITtfTSnGlZAh59VFqRSjWt6TMNpqKg1XtFjCyTmEK3mBLZJURTCC0rPe7SqtcTlto7fG3AKlmx+KWukhhzoS5VadZUx0RMEkrkuVQuVj6Zl4SdLwAB2zJgmYl/ytuzOFMvzQr6AyUsrY5mgFiliSjRBC1FAwoVlYaMMF4tecaCIyc1BguJJ+uH2gyHVSTkLRAj6hZQCl2LKuvLgsS/NmB9YVZWLaDzoCqUBFDhszy/zFIYYErUqliZXVQZkNbqFr3tWTihgG4MKKcgi60emoUhoAislU9EF2WfPCWALkQ1Gi8vYK4N/SQELAGrEvPppN1SNREQGDk8bZ1aQKWS9JjUNX8Y20IJA5sAmAbEAkaCs6Oeeb6whU/AqjJrwDNFAqBImki0McKqKAJt5VvNhdA6wwuaxUeZBEMJwzOLMSEgHHhUgjno8pQWkloanzKJlh6CmXqgCkI8fSAJ+quXMLOeyQBNaa2yuqRIWyf4RZYnNApnVtyleBElD+lVI4EEoJ8apkEzhTeHVsIGgE4Mh7iPh05heWQT69zy4ZK/aoLoKgakcQI2EN0QwJuAHqZsG67Z9qu/Q0H7AKRgB4YnfLjchWvZc3icPvzjfiqWTsdANIFXNRytRjrGPN5lFxRkmuUVUQrORF4UKXRO5Zol7PnxejNI/QVHUd8rYCn8gni1qzF+Q77gKFp7BcRecOTHiVfLwJcAEvsFlN8CYG2ELGDJM94A4PEEXcBpG13AWm3zSw7XEAZ0WXQB5evxZVJz2+iOgbV+A33AOcKA4bmDPGB7MjXQBRz1DbQBR5MJO0AYMHwyRxvwpNPuR1AGbDw3BXcEOO23OxHj2JVRBQw/t5PZGaBzlZENB11AuX+MLOBxIzztsLlMZ+TJx6gChqcTZAGnngMBMx+vGp7cRhWw9sxRcMuARhhWbeckM2DZTCQymcvTEaoZGJ7OEQSc1FgI6ORya8CMMz9hZWQBR/0ReoBtCDjvO7nMJgMHHss2kAUMz6doAnYGTi4yGEQiMAVRBqwd913UAGttOdK/ikC8j5FNIJ2BYfcZ88iWM9DzBpnILwGHwjnCgOETBzVAZzr4yi8Ch8L7z4gRATSeXsRbBZSPvVzkFmButENARU8DQOsqSOTVH/pQSX7yTLxVwLZxC3DdzewQUKG4IgAcx6uYTmE/9KncnK2hDLjOQG93gGbl+gLLEgdADwKGElTsEcDa1EEI0G1cZW5nYG7QdncJmLwGFNeXgukckX7sc2GjM0cIUP5mCtlkYCY3dXdYwtxl1uR4ZdbCNl+c0Xv8g3WjP0EFsDFxMrcAO51dAgJVp+vN9SSiiqL9Q2Pg5pSujQigO3e+HQKvy/ikPUe1jfn8wj8lB/cBOOmgDRgedZwaAoCNvjeI3BMDj23XkAYMGyxr7B/QjXi5+wBzDjuRG0gDwnPQHz0n2R5gjR14mfsAMw7blmXEAcNu3zH2C9jIDDqR+wH77AT1DIRl7PTbtf0CRjL3A3qD3Ef0AeGJMdtxa/sCNFw28kDkvKtI5i0Ahmtup9M29gM4uso8BJh5M4DroZDtO3JtH4CRyHcz0H0jgPA/mXc6nmzsvIR/97Dguju89b4qwoCwkuU5259OZKO2O8DaPPJIuMdvBnBzgXfbY/vsycRtGMe7ABw95ncrBVEHvK4que1NO32WnXoTVx6NDKNWew7gX/743799F7Dh1Ca5XyHg9SXfRsNtz50p2+90OizLTv75ZMA//fSfv38X0M253qOAkW966TcD+HXxGqOGLDdOnwz4j5/+8PN3AEeyG3GcxwEHrOt9GVDeIuDnlHx6Cf/7t3/+18OA7onj5TKDXOaxyOU6nan7ucfaM+Dx88N4egb+9eP/rgF//+139rY2zzd3PO/kB8OZtOcT4//snftv2lgWx7VNWl33EV1z7fEsxi/ApMGOZWNEIKbBYaRJHUAFVWBDnWa73flhpOlUmmq3qtSJdrbK7L+99/JIDAmPGs0GrdaqRGpfP/jc8/ieYycmu90twP3LJ7EX8ovZX7nUEc24+FPmO1Prj4YH/P6rlsvvR9d+dKcA/8vLAFGwRgxQy/xBZ/gfB1jhKGjhT0fTE/8HGGOpBRRNbM9RA3nDAB4dn/30Y2LTAVp+w1BAqd6ng9JmAXyzdXx6cXCxkQATY1apEmg0QKUAasim9ZPNAkgS4vvz/Y0EmKN7IxEYposZUK8CHcK2mNswF356+uHb482MgQIs4BqkkxBZXzGBKyYCBAu8MDPqxEuudZakm1gL4O7jew82NInkkAFkiU9qUCxUQL7rqDZdzOZnJSK3XlQsMs5aAE8PDl/c31wLrMHWiQoDvg7S3XRYbpvVzg2FsxJAeZ6dZkf7ryFjHh5HXsnx9JQI9L+f7oPL59t3DDDPFkAGcqataLoL+l1XbKqVgl2KBTBTnbOhwK1ngeD0w9bBtYw529r7BTzce/D46a9/fnjHAF1WAkVIeVUQqgKQuwPRqTd9diaLDLjmCtHAMcI5mySUXi+J7P5w+ea6xH0G/nkMzs/A3n2wS1518uj9q0d3Qm8nJ3egBAyIaA/oDBYvfCaL3bDAmrMA5wib/rXkToU1r33zFE1iOFXO7DTXALi9e3x+ejXu4zPyXpSLA7B7BHbf4RXHH37evxOADu2WGQlUNRo2gEgCvVetYiRlShRSUy6Mbhc2iWx58lNaDkzvZj8xqZOMXs0adGUdFz4+O7iWMYnDl4f37r3Zu9jbf/Lz+Td36MIO4w5UKRcKBmuBLI/jcU2TiMU0NG3K5Cps8dYDpPRJ3yGnpu2MpN82R3iY6EnqGgDvk1Rx9MPVwPuvzz9e4NT8BLw8++nR3QFMWpxba0sK1y+bDuAJozKRhQCUVGrK5HrsaHX0LwNadZx22yLBSJIRJYTSLV2IJo0zutDtVbVefIDvXx++Otx6u3EyxoTQt7qSzwxTbFcZqhpjiDZAU1KwBiUSw7rRlbpEOl8YmUC8Ps9YHAXbN7oQOQ7b6EByRdVbx4X3j95vnpB2NITUqlQtMEP51iPhrET7Q9dsoykpaIY8dsFUeL1SzmOAcoEKkqDHNQepCocBopttHIFDVqJi5EIGw/1j21n9VCwMpXRcgGkGahynVHkj8irJ0B+VDuwgOrTRtZkBtsv6dXHHoCyOoVTYBD1GUPs8hQFy7fLsjdE8h6Cl+CWGC4Q1AP6C/20vBijrZrwmlBRbQ2talUFW1o46ZtsYyUO6ER3aLoRokOirV1TlHrbeE4dR7RwwGUvLh1yxyyg6nP0SLkMhjTYSalt04wO83HvydndJN6ZEq3HamE4rGzeFZApOmuYquta/CRDUjMjKMvRa0KyW6dqVZ1IUBY0TLhDzwIIcEyLGlxhLZ42Zs5RD7NmoDgqGVI8P8OBfW1svlzRUmzQdp+PRYeMCHECcdhu0qwbR8+qF8daIYZdE1uOhwtVoayKPBQrRTFCnsrwLGpCiEMVIvpm32dlirsKHHIPrEE8xeuu48MvjT0sAphk6Tsejzooxb2Bk2ArRfTl1KnVavfHEZLcjqJEpQpUzuSs1mKcoXtRq0JTKoEgjRFGMqIAv3dnpdLqFHE1rJVAsemZ8gN8cfj7+2xKAgqZ9bRsziXeoQLofD6BH6tNecKK1bstezfZ4OtMeFjFFWWIQZyH/KrQhPzdQG2zPGAC/0VY5xOg4amZnAWIFniqH2K9zacVaoxb+01/fvV+ShX1RqnytE3KVXiOgevEAGggXG5XQCaQvt3Wm9HF2d+mmiW215EFOobv58VgX1kBCtNmBVwOFcr3BZCUVCz6J5WcAIlzJtbxhYs+s4cKP93bPllhgIBXHZZFTXNGXK2yVFjOhEQ+gBDHAQTsR+LcWaRPR3GHa2Sy+oAzkutWrRNeBOCErEA4ySonHArLseIxJjhlMu1GPwruKQ8/PNNYA+PD43ZslFhgamXGEaVKdFQFCm1Fr+gIdk3Dmb+MLGEZdB8bg9jbB+CLqCLZJ7ughjSpqk0TXo/KkkuE6FVQNhqg9iD2hGFDT02Flsd1kh9rGUtaIgVsvftxaImNCv+aNNSoqr1iKsTj2DPSwtzNX6unzCbbI98YAU19uN9D6pN6jaAKgQ3lY700ASsRVa2wtVYZBd3gOBWJnlV1KnIqoGSInT4YDTH+NGPjh7PzVQoCPQKAMxr5osSsCzNC4/Cz7kDaFOSMacG4j1LFJkHPn+n9hZJhfjIBDteG0duyaRo9ceEfkhx5QBnnEtIZQM7o8LH3DqCjaka6FdT0bH2Di4tu/fFrswo4u1McSrMjWVwOoZBkOuSme1mtzRtjUXIDpFom0O3PFuzHKTXLWR8Q5SWDJ5CVmdGlymzzHNcAFc46Dtnx9P0TgNGcqyFx/FcH+Et8CPy9BseXZutwZiVBZZFdMx4altrkcMJg5VWDKCecDFLqLCx9/dMyknTeGFJoU9gvZ1oYemlSJXClzLq6JYdRp89SUqlIi/0vbyY+xLfC7w4NfF2XhLZuVgMvLoJnCFTriVyvqpJ6qmEngc0Hm1oNnNMTNfcbAFXcWm7c11oPbLiTRUvZIfpVUQqufDoj/52kBpGqtqJJ30dTdEyNSUZe6ghX37a7bnz99Ol0E8Pd/QA8ILb8SCkBgaGalDstOdaCRb+lR2lWNNbG9URhjaXqiKtKz2aS8pAQci6q8CNzI5XgEYMouZEddaGJfihidFnb4iOEkzrYjesLhe7/9HjuJPEwsLLj+/Rt2kBOVrqJOwoYKs1JjJsGXAzKwiGgYzQVyqs+nh7cjoMFPYlDVn7LqeqZSWHz0xkhU1SU8o9dmXNdk8viWqgwduUwmyop2+0umrRWvXDoPI6owyRuxAYLDF3sPEgsBcmlQYlAIMzsqW5FWesIxZbukT06K+WEj3h1fbcZKY/0vV/IU9HQsjUycYnZa0w0+JbSUJSl+tL1nTAEs6Wmlf0LDSNaSp+MNNvuRsSdKOSsaQVJdFB/g2+fPLxdbIE4GJRoxqu2o+olVXKkhqgnkVhdosCHPE7vIDqNavls84QTQ1CocVAJsmqJPqj52Clim7VtLRKY3+UiL15VRqdWB+RyD5kt9H6qlcdbtQj5iNTviGgBff3j23fZCgIgApCij22csojlvd9piVCHmu016MGz6SoKewiH9P+yd/0/a6hfHoxfN082RfrWfD4UWSgvSVgKUIEoVxn5ApOTCDKiI7nrnfjDZPktGzLJEb5Ysfu7nz/48LV+kithWmXex/UGT7eGhffWc87zPeU5rw/AdnKVqOhkCvBhF0FpSALgKZ0vSSc0qIeXSdIDFvaEhjkudXKtJhCSCDt0dO1Gsv4x0SAy1fCfzAIBGPWGakP67hRkuLCNpgRfL4K74FLTUiUtCUDK9RarwMLPqKKoB0M9QEZ2UQBtVFawmCXi4AWfbw8qM1U4I6Z48sR9WazWr/FY0IpRCsbtXuSiK9f22RhGoJctkKPcAj+KJtakxsMPjIJxOEkVBgsK+o90FcDw4NrXRlDG0CVKMqWihBVZjdBPUoAOzyRiDh+U6DgGWGvp4HZvG7mmi7Aj4mJoZrQRdimiLonh3Ca2IIuZHIvsMbVnbQDFSdw3wbOvFi6kxsO9PZbojNNkwyDN3Aazi44n6dThEOiCaVA17DNaJvSpV9jcydLSW5lm+JjcqvCDGiDHdkiKZzj0RtkSaJrpnTXIKospm67UpxXMdMwnGELJMojdCUepvlwBXFwFYnObC//1f35DoslAWglDkWmtCQysIiHT1+p9b1w4S1IogGzGTs3AryzFoJyCXG2W/v7LPoRoj1QmRp1tj7O9XmhXa+FZcs4IukJ1sJpMi7wYYZkW0GwRtqs4T6I3F8INbC1yOb2/HV6Z89PC8f/c0iVnX4HrQsuq9Ic+ciO5fm6DAWWRvtdbSzdyrs0+jaV0N5GBIPMAwosqVFTSrk9fPcRW4+7cPcFY1v9Galwf2m1GamwYQBEJ1mMC1KSbHIVb//3Hecy1jDuemNSaAuUG9Gj9gi5wf5iTjNaEDjB1UnKAAk69PfVwtprFQNc0aYS2nNkkE1UqMOUUBo6laNd0gSgWyMZo0Qsn3b2AlaSh8Kjf3GfRgkeL0/NQ0sAqFYxpVocPcKJY/2sZ6v7p68sL425TDeuAAFpuFcUOXr5fIwHoIGfIMieM7IFx+vDhdFdpm/lEWQyTCYEpf9uEZVI2tswqSDwr7w2wuKFPV+2VmjWrgIFa/RTqEavfttsCsoMq1QTDLzwbgSSL+GoDdeOLLfDzxwQIwV2fhXfMLxdzwHsewNMYMrqLJRLvX5ySMqdkKJ2NtwVBnKZFHmBA5bKfqUCmoEI2+Ar0+dNuATNlIdSSiGwYh9lZd40f1vg/zMKPXJtU0HwvgxduXiWWQ+LT7cenLDpzT5xsBLKimwM1mlOHVNrGMwA7MDiamzPrIBNlxKczTmKRJZuU82N0DrWFVu0MV4f8ZnwqwtYE7HnQFGxtRPCEX4HJ2uzAU9N2bpEvWk3tsgGvvlhM+82+sH359vwTA5dyowTKsYCEzUSD10dabEm0NrhwKbOHageqS5aQ5oBknzWYBFwGaODDaPLoOfjQMORFmhqqiohZs7CUHO4oOqqqLjh2cKQE1NkOAp4vzc1dfl74dna7tfrywWOAPhebNSi4dG20MEuvsAFUxCSMTO2JtOUcYO7maru/BTDADAQ7bDUoIXEaNkgK8rKGu5Vu2eiDCLZ7H6m5anpgS3qjMEODKRW9h9+T8t4/LnxbXVi0xENQR45t5Ehm6QBtF8/COAr8UBekqRFsfLMm6akkHDnSYnwkdSimAWhFwysD1QkZ9rhHpp1IDgOW6rYKtnyml0bILfvBO5hR9hgAn7soNbx5tYNFFYr9/C/1ZlKwIJX8qmlVBNAs66BAN3yrcSkMJ0fDwIA4ywzIxL8J58qatCkOArM1uEK0cIVw9NRdBSvWDJwK4h5jpRBcdFDwCIqvhwnoeZTKiXovCmDZUIzH2piOGaIQYuOmo9hIuj2Bp1EB5C5o9Dsl1jdDdAEyRzVbuiQBKgokljaB7ppAJy+kgqCdTFCajUOqBkKAOjOK2wtBpAkH7+i8zoZ7DDBtXuLRNQ8qqRVddn5LcZAtPBHBUO8fkoGE7YRXGMEVIowiBYGLIKOwOanHSra2ng4ZMoH2Rpk1QyrVWv8AyWaNNKshgLju/AmyUDTwxQJDq6gJckAN1+KOhwvCG9Av3o07vEnPz6vAchxL9xacyIQThUj+9A4zN1pEKzbjiB+/6YLP4KQHmFMnoPykYy1lKqRIijG9mcVPI9LeNm8LtnowqlZniczEs6geFprXZfspxgLlsHw6qFOt7aoCFeocMGTuDOSPBU1BOXt833TPZf2Zj4r5kDJsW3ipkC2a3ck612YhYkCPuAII9aiL6nwowwESNLq2KEjAoitViA3RCfSszEwq8PekcS9PqfDoGvb6zz6s2l9ZAN+USYHNyteKnAgwKgvkwuRG3gvtkoNT1D6skplKJklWnl1UQGWhVcokt2PREpekSoF47eHKAYI9AGbN+AA8FCxwMG2ayqLmZyVGOX4+DyyyMa0hWs6tNpAJ41OPnAuwQKKu3U6a5sWOPABVRc4tXo4rOc9Q6XFkRjQNPdPxcgDyN0jLGmI6qjeX04YhZ69Mo5/5VwppplFAzzwNgeC9LIwhlSpekYInQWWPzLev8uZwYnUlijJh8HgDBD55EiK4pOSLjRpM3XNhsf3d68GSd4Tpo9ZkABBVsuDHYTlsAVo01RHJ+AbooKhKPRJ4LQB0Tkf62rKU5Lg+FYECVXTyliUskGSuI2ecC8KCVTU5UqUmgK67qTEGZ5PFu7bkABIXApKpagGNw3uUr/owtWzX1bADeFcrUsMS6u4QaUgGxwHMHGOhW8i7FcJt7Mnr/IIC4Wi8mwS94/GNeAZoXI1UP4AMA4gKX9QA+BCCn1DyADwAIklTUA/gQgGkq5QF8CMBAM/ecAa6aLxxbgdBWV90B/EWPRwJ4Ek9sw8k2En/5Dt/gHkDHAI++XW0AcPn98+byQsLnAXQC8FWv17uYu1pNQIzzILH6OW5Y4JO9wfLXA7iysLDw6fj1/NLq+e7RVdy39cYIh0/2DtVf1IU/Lx1uvX+9chQ/W/7tX/0nwDwX/skyxgPoAfQAegA9gB5AD6AH0APoAfQAegA9gB5AD6AH0APoAfQAegA9gB5AD6AH0APoAfQAegA9gB5AD6AH0AHAzz4HB8CdjMaBz9HkvtlN7v4VoPcdbzbm7B9LbxJORifeLDkZ/nt8dpPH47MCOOfEAvHjHSej54+dGCy+tu1k9LcLJ5OfL80K4EdH/YG7752MPjt1FKfe/ulk9Ie/nIz+fDErgMuOrtHnm93omU6OL88KoHc8AODV0iW8jbtz2/a84OjoJfBd9k5tPS+8fNl7BX9t9ezJpHdz89BMThd37LnNRe8EgJPFoxe2bPWyt2p+5ssjA/TFd+BpXyXONm1d5Nrr78dg+ezLmy1bRJZ24j6wsvjvczujFzbPNs/BzuZbW6PBX735DRz0do8vbAF8/wecdnfx3eEjA/y6Cd5+B9/WwMaJnfPY2HplnMGruK2u6o+7IPESfD89/GJn9HYP9LbB2n/WjmwBPD7FE6vg9Pc/7PkOiJ8bLzD2bfoeF+DKpu/iNfh/e2fQ2iAMxXGUGR62XjzIvkGSg+dCQCH0IrkM0mOooNaDYCtYigx0lDK/9+xuu4zHKGywvEMO8gjyi+T/U5CoM3APJTxVvbhAgSMC8holLDTi/YrprgyICtoctqhouMo4YWCaN4IEeFxWVA9J+OA9cBS0yVfG7FF3rShX+eXEpw7TnVIhdR0ygeLN1oYo7VGnRQHpudBynhyB8yR527u651Q/PIWDIfQhLpFCkHrgs76cGS5zCuiWvXvATc7KKO6gC5CpeVwmZ1CkuO4+CIYOvjuk1WrM72iMLQvw/wAMoKi/XHhtlqHYWYDIALrJoCjcQ7rzoLnrcmyGVGfLaAHivgifXD1uBNlO64q2SQylA7zNgGQWIE5TKBymXNXkyYzPGzJA5cDhLMO9awHiAHK1PIFuRmKqqFIR+OZJ7V5WTm8B4qqWc1ld/CZSkI33E4/z2R2rdBNagD+s+P5GuPojv3tbD7QALUAL0AL8rA/BpyC6wGUA+AAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Axes Demo

![Using histograms to plot a cumulative
distribution](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using histograms to plot a cumulative distribution

![Some features of the histogram \(hist\)
function](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEyTk5Pb29uAgID39/f+/v8VcbEfd7T///+BgYEgebeVl5n7+/sPXJEbdbMYc7IXcrEZdLJcnMg1hbwWcbH5/P6bm5urzOOmyeG71ugTcbD8/PzQ4+/U1NSWv9y+2Okdd7Ubd7cZd7lHkMN0q9AgeLTi4uL+/v4ddrTw8PB6enp9fX2xsbHg4ODOzs7y8vLCwsKvzuTs7Oxub291dXW8vLyhoaG2trbV1dXd6/Rzc3L09PS5ubmPj4+pqalwcXCFtdeCg4KsrKz3+v3AwL/l5eWzs7OkpKR3d3f6+fn//v2YmZmWlpajx+DFxcU4h71ZWVna2trMzMwyg7ze3t6NutmFhYVEjcDS0tKSkpHm8PiampoVdrpKkcLZ2dmurq7q6ur69vPu7u729vaKiopjY2OIiIi+vr51d3ZUVFT/+O+Hh4cPcbb//fq10+d4rdKenp4TcrRXmsjKysrz+Pz4+fgNbK5fX18kd6//6dWSvdvo6OiMjYzm5ub/+vT/8uVAd5j/mTxPT0/D2+vReyvIyMj/kjIsd6peeodnZ2f/uHhJSUkXdLbG3e04d5+JuttsbGz/69oodqz+oEsyeKUVcbAme7b/9Or/27r/38LafSjGfDZpamr/xpH/79+xekP/nUT/vYJqeXyhelBWd4hOk8X+5tH/rmVOepP/ql7/wou9ezzX19f/2LTu9/z/tW/+z6T+pVX/1K3/y5oocqPb6vRrpc6dxN//5MtedX0hcqqqfU+Femj7/v8IV4/P4vDW5/MtgbuIdl4SX5SUelo9PT2r0Oq72e4+jMK+0t+y0efPgTnGzdF+d2eYssGkjXNfn83L3elzrdWiy+gkaJgadrWBstPmiTSnnY3c5eqnt76rw9JKf6Da1Mp5enD5lDm2wsmPl55pkalrdXJensldncl/n7fCg0fgyK/Vm2Rim8K9qZPZu55EXWg8hrcddrXA3vNQjbaMp7u6oISYcETL19/0xp44f6/orXWfgmHS1dnkoWKFnasZXYoYGBiGprq7l0bQAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAFnpJREFUeNrs3H1sE+cZAHBiG+7xZMWBdKHNldZxGx/+iH1zfHbqT8XEHxenxgHPOA1NLDtOYkJYQhpMiU2CwYWQNjPQFQjZFgqiFNJtQEEDWsGqZmunVZuGtkmdJk37+GPSNPWP/T3tzuEjSRNiQomP8D5/JKfz44vy0/Pc+9579i1bdjcARa6xbNZALggQASJABIgCAT4RgHiIyDVVK0OA06K5CsJd2gDObNLk/OkyXwkBa1Qgb1Do6dkSTAldCKDHrcdxl9s7W4aortIPdEChTC4JQB0FoZiAByZvMDhhDoNaDSBP+5Pg5wX9ZB+I/Dw1EaxnU8PeJCSifgCDWxS1qNuriWzd9oVAprl7PI19qAr6fGTGQI16Y3232cl08G5GrypFgjyV9vcuCUCFUtUYS0ZFNmWieSKQrItGLaa4O+UmJjL6uo64QzOh8I0GUuMMlE8XCxqHKABz9XiKoRqKBNLMEQIGyKjBpLLb7TXsEUfXANUONXwlBXxD9m+QPt3/AkAbmAwzW+puEjSx0WrT0gDUuSwMIO3r6tPECToVNvmco2BtJ1IVTKv6mk0pkzcGCT2AXQFdFnMCWEBvnGnFlIMXBiAyFYKonAG0Wq1t7BEH14CKD2qd0QsWF7uDiKthkMcAMhkGFlBHAp7scxcsDcAaCMWTUVzr8ZnjuCkmwONWHRgUuC8S9KmiLpMP99qgoAvA1QH2VmcrCyj0DxEQGpJnT3pRwh9l6lHf2NioYndk6qHGCOaA0AAKc7b1YyKBTwu9VibDKmIrkC1cMLQvjXOgAWQxR9xkpeJ2n1VjbLFUJlPWuI6ImdI+85DLFMPJQUh4AMZTVh/ZLGT/dTfhVhhGPeCqYs5vE82ZGA2RGooy9zB1aZ6wJOU+a5RMx62+sMZKAB0rUVqYMcpLUZSXqUBySFihdTl9qiUBSPpB49SYcZXFQKQTDlOjJwxVjYEA4ezFVSXOcVpFOCjYwI4BPQkKxtni8ZNA25UTIVDxAKhMo9N6b0CmG1tamoBnYWqPsjSBd5AZaJoSqinTJELf0qKO6C3U0p1IW7t8NfNntfmzv+r090vyL8K0kXuAauuG3JObkpDneChAUUTwzQcOeO7JIlqQn4gI8IcHJIx84ZMa1bqShweklU/wIgKv4RsA5BNPMGABAkSACBABIkAE+IQDrmPi2whw4X6vFq/feAUBLhxwo7hwxfbHANDR2kUDkMIaaA44CX2ri+YIYHEhJl71GADyKYsKQpmqjENWMRga9bCLSbgAAeYKiFfSXgsEq6FDLVfaaEOJLQS0RxlFgDkCErawwQP1blBUQa9CDSD0ogp8oBZWtRuDdYIOZcDUaFE49Am3Fp0DH2wUrtAC07U8Ghz1EUjWCwABLo1pDAJEgAgQASJABIgAESACRIAI8MGDQIALj+e2r1q1/Z21CHCh8eIOsViMYQhwwYBPYdlAgAgQAT7egP9AgA8FuHbjlStXfreX24AiMsj8DJn7IGiQgYnycwgQW1tUVLTjZW4DlrToNoBJ5zFq2pwZbUddJfv5d1zIDUA2VjzNaUCiUlBTAFVKEAYFLqPfBno7ECGZAgHmfl+YbIAqPgTUkFakdeCyAq1vjSLAXFvY0sU3G7Q2VWWITFeO8+22JnYvauGcAU3WNpoEv54HZn0QQvoeLg0ijwMgl6cxCBABIkAEiAARIAJEgAgQASJABIgAHyvAMqlUIimTzAp4c9dzz+16CQHODdgtKR8+cPrw4YHDmyWzAD69o7R0xzMIcM74/YflB0ZOnB84O3Lio/3dt772+uoVGFb0PAKcK/r/te/s/mGme7GdB64PDNQgwAeLo2PXBzBJGTuASKRS6dU/netEgLnH7mO7D73YPWUU7v5y7CQCzDkOjb3XOWMac2vLof7XuQso72IfgbamLghOTxAMHrson4D9e9h+/do88PgbFzkGiON30lut1RSEK6lMsqZn0DRYkn2sab5uKnVuOTb7RPrYG8e4BRhWuiafjjb5ddc12duafTba1aKUAx4kjXkB7L/wo7muRD74gGMtLG9OZdTA3lg3tdXBuBL4VWElW31CL4gM+kw+APvHDnbOeSlHXDrEJUBaJUy0GSuYLVe1Lq3XKCxujU9hltu7MtnKrM4H4MGf1s59LVx7bk8/hwC1XX2g0bIPDCY28IAHcq+c6PGme8dJ7aKPwnt/vS0bn/M677uYcPDI59u2Pf8xJwAJdYmmIsCRacxnO55iYuvf//v9+6/GdP77B1tLf7GOE4B05ZBCZ+YI4AsrGaaygZHT8wAu/+rqgc3F3AAMh0h10MEhQInkx59s/e4864FfXR0Z3sgNQLWsoTWh4hIgNrBzxXyAb3V/ev4/3ACEyHi4tYo7gNJ3P5VK7gF+bw5A8f6PuALI87g8HZwBLHt75F0pNgl4Y+/evf8UzwEo2Xz2dY5ciegUjgbuAJ66LsVuA24qFYsLsTkAManxSCc3rkRkXnWQK4Bi6YHhsjuAr67Epsc0wD9sPPJDTgDK3YFAM1cAr7WXs8unuQAWrj/+Xi0XAGUJ7qwHfvbJ+XJJroDF6zq3cKICfUa3ixuAH/9t5KwUyx0Q3j/2y/wDEhVeWZIbgETDF1JsPsDlN288++zLK7OAF8f+3D0FsPYnzEs3XltkQFN1nFfCDcCjm97E5gVcVywuLGQGZxaw9v3fbp5agd8pLSwsfWaRAf0NDTw+JwB3j0028DyA6yenNiwg9H+5dRog29CLDUgXDI1SnAA8d+GFlQ8ICL+x5RswEgql1QIuAB7dc2YBgPtOS/MLSNpSmVgLFwBrz8B8gKvZQWQa4C3biZ3deQUk/K3gWPQF1VcuX7780vJpu85cgvkAi3Yxb7tZPBVw9bVTw/kFBLmuQDg5Cvv5BUwvmxUGvITvBLVCz97wFD0SwFUryycB7tXfhZPzAmJYORO3N28Drih7+1p+AUFLpSeNlOk6OyQz/soKXmgwaatXpgF6NcpHAliEzQC8uGdLDoBT4i7gqS9+lV/AO4Hb7jwGeQOolTId2F1AN/IfydddV4lnAl66CAsDlJ7e15TfaUzfnesAW8jZKOK1g4I3rgibMniB4dG18EzAo52wQEBMeupkfs+Bytb05DTGbNSN1/Va3C2RlK4r4mpXyB/ZIDITcPeRny8YsOzDv+S5hakhX/ZzRBDSgAbwJA4hhwOHZC8sGuClI9MqsOiPrzCxKTdA7M2//ozJXp4vwIhF6exr8S/uNGYG4JY9x2EqIFb+DhPlWG6AZcMjZ7+1/rV8AYadTCIt+j93dwLU1JkHAHwAzfcpksCiCCj6khqIIRzKabgSNEICDitSLtNiERWzUIkWTFSukUtKaTlaQOSSS+5DLHjhOR616vawtVurtd3dzrbbcbo7u9u9Zve9l4CoTFsk73sv+Q/D5At58Pjle/nu99EKqBhTPAkoIAL8QkCgvNxks4kuwCWi8GgfIeqK9JOAuYMTPdI24BfHFEBu9eli+gC3H4k066UXsKVLMStAPCppA4xZHSpKKqQVsKJIO7scCDB+U0k/TYDOHn6ipD20AvZN1uOeOwfybt6gKwdGb08wC/KjEzA9RzFrQKzycC1NgPsLo6P3mNMJWDoIZw0IeCUVdOVAN6mFaxiNgBVFFQYAZG/q6KCpR1ou8yn0oA9Q0VkKDQB4J+rveGOGnpaIhdQ7lMYcWJsLDZIDtzYP0wMoS4FbpLQBnq17ZRGx8+PaszMH7McPs58E7B/sXLuYBsBCi9e998bSBvjF4Xu2UXhcGJ0pIOATB14QTKZs/0GmUAOu7nXu9ZfRBajovKhkE+H44owBAXHc4wYzu6y8VYPR0Z0VfGhvJF2AuZ+Wk4tZwdv7Zg74VGCagqNKGgDdYud5JtB2CX+u/wwzACBQHi2oxNADZgdneG+nCXCsZbEBAYHmTDGXhkt4jixQVw/cGEqsTVrn4xLg5w4DRKEvUw7Y1X3FkIAYL0+DTQc4Fw/KADMTxN6eZFb0ChNmQj/p9uDkA2LovzOQnPTmMo8ywEV1RSqD5kCA9dxXTgNoHxUXd+08ZZdwLJSRs7N2JMBUZyj1zw6HbhZQFu4aCOES595wCgGHoWEBeSUFxepnAfdl2dhYn6MIMD5oZ4I4dgIwWw84jxhiOrIAyoODDlEFGJWrggYGBKAnNe1ZwGWOeC1nKVUdqn7rROv99Zewa6F7oDQlONN3p7/Mz0630FVKEeAd26FBgwNyy6fLgZQCQhgaLnxZX4gku8VATx8XD1HwnmRR4FZKCxFe2wMKcqCy5OSriAHdhPJeV/TVGAxrOg4ND4h/Cv4NMeDqcL8IGirSGDfvh/b29ih9W0xgiyfa3xHMFhDjNnUjBvTwy0jKRA+IV3rLOFOWcrHxBGfWfgCUHfsRMaAs1mPOVuSAaWSzi4qwdlChBZzzlpfYFzngKbLhT0WUfVnViBRwnbAwU44acLeu64mSHHh1oBQlYLJ4fepP/Q5qAL8d4VLkhwM2Thmmoh5Q5h1/yAf5sOZfW3mAKkAHOJaDEHBrUErsb1DfM0H1oI1KQNhXgbIl8tNBCWBDExdQCdjSZeKA2q/KKAWsKaozacDh3N9yKAWExxtMGVBb1Eg1IEzPMUXAfmJ7R3tFVwvRG0MtYMdQjgkCJgrets76UNVVQz1getVxUwR8RwAWriCmA1IOCOuKakwTUCkdQAIIa9NNEhCrLBiGSABhXyNqwB0p/hDOyYgISDYTQZf1B9woAOTdHFJQDDixCXFpJ2JA85BCrwAYFhEW6RHsDaOFnt7E6psFhgVU5t2C1AKy/7Br1woiF9ZM3i8ZEWBgJBS6QYve/anQzRX6iqB4i4GXu+KA90c+pBgQcBYuzJIQf2SwBS2g5wEozoax7m5CYlw4NAx6rTTwguvE+SWHqQecXO0JFSqkgMmpsUHrPKO9w308tr++IztkHjnpzaCXcHFBatoudIC5+r5pVIVIcvyClckwxhxmxsfHwC3xSwxeiNxr5bMQAioGOhUmVY1ZXf0IW4gQEKryx0wG0F4ikfz7jBIgBByVSP5zy2QA27PSThZUc1ECxmWx0koGTQVwN0dTT4xkIgR8iQO4x4iVoCYCCPKINfxoAW1e6K7KMRHAtss8DD1gXE63yjQAvy1IJQfi0ACSc73aCUAItbkmAfinJt1QOhJAm93L8LBlk4ANQ8tYxg84965+RQ0SQGDjiIcAkIA5VbfLjB4wd3C3foM4NICTkHHE+Mg3Gq6RAyq6BnZzaANU7BupxIwbsKE5h0ZAuO9iK8/IAcfgk4C/Rwq4bORwapnxASZusLffQOydrKrTVaT1BaQ9HnFspIBpbfWV54wO0CGLxcqyxx+QnUoTgIDNwgOR3wQgC6uuNL4cuNyavO+uoju/ZkoORBt6QEegvFlqtIClHZB+QG71pw0KYwS8UtEx2ZlAJyDgRTdrqQbsFaYEQCjyDoU+Yl8YZJEhn9WYCAGo/jxff1+iX9EIOEq0hc+rclQUAwrd7YKhzGt/iFNItnCjV8JGCF08trjOAhCrvFGqgGuIDR9RlbtPDRJHETtNvou/eexlr/o0u+Nn8t55qgAnb4OcEiyFET7RorecoTxDuu35ATFl3o/peAYgNnwUAFpCQOw1Sa7A47DUF+tH1AuzPqEsB4plSXZbY7wXhBeK5dJC4sbccDYr1perNfdHruAPNrAAIwLDWs8ouSwJZYCeIUJzM3mkOGGJrzglYLNFrMcsC5HT9acWMwgQAH7lsWo1dYDQQw4zIUwmhohdYEDyLEvhq5fri9XMAsR4l+tPSYylGuNwsprHYhYgwPine24xF7D/IB6Jusc5nd8pMcA0QIBpLv7uqTNlDqCLQxaHk7WYfNxY1XmdA5gHCLC0T0rH4EFH/ExHGZcDHYi2xypdB1ap4qo1EwEBS3K8qO8N4s3dwFzAWmKC8nKmAsK+qveVXAYD5rSQc0OZCwhVH3xdrWQgoK77AHbrpuUtn8iP9owDhB+0Hi5xRA+YeG7p0qVrp33Z2fP4j0Y5gGfznVa3uQoJaP0i/rTEmnGAb6iPFuR9hBxQ4shms09M+7LXLhAbNmLYsZ4H2in58am7TDIHkMOr1tytRQ7IAgL+mukBN7EBlwc0TRevT72gGRh6QMAtu5vfpWUSILf4TFOlJm2VkQAC1keq0oZ0FVMALyhLCnraAMYyHkC8EFFo80srFAwAnNvxz7y8Now3WZHG46ARAML0joF8bXo6LYD9J3Rxfg1sHCo6Xc4j5/+RgC5r8OftOYwEtF6Bn9tim4mWSOIJ88/+3NxQcYLYjwQS5/0aKkCJNZ/L4/LLj37TpxpefeGO/g1eRX4iCvh8wNTQby9JAi6KEsyfX3yyqf7ULa0Cnr3G5k+9hSi1gG86Piovyauu77ndqCuFpwKyAeNDD2hDdBPyistu5ze3yONseGmUAmKP9ICK3Lr/jfQU1B/lVqtfgMYMqDtTzHFUVXs883bB6a+vPzdgQDCx07W570bo7BsPt/jueRaQr+F/NjbcUJHbnF91gN1WzucCLuclEwAEjkTn1tkf2s5cfn7AoAxXT7gyROS1PzXJS+YaGkLeGfTxTg+KwKaeG/e+GOoa0EJtjeJNNY83H4877cSJbMLmk6F+j0jZ6lNMDjUxbwdee6RPkUXKNaVSefWxSMzMhjW95J4J0MkCxopcYWRYOAwLhkvMo7e5x+vDKWjn99//90v3+H854V/+X41bWV26ZGU1Xo7/7P2PrXQx/henKanp4pLVjOMSFceM/xE/U/ePx6ek/PHU+C2niX84XpQyE0AXrznrzGCvK5T6CaFZaCr0DYXyJDszu8mwfPjwoeVkKsLS0m5bKv6dfMpyIjY/kXo2Nv9aGmE5s4hw3Ws3w0MsN3sd2fxzv/aJM/1/u+bTqigUh2G0Fido3ebQ1jBNpasVelKKayWJlIgowU1u/2kTxNDCaRO0iDZ9gPkIfciRYWYxi+GeMwMOM5yzE3l48YHfOS9qduXuxj8e4PsjXolGuLLcKiY/Gqu84FrNvfvCfXjEmEfyj00MR4x0DuQxWpsYKZd+cQNTYPk1glWQoBTwiAOGFnwcGZHLANd3YiT1f+PXtDdixHn9M4F0gZwFXoc2QP0FCeK3nllRYgnGCok1OBDLJEHPVuqIwzNRkD+Us7GfAql1zk3gpj5oaoWZS4AED+XBZUWJxyaK7QmcL2NTKc0YXCa6afxgoPIEQbXrpAqku3m25qqTl0D1VvC6vqxDfORd7+2lEIQke5rlFAK7sPQdq4yLVFB28AgRUVDYSV1T1CpA5fISqG84gbkSCewUnqNNCHoSSQzosVypeyxa2EGHDQjqSbVHEhQ25l9ON3EGdDsvgUjomv523SJA3h59yx6NdQObgOiO2kKp7Y/wg9iVEN3dq7Edq9hB0i5OEtdNLLcAcztEfA8CSYEkyBSds6KU4ANQQQo8ZoWWIChAiNWQ962RYe+bCMkgSUEDybTG/DM1hgqk6z8V6LDcTxseXFCBRP7CmGnYncW0Cc6SAVLWVANDsqlA3GWcPFm6fF65lqwxpeLOXU48IdaoQPw3KbF+WMMbqAfm+hI8HCkGzPpIBWKPcLW51rufXmp1byVdnpYT1flAOxlUIG55Hu5bVa1s1sTEjMdp33GYfn+9gVQgrTFUIBVIBVKBVCAVSAVSgX9L4FfhQJQs+PyyOAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Some features of the histogram (hist) function

![The histogram \(hist\) function with multiple data
sets](data:image/png;base64,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)

The histogram (hist) function with multiple data sets

![Placing text
boxes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Placing text boxes

![Simple axes
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple axes labels

![Bayesian Methods for Hackers style
sheet](data:image/png;base64,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)

Bayesian Methods for Hackers style sheet

![Scatter Histogram \(Locatable
Axes\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Histogram (Locatable Axes)

![Animated
histogram](data:image/gif;base64,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)

Animated histogram

![Frontpage histogram
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frontpage histogram example

![MRI With
EEG](data:image/png;base64,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)

MRI With EEG

![Basic
Usage](data:image/png;base64,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)

Basic Usage

![Artist
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Artist tutorial

![Path
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Path Tutorial

![Transformations
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Transformations Tutorial

![hist\(x\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

hist(x)

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.Axes.hist.html

