# matplotlib.pyplot.figure

matplotlib.pyplot.figure(num=None, figsize=None, dpi=None, facecolor=None,
edgecolor=None, frameon=True, FigureClass=<class 'matplotlib.figure.Figure'>,
clear=False, **kwargs)[source]

    
Create a new figure, or activate an existing figure.

Parameters

    
numint or str or `Figure`, optional

    
A unique identifier for the figure.

If a figure with that identifier already exists, this figure is made active
and returned. An integer refers to the `Figure.number` attribute, a string
refers to the figure label.

If there is no figure with the identifier or num is not given, a new figure is
created, made active and returned. If num is an int, it will be used for the
`Figure.number` attribute, otherwise, an auto-generated integer value is used
(starting at 1 and incremented for each new figure). If num is a string, the
figure label and the window title is set to this value.

figsize(float, float), default: `rcParams["figure.figsize"]` (default: `[6.4,
4.8]`)

    
Width, height in inches.

dpifloat, default: `rcParams["figure.dpi"]` (default: `100.0`)

    
The resolution of the figure in dots-per-inch.

facecolorcolor, default: `rcParams["figure.facecolor"]` (default: `'white'`)

    
The background color.

edgecolorcolor, default: `rcParams["figure.edgecolor"]` (default: `'white'`)

    
The border color.

frameonbool, default: True

    
If False, suppress drawing the figure frame.

FigureClasssubclass of `Figure`

    
Optionally use a custom `Figure` instance.

clearbool, default: False

    
If True and the figure already exists, then it is cleared.

tight_layoutbool or dict, default: `rcParams["figure.autolayout"]` (default:
`False`)

    
If `False` use subplotpars. If `True` adjust subplot parameters using
`tight_layout` with default padding. When providing a dict containing the keys
`pad`, `w_pad`, `h_pad`, and `rect`, the default `tight_layout` paddings will
be overridden.

constrained_layoutbool, default: `rcParams["figure.constrained_layout.use"]`
(default: `False`)

    
If `True` use constrained layout to adjust positioning of plot elements. Like
`tight_layout`, but designed to be more flexible. See Constrained Layout Guide
for examples. (Note: does not work with `add_subplot` or `subplot2grid`.)

**kwargs : optional

    
See `Figure` for other possible arguments.

Returns

    
`Figure`

    
The `Figure` instance returned will also be passed to new_figure_manager in
the backends, which allows to hook custom `Figure` classes into the pyplot
interface. Additional kwargs will be passed to the `Figure` init function.

#### Notes

If you are creating many figures, make sure you explicitly call `pyplot.close`
on the figures you are not using, because this will enable pyplot to properly
clean up the memory.

`rcParams` defines the default values, which can be modified in the
matplotlibrc file.

## Examples using `matplotlib.pyplot.figure`

![Curve with error
band](data:image/png;base64,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)

Curve with error band

![Errorbar limit
selection](data:image/png;base64,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)

Errorbar limit selection

![EventCollection
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

EventCollection Demo

![Filled
polygon](data:image/png;base64,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)

Filled polygon

![Linestyles](data:image/png;base64,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)

Linestyles

![Markevery
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Markevery Demo

![prop_cycle property markevery in
rcParams](data:image/png;base64,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)

prop_cycle property markevery in rcParams

![Psd
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Psd Demo

![Scatter plot with
histograms](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter plot with histograms

![Barcode](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgAgMAAAAPlVdjAAAACVBMVEX///8AAAD///9+749PAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAIJJREFUeNrtzLEVwzAMQ0EvSRccQftoBBXElC6SrJDC736HAnddkiRJL+qe3lVTndw5a2eqVqZPJd+9UtNnVZK9qnqvVJ/KVGd//jm/PxAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBP4blCRJelEPp2jSjxqjbakAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Barcode

![Figimage
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figimage Demo

![Layer
Images](data:image/png;base64,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)

Layer Images

![Streamplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Streamplot

![Aligning
Labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Aligning Labels

![Axes Zoom
Effect](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Zoom Effect

![Custom Figure
subclasses](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom Figure subclasses

![Resizing axes with constrained
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with constrained layout

![Resizing axes with tight
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Resizing axes with tight layout

![Geographic
Projections](data:image/png;base64,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)

Geographic Projections

![Using Gridspec to make multi-column/row subplot
layouts](data:image/png;base64,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)

Using Gridspec to make multi-column/row subplot layouts

![Nested
Gridspecs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Nested Gridspecs

![Managing multiple figures in
pyplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Managing multiple figures in pyplot

![Figure
subfigures](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure subfigures

![Creating multiple subplots using
``plt.subplots``](data:image/png;base64,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)

Creating multiple subplots using plt.subplots

![Polar
Legend](data:image/png;base64,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)

Polar Legend

![Scatter plot on polar
axis](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAYAAABy+7/wAAC0U0lEQVR42uydBXxU19bFebVHoUDdjZYKxd1jQPFStLiV4hA0uLu7FAnuVtzd3ZLMxBMSkpAQd5v1rX0mEyYhMqH0fa99d/M7jN+ZuZP7v2vts885+QDks7BpoYUWWvwdwlKm5csHDYBaaKGFBkANgFpooYUGQA2AWmihhQZADYBaaKGFBkANgFpooYUGQC200EILDYBaaKGFFhoAtdBCCy00AGqhhRZaaADUQgsttNAAqIUWWmihAVALLbTQQgOgFlpooYUGQC20AAIDA/Hw4cP02z4+PggLC1PXU1NT4e/vj5SUFG1HaaEBUIt/Vly+fBmjRo3CxIkTcfr0afzxxx8YMWIEBg8ejICAABw7dgzDhw/H0aNHtZ2lhQZALf5ZsWDBAhw+fBienp7o2LEjBg4ciPj4eOzduxebN2/GlStXFAAvXbqk7SwtNABq8c8KLy8vjBs3DmPGjEGzZs1gb2+v7hc1uHTpUnU9KSlJ21FaaADU4p8XcXFxePToEbZv367U4Pjx43Hx4kXMmjULR44c0XaQFhoAtfjnhsBv7ty5WLZsmYKhn58fpk2bhnXr1iE5OVnbQVpoANRCCy200ACohRZaaKEBUAsttNBCA6AWWmihhQZALbTQQgsNgFpooYUWGgC1+G+KxMREREdHIyQkBO7u7rh58ybOnTuH48ePY//+/dixY4ca+bFp0yZs2LBBXW7duhV79uxRI0WkMFqGzT148ECNDY6IiFBlMwaDQdu5WmgA1OK/IxISEtTkBgK4gwcPYvXq1Zg9ezZmzpyJ6dOnq7Zo0SKsX78eu3buwsEDh3Di+EnC8LwCnDQBnwyBk4LoU6dOKQDK0Di5//fff1fbk1rBGTNmqO0uXrwY27Ztw9mzZxVcBY5aaKEBUIu/PGTWljt37qiRHFLQPHXqVDWKw9HRUY3kkMdkUoOoqKhsCptT2TKqOA8Pj9zfmC9JiEvCk5BQBb3z588rFblw4UIFWQHkypUrFUBlphmtqFoDoAZALf50JMenQPfAFdu2bMOcGfMwfcoMpcoENDKNVUxMTC5bSEWQwQlXkpbhYMIQ7Irrjj0xfXAyagZ0kWcQGR6F+3cfIDIyii1S2ebY2FgkxCchORFISolHPAIQCy9e+pODsc+8g4wdfvLkCW7fvq2gOGfOHEyaNEmNLZbPKQpVCw2AGgC1sCjiohJw/dINzF02Cx0nNEedxSXR4HQxTAvshYAUn+w4p3J04eHhCAoKgv/DQOg87+KU60Zs0Q/DWtce2ODRGxs9+2CDZy+s8+6O9T7dsda7Kw5cXQdPb3f4ePvCy8sb3p7+uO9xFhfcV+CsfhGO6yfikPsAHPUegLP+o/HgyUaERlPlJWafDxSI3r9/X9noKVOmKJUo+UWZhUYLDYAaALXI6DCTgLs372HuktloPb4B6jmWQKvbZdAjoSrsYcNmjW4ojd6ohp2GeTgWtxpHQtbi3MP9OOt2CFd0Z+Hj4Qs/X38EB4ZAF34Wq2PrYUVidTim2sERtmw2bNZsVqqtQS2sZtug74+jGEKGJqjP4oMtOImaOIJyOGGogZPJtXEivhGORzXD0ZBfcMi/Ew559cBZ1wVw1t+Dt5evst2SC8zO+kpHiuQWJYcoQNy3b5+mDDUAagD8X48A3yCs27AWHce1QP2lZdDyTmn0SqqOgQSWgK8fATWA1wfH18fgx40wyKsJhuqbY7x7e8zw74yJYc3gEF8TIw1W2IFJiEYo4vAYG/AjfkelNOjl0AjHrboRWIJSOIUx0GEWDqMkThCAp/i+p/gcY7Nms2Krld6O8DWXk3ogLCoIjx8/hre3N3Q6Hdzc3NJ7jrOaWVomZJCJWCdPnqyAKHMPSq+1FhoANQD+D4RA4drVa5g+axrqTa2IxieL47fIKoSeTTr07A22GB79M6b69cQM1/4Y7dYBff1t0TGyBJomv4+GKIRBqIjRBJO0kfIalMEU/IStaEv4VTRTfTkDcAsB6Ag7LMAX1H5FcSYD+HJqtoRgSThj6lMlazAoKy7lNzL3oF6vV5eSI8xqnkHpUJHOE5mjUDp2goODtT8QDYAaAP+JISUrJ0+exIQJE7By6Wos0I9AF6qoQQRJf6X0bOAQ+xOm+PXAPL0DZnsMhkPwz2ie8DGB9wYasAn4GqGIut4Gn1Kz2RCAxjaGEHPg9kYhP5ajMtbCzkIFOJJWuDpmc9tL8D7tr7WFALRRzxWr/ATXsoW9dK5Iz7DAUHqcQ0NDn7HKkrs8cOCAAqF08jx86Kf9wWgA1AD4TwiZct50cK9duxaBAYFIRTKB1Rw9CarBSfUwIagz5roOw2y3IRj/uCOGJNVHH0LpJ7ytYNcYb2ZqRQjDwhiMKtyObRoE7Xi9GC9fpxn+EGtUvs/WAgCOwlJ8RwAWVBA8QOt8Og8q8Cgq4DaG5p7npDqU8hzpvRarLJZZep3NIykpGefOXcGkSROxaOEseHg+1P6ANABq8Xe1ujLyQqafl5EWonxM4Yn76B9rh+k+fTGfFlRU39D4RlSC1kYLTLB0wg+EX8Es4Gds9flYT5TAONRR6s/YPsJYgnEUH1uE0rmrwLQc4AJ8gDl83Uy+bjtt7Rm+znIVKPlCOyTB8oJoWX1O9ofkC11dXZVlTklVCGQ7jtT433D9fDFMHlcRS5bMRUDAE+0PSgOgFn+XuHr1qlJ8kt/KnNeKjorBWfejmKbvi7Gh7WBPCAn0BH5ig02tGaHUiFDKCn5y/49Ueq3wLl9bHANRFsOpGMfiPQXA0VRyU/CJBQqwNjbrhmIeleZcqsqZVJubqAbzAkDpIDlOJRqOB8+1ryRn6OPrDxfnWwjwnYXkiAq8ky3Jmpe1cPFESYwdZYU1a1bRKsdof1waALX4bw3JdcnIjHnz5mVYe1dCekVF7Xi7+2Bf5Bp0QzlCzyoD9AaojhBbZX+NoCuSAXwNFfj+Tc33MhH1Em+/irYqH/gG2vG5QwlFAeBYXh9HqEmZS+4AHEz4vakAOIMKcDO+zyMAbXCMtjkEV//EnvNFYmQz+Hm0hfO9kfDz7IGkyLoKgEiyRXJUTRz+ozhGODTCkaMntT80DYBa/DeFdHCIzRW7e+PGjYyKLzpaWT3pADDlvC7gD3ShRRXYZQXAHgRKZvUndljAV4fgq4NXiKiXeX9+dOBj7dkEgP3wGhz4+CgUoAp8Ayu4nbWq5q9mWv2ftRF8BipDA+1xSl1scRmGeYb3MNfwFhVgIexGGQLQJq3cpWbapVVaKYx1lgrwmFKA959v5xniYIjtBMSUU8BLjqyDAO9ucL47Sl2mRNkB8QRhsi3Cg6pg5ZIfMGlif+j1XtofngZALf6/Q0Y8CPh27dqVoZ5NOj8EeqL6pCfUPNxwB91R4Rn4ZQdA6QU2gc/UbHn7Zyq+9gRfW4LrFwLyNwJxZMq/MSr+XUyJLA7HJ62wKfBXbPLtjc2e9tjsMRBb3AexDcYWtyHY4joMOy8tgqNbJ6x2+wWr3X/BAY/+OOI5EEe8+uOo/284FtwJx8N/wYmYpjiZ9CNOGWzN6gGtcBI1VGdIEhH4XPxLXA9DdCkYYmzZbNiM1lcUoJ9HT7hQEQb7dTDeH2+tQKi7UxYTxlTC+nXruM9TtT9CDYBa/H+oPpmEQMa9So+mKSTBL4XALi4uGTo+MuS9EI3haILetLoDMqlAcwssvb1ig+sSeLWV+hPr+y8+I59q7VLexW9xX8H+SSWMfNgAkwmwBa6tMN+tOeZ6N8D6R12xMbgz1oe3xjoCbF18Y6xLaIi1SfWxNvlHrE2sh63OY7A8uQxmJb3F2yVxOv4nnIz7CSeiWuD4kw44FtgdRx/2VlA8TGAedhtKOA7g/V1wIrIFjibWwG3D0OfbiYZYgu0nArBaGvyeNsQKCGsiIbw+vPRUfA+GISqkaZottkFyTE3s3FQcY0Z1hpOTTvuD1ACohSmk6NbX1zddeQmIzJWY5ONMtlR6a03QkktLQmraRPXJtFHmr5HZWgR8lmxrL5ajM0plaYPNO0HqU+WZgFfX8Cqax36M7gFVMdy9BSa7dsBEtzYY4VcfA0Ir4te4ouid8iZtcD4MYVuIH2iBnw5/M1pgs0Y1J3WAK2lh51Bl/sHnH8B32INPaYU/4u3PcQjFqfKq4bTYYD7/ZGJ9HI9qrgAoKvGAWx/cdj0OXx9f9f3ztLB68jXCr/wz8HsWhLUQ+bg5dPeHw5vvJzYZ8VZAih08nL7DhLHNsGXLjixHnuQWUpojzVyxS8eMhAzxk/u10AD4twoZfdC3b181TZOEjEOVtXCHDh2qhm3JEKyxY8em21YpVxkxYoSaUy+3kJo+gZ/5NFJS2CvvKVA1HTy5RTQt40iaWLG79s+oQDt0xPeqw6NBagG0iSiGfr51MFL/C4a4/4xfAyuja9yX6EgF2I72tw3tr9jgdgRme5ULfIXbfgXT8EmOpTBrVSeIA5aiDDahKLaiALZwW1u5LWlbCMUtqjTmbRxEyUzD4qxwmHB8YJiooBceFq5q/OTkICM8ZFKG3OBhSNxIAJY2s785gdBKXQb6dIHz3ZEIC2xNMBKCCRWQEj8HGzduU8Pr5Pe1NGTShi5duqjia/nte/Xqxe1sVCNXpFZR/iZWrVqlHVAaAP9eIUW3MpuxHBAmQMl0TYMHD1aLgcskoXJdJvaUg1cmAx0+fLia5y5bYEVHq95d06Li5qrP2dk5TweeKVxxi3a3hiqINkLQOm38rw0con7CYJ/GGKlrA3va2fahxdEguRAfyYef8CpBZ4Rd+7ROEFNrQ3B1w/sYS/U2gY+vUMPiTEXRT9tq1MTy1ErYqOuPzVR9h6kC9xCCArxtfN02bsvUtvK9thCO+1AsbYywtRozfA2/IRlRz+x7maZLxvyKmpKTgpQCZaUMDYnzCcByFgEwHYRUg3FhDeHqNBRergOoBitT8g9X25MOKIGWTPCaW4hCl9lqZIJXmRX7xIkT6Nmzp4Kh/NYyc83IkSPV34gWGgD/duHk5KQmDDUBcPfu3Rg4cKBSJ/IHLmf5iRMnquFpJtucXUhJy6hRo5RSND+AxGbLQS75wOcNF2LEgWa3G8piYFJtTAzsivn64ZjrPgQOoT+jfsrrCnrSJA/YjIDqkAl6pmZSgSMI1Al8xQSUo3prh995W1TecpRXTa6vJchOpo7FYd0kBb/jVIrH+Jp9VJ7buI2tCoSFzUBYhBB8nRb5Wz6vIpwwhfCLtkhlyUlHFJWoZLGbTwG4hAAsmycAmtSgNFGDTnfsERU6N32bUlQtJ76dO3fm+LlkEoY+ffpgwYIF6lJOZNKkN3/JkiXpfzdaaAD824X84QqsBHiS75NOCgGedFiIHZYDUhSKFCvLmT+nuH79ulKHkttL78SgApQDWrbxIiIwzg+/+0zGEpfxGOXfBr0SahCIZdRoELHBUvNXn5a2NQHXAW9lCT+pBZTHHFABE/mKsaiOmWiKBMQiDJ5Um4dwG+twDxvhgwuIQTAepZ7Aft1AAs1WwU+agPAwqmIvvsYOvKfU31Zu2wjDt9T9j3H+uVS5AEZOQHLSeBIaDkPSPoKsVJ7gl1kNxoTUgcv9DQgMfJIhB7xixQql9LOz4fLbSTpDToJig+VkJvfJcEUTALXQAPi3DJlrTiYdkJyfgFAm45R8oNgZyfnJH77MSyczkOSk/GTaJjlARFWYQjpUxPJmLm15nhCrKKrIXe+B+JAkRKeG4zoxtAuLsAkzsJ8GdgIa0h6XRA9aWlF3Uu4isBO115a3jaqvCG30l4ReTUyiTpxAoI1AJdrcPjm+/5XUXviDFtgcgMZmq0B4FFY4gmoKiHIptw9SVQbhzJ/63nIC8fZ+CJ3LWTz2bYnUaFsFs+eCYExZpCRd5X70V3A1V22yANT48eMz/H6ZQ/KWogZv3bqlHINYYHOVqoUGwP/JWLduHebPn58BkNK7K0n+PPV0ZhGiSkzTRUWGRSHFkIIbVGWLMBnDqP36E2nj+f8OKraNvDaSlnMiwTaSVtWeqrA3VVh3fJpmhQujC94hAD/lK77BcPVcWwxFaVzF7mw/QwKe4HhqPRzQDc0EP5tnYPi02RGA5Wl/Z7+QfSypA1/PxXC5a48Qv/ZpNYBWFsJPbHNlGGLbwjiGGCoPK0rdPEcreUFR8KLwtNAAqEUuIaUUsp6Fee+f5Puk11fUwp9ZGtJUniP2WSy5hB+8MYr4aoiyaEy4NKPaak619TNh15Bq6ye2zvgM45S6s1MKz4HP60Z72oHqryMB2JEKsIPqFCmo7vsVHxBRzQi57MfOxvGdRdkd1A8j2GplalZpzTqtPYXhQVrsWxj+4na44RriQ2vBS98X+gcOCA9smZ7jyxmA1jBElwGSMw6NE2UuCl2m2DKFnGgcHBwypDG00ACoRRaAkmUgzXv+5D4B1p+dwl1eLwemlIeYIOoDD3RCPTQi5NoQMG0JGLk0NbndWtUEfkcIfkgtaI0hVHYdVC6wMF/7plkromDYHgXQCi9RSzZAZGoIkhOTlSISWyc5OHn/gEcB8Hr0AAf9uuPA9Vk45P8bDj/qjsMB3XAkpAOORLbE0ZimOJrQEMeS66bBzwjGgwT1PWrMFxqJSwi84oh+0gRuzkPYBiMutGHOtjiqBAwJU7JV2AI784koJO8rPcRSDaCFBkAtMh+DiYlq7VtZr8L8QBJomdTa8+a7RIGIejTPTyUgHoOJNVF9banszMH3bLOjKvyGVvcjgq6wAp1Ar6MC4RvqdteU99Ar5msMDKmAqb5tMcetD3bql6cXfIvllt5sAbHkxEKePMbpkIHYd3scDj9pjyNshx93Igh/wyGfvjjkOQCH3AdTITqoJrcPB3THvogf4Z6w/UXrbsJsDhBTiiCsjLCA1nC+OxqBPl2NhdBsRssrrTrhV5LPH6v2YnYh+1r2uxQzm0K+t/TmyzrKWmgA1MIMflIcLb1/pvyelG9IKc2fWfhbDj4BaFbbOE0tVRc/oAVqoCXtrai9dgSdXBpbxuttaH2t8S6vi90tiI6Gwugd9R1G+v2ISW6tMU3fGTM8u2C2f3dMD2uD8fENMMRQiSoz+2mqXLEMe/W90myuyf7WNLPBvN9go1TgkehmOPS4Aw769Iaz22246t0UVAUqL2pND0PyURhif+LOL4nkyErw1nenLR6I+LC6vK9iWtF0fRiSJLeZ+6gdU+rCfGYeWTvZ3t5eU4IaALUw5fxkLVtRfqIaxDpJMl1sb+7r7mav+qTUQ1RfVsOzzuMclV9VGttCROBbKIG3qQM/Qh1ea0X4/IRK1H3FUAUfozKtb3V8pmBZLflD9A/9EXO9f8M8XV/M9vwN40OaYHh8TThwe6P4WlOT6fJlnsDDWJr950wNxjHdFD6nWhY9wZmbNfbzMzhjZrrCknybWEtRWqI0RV3KiePPUTBagRAJYyjB2yE8qB+c7y1AoO8AvukffELeT0hSBiUQlEuTApYiZymW10ID4P90SIeHjAgwhdhdKY7OqXQipxB4Zqf6wvhvlKrUK0m8FSQAC+N7Kjpp3xKGxVCAl28QMwWJwoIojtdRmkqvdkRxdPNsil66X2Dv0wIzItpgXPKP3JaVasY1QWzT1wcx3R5CkK6h0U5CDPxxC+44CT9cQxw/h1EiAdd0f1CLVlLF0FlD0HjffpTCJXTltqKyhb7kFwWEAkQBzZ9XhnLyiCVspWwmkNv25TafrzhZ6jml1MVcnUvHiKhYLTQA/k/G+vXrM/T2iuITBSgQlMu81INJx4YoDNMEC5kjlhDqhV+JmtI0tNUJuTcV+Irzsnja9S/xKj7hzy6tQvL7aB1ogwG0tj08W6JuRAl8m/oKn/sSt1MWYzMB79kmiyRVwWS+40Y0xRJeLkQZLCZ+V1NrXsB8KsAIuOu8EERNehINFeQEhEdog4+qpS+rq17fA3zdLW4tAaEW7Qspb5Gi4qxGf/yZMNVg5vV3kd9ESphEBZqXw8hwt2HDhmlrFGsA/N8LKXKWOj9TmDo8TLZXFI3kADMv3JNdDlFUjxxk2cVyIkiUXz2Cqw7h8gNtrzkAi+I1muB8+CHxLbT0rU211x5tHtVBtcRP+ao3lCIsRvgVJyRt8C5xVPMZ1fe0yf1WfM4HBODHWMHnruT9prYcNbCAsNua2h53dcYV3aQu0ANrcRGdcJyf8Jga89sINzEMj4nL53KzhI+Uo5hGf0gv9J8NsdjyO1myhKYJfuY5QAGy+e8k8zmKHf4zuV4tNAD+reLatWtqhIfJoknHR1ajO0wQzElxyGPy2pwO7hAEK/DZEUQ/EkByvQzBJDnA7wm/r5Ef3yQVRDM/a/R26YC6weXwZeprtMP5qReL8LlvqvYt4VeOtrii6vktThVoly0AR+Irous1zKNaXMXnmQPQ2GyxMLUcjuhWwQBzxWqgzY1EPD91ChJe2D6XE8vTCWLTTioGKsq4k0DkMrYFpNtOINkj121J/lGgKmouu7pME/wkR5n5ftNsNaY4d/4Cpk+fYfF0aFpoAPzbhnRMyMgA02Sl8kcvVi27yUtFGWYHQdNMMLkl/k+oSePLEn62aQC0owYrRfD9GyVT30HTgFoKfI0Cq+Kr1H8rC/wZ1V4xArBsGvzKEIQlUIBGtiAqE5z1CdDs4DcKVan+ClAhvo/fYZ0F/NJaqh026IbCD/+5spDo6Bi4uenh7vwHYnzbAAGlgEdl2MoaW0AV7tgRQEru46xF2QnMMoMrO/iZZxb17t78zXnSSuRJLzkaWzauw5p1G7UDRAPgPzfEzkodmKgQU8iBYq4GsoqslKCpp9iSYXEr1VLlZZTyEwDWJZQkD9gwtBr6u3RBCz9bFEsuqMD3OV7GF3hFXX5FBWdSf9IxUpeasT6xWZEq0ArvEHTWGRZHN7baGMHnDScAF/GZq/iez8LPWrVVBjus1vXEecz9D/4K3F/htJxutaG/MQTed/sjyf9HIMgKCLRlszYCMag+n+qa69Ykf6d3dUdyiiFNv/I39faDn39A9i8K80Dy1blw/mMaYvZ0BnbWh2FfK8ztWgbHTpzSDhQNgP/MkPn8TNNfSUguyHw6e0sgKFZOgCkQtXQG4mVYnA7A2qiFRkl1McRzIIa5D0LlhC/xaZriE/CZmgmAYoEFfjX4jPaEVwcF0K9QjTZ4IMrT6tZUPcEjVc6vGu8rR+v7Ga3vD4SfNRWg5P+s0hXfqpQ6WJ3QEKvjGmNNzM9Yd38oDsSNpNJNUDAXNfVnhvvlGlHLueNLpgHPGkH6TnC+Pgph7r/wvlpGAAbaEYIVgODWlOi5d3iE+N6Fy43jSPDYBc9bB+B3azt/sCwUZEI4cHk6sL4y4FgGsZvqwWn7cCRtrg1sroaYVRUwqkNVuHtp44Y1AP7DQmb8lclMTSE9vQKxvBzs0rspk22K7c1L7MNeWtcyqEMQdQxtg7HOo9AtuKNSgjY0xz/gXSLrXwTfy2lNAPgSivKyFApTLRYj/KwJP1vVWlE99sVPWE+dNxENCLyqBGAtzEEbHCX2DiePx/LoOlj3uDM2ePfDRo+B2Og+GJtch2KT3gGb3Iby9iBs4n2bL8/AQY9FcHcz5udMk5iKMpZeUjlJiNWX7/6nc2TJtKQBNdgEdDbGFlQTCX4N4HZrCLzuDkCyf900ENoaQRmTgy2NeQjcGg0cqYmwPxri3K6Z8P2Dim5/aeAwAXtrjPE5CrwE4j5a7jW03Jv52BZuf0sthG5rA/0OB6TK7R228JxbDqP7d0JsfKJ20GgA/GeEHNCjR49Oz9WJmhOI5XVWF1F+YnvzWiLjA2/US7bFQM/+VH2D8VNCfaUExQ7XJ96sCMFPaFk/R3621wjA13j7Feq5zwm7quhI6HVU8LNRl42pCw/BOBxNJjx4nPQQ3mGucPdxg4+bP665Hoej529YH/ArHCNaYU1sE6q+BliVXBcrDbZUhbVUE3u8Wt8Dt7Au/bMK5GS/SO5TUgZSDymdDW5u7nBz9Ya7hzP8A10QHncLCQYnSSzkIQex0WhvldW1MYOglWqPTWrQg2rwcS1jPjC4HbIc9RF4nuDjdvaVgeFwTXgf7A/dwRFwPUhFd6QeAViTj5UFjtYBHh7hGbALsLZcGvhszFot+G/vAd/tfdR17LTDkWHFsXjBXO3A0QD49w85kCXvZyp4NXV65HU+P8n5mXKHOXWMZBWxsXFY7rIUrR83V6pPmsDP1MQa/4Av8RGt7md4Ex+jENWfDHuzQicCskOa9ZXWglqyN5oiJCEYwY+D4eVhnE/woY8fIsIjVM92rCEMa4nWZXyu0f5apef9zHuBf0+1wQ7dZEQhwIJvkYonyWvhGlsXdwNb4brbQFx1HYQHDyciJPIaLBLSYcMJwPLPAtDUCL14qkH9TQf4O/3G+2oY70/JVPISeo9Aq85WBQZC0OPQYPgd7MnblRC6tzF0fwxGyoHqRghKW/spsPoHYKtdJvgZm2GLNdx2DKEabGuE4HZrLOhaAqfPntcOIA2Af++QpSul5i9djfn45HkmZ9Nqb+Y5P0shKK/VO7vCI9odTYi66qioVF9mANZGTXyN9/nvdXyAN2hsy6ML7+2kFkiSccK10NpQDR3C6+CAx2546r3U95CcZFbW1BXHsEBNg1/jmY4QKYv5nVCcl/o9jup+Rywe5wq/EJptL5SEL7/BQ34WX77eM6kenJ4Qhp49cVe/A4/8g3JeHiC0P1VdxewBmKYGDbz0vtsPnrcHIDVAAOjzdBsp8cC59rS5FWA4agOPg4TfHlrbLR8B64sQdq/j8aZqcNvaFoYNb/P+L4CFBYGl7/O6dRYK0Ebdn7ilHpx3jkbC1gbANhtErq6CkV3rIfhJuHYQaQD8e4ZpYSQTuARGYofzkvcTG5idXc4NgjLcSgqkTfWGOjijJdVbRZQikqqnw08uJT8ohdLf0wDboDha0/r+TAVXn3a3eXI12Ae2w++6eXDxckJcpGUrz93HTqrAamoEyDJubwXBtYLvs5h6cy7ewbLUotimG4jNvP80hiICWQ8Li8J+PlKK0LPJ1KwJQyu2GnBLqgTvwCPQ69xV7jDLAvLwiTkrwPRmrUAY6NIJLjfGICHebFjioxPAH6Wo/AR+g+C3rZGCHta+YQTg+jfZ3sCjLXXgtbU5sOwVYM6/gAX5+Zwy2apAUX4R21rDdecwIyh32OLKuJKYPW0CDNqhpAHw72h9Je9nqgWT4lkBWV4WMDIVSOe01GVWEBTAiuWWllmdhfPfUiKpORoTgRVQGWVRBeWo+OpgAsbCm6jZj+2872t8n/oBfgysDnuXnmjv3wKzEqeoIXV5iVB44gxmYAvaYB1+Ivy+wxKa7fV8722pdbFTN0IBcC0/x3aa81DoM20hBY+oP334SZ8FoKnZ8nOXp0ocYfyO4U/XXc5QIxl3kAArbQEAbdKeUx7hPoPg5OzG/ZsG1FujYNhf3qj8RK2tzW8GPvP2Bry2NUfAStroOfmMbcWnOQDQCEGfHX0RtL1LmhW2wZJfS+DUmXPaAaUB8O8VmzdvVmuBmEJglJelKwVcot4sGb5lgqCoHtNIg5yGxSllyX+u1ITXcBUPqNWewDjn4E3e01A6PEJaYrzLKAx82BvNaDXr0SJXoxrsQUMcZuGY3IwmNgV+uEjwVcRWQmsr1dva1NLYqOtOIL9LhfgR7fInOEzjbT4yJBkBSumJ5c0egDYEZHVuvwlf+/QEI8PgZB/KvjcuTsSTxOPGlMZVLYOgP2GZcBpx8YnGCSbC+VucawOPfX3gt6t1GvzezKYVQSovdevbI3zJt8BcHk4LqBQ3Vc/GBhutcPKW2rTCoxC/lcpymzUiVtEKd2+MiKhY7aDSAPj3CBkhICu+maynHIiiSPISUh+Yl1yhaSyx2O7cCquzV2tP8Gt0Ozjo7DHM2x4tEhrQAtciEK3RiJBpTDBWpRWdgjEETd6N2VUqwXVUalu4zeX4EAtTC2O9rhMWoQhbIerSAlSIbxJ5V5+qYCpSH8LXCMGcAFiDVrg+Qfus9ZWeZMmh+j8KhiGOFjagnLEcJksIpt33qCQQNhKmHmD5LXUuTnhwcAIeHaBC2/QOsK5QDgB8Uz2euPgtOK3tjLiF7xlV4KrvclWBEdtawnWHWGErYKctjg8thlXLF2sHlgbAv0fMmjUrfcJLUXJy8GW3PGJWIUpR7FteQpSf9C5fvXr1ueYR9Ev1x06/Heiq6wCr6MoKdAI/gZ7Az9QaUInVpkH2orXNaxxGV2zkllfiSyPsUt8hADsTem8p8Embi5dwnM97qhyjFdgEcDlb4Cq0yh2BbMAsv4Ofnz/3kQeiH68FgqoZ84HmNYGBVsbSl0eleDYY8kwRtJTiXDm0FJF7fyTcXs8ZftI2sC16CVGLvoDL2vZImc/XLH03rTPEJkcIeu0YgJBtHdT1lPWVMXlwJ7i6e2oHlwbA/+6QiQ5ksWtTiBXNzY5mpeQsHeVhgp9pgH1eS2QS+W931F7a3cmo718HHxqK4D28gfdRGEWp0mxQmcbSLh2AAsQaKIMD2JPnfXOcBnotSlLtFUxrb2K9vqNSf4v4ntLm4zWqxC8RgafD0EKoOb1ovwV02QFQeogjaLBzi6joGOj0nvDzOgZD6FCCkGosoJKxd1hUYXBbIHYvzGv/0qe0CghE4v0FcN7RHZEbiqs8X64AXF4AmJ0PASuqwXdVfWAhb2+qkYMNNlrhpK31lBVO3sTn7fwR+rtXMXXadG3CBA2A/70hHR2yHrAJeKbFcfLyRyu1fnmdGklyXOZ22QRBS2oNjwYeg73LEPwU0xKf4wN8RPB9grdV+4DWVC5rU7WZlGBj1X9cGpvNipdzBCyto3yO4OAnOPtoGdb5tsBazxZY59ZOwW/bpalY79Ye69zbwNH7Z6zyq4vNgQ3hFLpfdWDIvktBIPypAn1RMQ2CtungM8KvLB9vm6X9ze6E4ecXBL3eHYnx3G9Jd4CE6/wBvfhgSpYnl/STWMg1JGwrDuetXRC78WuCLhcbvKYwMPclGNj0a9shYnkJgrFiLgCUVhNB27vCZyNV7flR6q1lyYTLly9rB5oGwP/OkHG+a9asSb8t5Rh5mYNOBtZLnWBeQkpdsppVOFclSKf4wMsJvTz7wy6lATHSAN/gK2q+pwA0QrAwvsVnGaxwDQLnJI5muVnp5Za58kzrDkvuU00FT/X0KMQTmyMaY3HMZ1ia8DmWxn+ODU6/8fpnWBZfFEujvsH6MBvsDGqJmw/3wNPDW23D3Z2G2/84dFFN4GkoR+hVYqtC21tBlccEqJmi/fP8e4WFhcPJWUdVmJCjss6g4A08mZ3riGjHj+G8vTuS179P0BU2wm4tLx2pCh0LGa8rCL4FLH4VmPMS4pZ+CZcNvyJlc24WOK1Ams/TbeqNuCBj/lhOcrLQuvniVlpoAPyvCAHOmDFj0qeylx5Z81lf/grra+rlzE5hZgdBKa/x0nthwqMpREgNGtwGVHmNeL2iKoI2B+DHbB/hrXQVWI/PFwiGmBUvS5mOHJzyfU0Ts4rqy+pA9cA+ZXUX4HUsNrylOkEWErLzeXs53sUuWu5d/ByRaRZYICTbfxISAQ9PV9zWbcAtb3u4hLdEkGEEYmmsDXj+cbOy7cxLWGYLv/Qk7TVgXQGEbKwAt23tYVhNW7v8FWDpy5RpaU2uLyf45LF17xCCBOH8/AhcZQefHf2MZS65QdCxFMLPzoGHz9ORMlJYf+LECe2A0wD43xUy2YGUvjxNmLtZnIeTg804UWdkng5cgVtu615ktsPqgHd2QVhoGPphMKoRZgJAaba0mUXxKVVgoQwQfJ+3axGPAsAqKIENcFQKUtStabZlyT/mVK9oHtcxibB7E8tSPyAAu2AZ32E9deZeWGEb7fUlDM2+M4Pnh8iIeHh7PYJeR+vvH0zVmfSnfjsBtXwHU82m+TT2WX8Igv1EC9IoP/zW2cDHsQ6hx8Nl6StmTUD4khGG6z8GdlQAFhSAYdkncN05HJHbWhp7eZ8BH63xpprGSRMuTpCl6uDq7pFe2C2TaIwdOzbbvxU5gZqfeExjqzUAagD8y0IgJH+UJrsrOTwBg6Uh8MiL9TUVVVsyXb65ypHeZbk0va4/hlDXPQVgbTQk6GzVqOD3qdI+QhEqwLdUp0h5fMfHymG2YSoeP3lM+Bjr6yz9DOniCS64T8xthzW2pJbBbt0g7Oan2E20bkVJWuvOiINl9ZJyYJsmiBCbnZci86xOQvJ9BIKmyxzD7zgB+I6Cnfv6Fni8ulwaBNPU3zKqvxVUfyuL8FI6Sz4B9tfmmbIj4tfWgMuWgUjdbJM2Mwwt8WYqwo3VgQ2VgK2E4N3VQGwEz2DRiIoIh5vn0zTHkCFD0LZtW0yZMiXDmtHyuWWhJVlnRNIvpnWIBw8ejLt372oA1AD418SpU6ewdu3aDOrP0lIU01KYecnr5LWo2pjvClPWybxGcAlWoCw1oIDPHIIyQrg0/xUl/sQCf0YE2qMX9ofthavODb7evohPiM/T+8fiCQ5ScS6hxV3Id5XFkRalFsce3WhCrwPOcvseNL/JiH0ueMnBLiCUGsw/o3hkujFZuzfXcCcAl71PwL2O5FXvwnnzr4hf9Rlh9zrwe2He/ybbW2mXvL2UavDuEqOE9ToC/1OLELClE6FXhdCraoTeXlGF7YBV3WiXOwAT67JRXc5tBffNsxHlcU/lID19fDF9+nTMmDEDx44dS/9IUn517tw59R3mzp2rFt2SceiSlhAQagDUAPjCQ8AliWkTWMT25kX9yQGbl8JlmTo/L9tX8ImNVZCV18qlyT55wBPV1XRYdTNA0I7XJSdYm9fLEFhD4ofDx80HD90fPte6uwak4gAROp/22ThFvq1qy1JrYKduCiLg90J+C7F7si9FHef1BGGyvZLLlOm3zBcyevbJhNieX4HlFYHVXxFw+RHp+D30mzvCIIpPQe9No/pbWdB4fXkxYF9vYyeKsqqpcL5/G0nBOiDcg1C8THj+BjgQiA6VgZHVgNE1jW1EFURObASPuT0J1178IwvAgkWL0bp16wydbDL00rTokvxNzp49Oz0HPHTo0H96CY0GwP+PkLo/84lOBU6W5vLEsuWlTMY0Nvh5xhObrGrmnOAmGs8ytJ/SFVJbgc/YJB9Yiaa3RVA7XHa+jKiw519aMpCmVxRf5vVBVqXWwWpdb9zAmhf6m8h3FgsoStySfZVVh4fAMNvlKgkgrCSYVtO+rqFyE/u78j34bmiCwHW87/d/83YhowJcVZTPIcxW0+au4muin4L5cXAIfAOCAR8quwlUesMq8JLbm0SrPJ6X42yMbTzbBBt4Lh+GpLG2cB9YE307/YLRY8aq7chvKb+vzDguKl9UoNSiSk56x44dauU56aDTFKAGwBceYjtMikzUUV56fuVsnd1iSNk935LlGM0PbPk8md8jMwT/oD5rgJ9pTKuqXuHy1IVVk60x3H003LzcKHP/3HwkznyHBbTUKzNPi5VaG466vrTGQ/6S38a0aFROi8xn19trmrdRetqfiUe3qdao0tbYpDU7dZm6phZctgxBnKPAkTBbUzPtMVvj85bzNYF3M7y3zukB4qc0BoZXhoHQ29nyBwyt9hlCh9UwQpBA9BxQBVNsvsCUljVxYGx3jK36PhqW/AyNbapj9569OHPmDC5evKhUr6hAWWZTcpjy2UUJSk5QvosGQA2ALzTEKk2bNi39tnRkWAo0gaXkZiydGut5rK90DGTXk5leIpMGwXAa0bO4gA3YgvUxm3DA+SCinkS+kP3khXNqSiwj+IwTpMqM0HJ7jb4n33f6X/YbiRo07+G1BH7mCl320TPDGAPvEIBVzABoalaIXNcS+i0jYDBBz7wJNIPum32AVITtngev2d2AsVYwjLXBwyHV0afSJ/DoX8WoBqkAU8ZYI2a0FQ62LYXZg7rD16E2On9fCLN/KosFS5ZqB6IGwP+f2LBhA06fPp2eC5SzrKV1fGLRslQX2eS2xCrnxfpKLiy38cRZjRiJCY2Bh7M7EmLiXxyEEIP1hqZYlmQFx5hmcAxvjXUhHbEusDM23hyPB8FnFOAlVyWfKS+1kJYqYTk5CexM27Z01hz5TJkno0UMVfgqWt1VtbKAYC14bxmA4A0dFRDT718tz6UNjjM7QT50AhwqwG2ZAxImUwWO5eNTapOFXyjVZwKgarw+strHODm8NTxndcWB1sWxzPYj1KlRGVHPMfZbA6AGwD8VcqBOGT8RqbFGUDx5HIxA/0cWv1bUn8U5tMDA3MsyzEJ6oDPnFkMQhSO4B0fqrd24Do+0UpPE+IT0HKFYKPlcL6JuTAAjKleNVPH0xnW3E9jqOgorPTtjjW9n/B7QEisDWuPUjX0ICgxOXyFPoGQc/WFceFxs7Isa+SAnBdm2nEhyrPPLFLJf5IRl9uWA/X2AZRWf2ltHW2NbWR2Jy2rCZcNgpK6obsz9rbWDgc+N2d4diea954cWImVgSXhMbgPdnN5IHVNTAXBEjc+h61NZQS+Z6k8uPfpVweCqnyBxYj3olg3n8+oAIyqh6hfv4KQ2X6AGwP903Ll1G/Yr5uAQQnGAMDmjv4eAeMs6CkSNmNdv5RSiPPJSJmOaFca8DGcHrqEObWZpjGQbhVK8rIaJmMlPHoMEJCUk4ebVG3B64PSnl6QU6EkPqgliAm+Ba0oS7R7N8CUswD70xUmMhy+uQKd3yVLxyklC4Cf7SrYlwJJ99mfVoShN6STIsZc3i5DvkmFYo89FYGlZI+Ac7QhDKrZpn1PFvQmMeh1+c39E4Gw+Nv4tYEEJhMwpj5G92sJhxMin21jdG+vqf4Yh1T7Hzon9EDXuR2xvURwl3iuIWp8Xwe7WJbC5eXFgam1saPo99v5SEphoDf38fljYphbGVfsAU1vUxNzZs7QDUgPgfzZmLlmIb+46ogwuwyr2DPq5HYcNrhIveuqsyBxzUgIoS3t+RaWIirI05PnmanEbIVMSI1CdwLPFVLZpsGMrx0/6Nn6DFe9f/fgwDrmcwwMXJ8RERT/X/jDNeSj5NumosUhFchdYkpyXfSUQFRjK8+U7Po9KNRU7yzbks+ZFWUqx+zNLE1wgeJaWIeBKAWMKA6Pf4GUR1ZLHfwiX5d2QPO5dKrWXkLLQGn5uLhgyzCHtzMb3XtgWK+p9icGVP8L6Pk0RtrgHJtT8FKc7lcHZzmUx3upLxIoCHG+D2JG1kCIWeawVIma0wvUZvRE8oDywuCOmTZ6IgOx6rDUAagB84fY3MhoNJg5C9cRzqEV11dP/DDoGnyNkrhAs51EZF7EE3kjOYjiX2DBLrZccdM/kn3IIgYQ5XAMRQShPQQ1CzobwM7WvMRBvoDPyoyO+D+2Hnvp5qGwYhYEJjrjpdAfRkZaXvEiOTKAnCimvo0JMPa15CYGWqErZL1KzZ+m+yZzzk57hvK7LLK/JYIVlSNwf9sDwVwi9goRTEaMClDa6AALn1ILfPFrVcV/ydnk8WdRNjdRIjyWd8GRQZegHVMXshiWwZ1J/ut2v4GdfFf6DqmFUzS+o+GyflsKk5QNTx9vBdcUIGMZIyU13HNy/D3v2/qEBUAPgfyZuXL6C0mvHUU3dgp3hCkboTqJeEpUgAWjHZk1VWArnMJpqMCnTvHKmHJQlITkwSwt6s7K+e3FT2V1RfQI+UX4/YBgKohMB2AXFYvuiq/NMFE8axM88kUpxKKbG74abkz7XWkYBkeTs5PvkZY3iPwtA8/cXpSsgzG36sOw6POR2Xmffke2kd14lxVMBdiDwShBUYn9pd8cWIgzZxvH6xKJwXTkUydPq08bawL9nMVW/l+h0HUF71iCqTxVEtvsCCQPKwbHh15jfrx2mt6qFI21L4Fj70phT92tgkt3TjhBTG1sLDxf2wZOJTYBNDgh6Eopp06f/6fSFBkANgBbF3GVLUObeeiq+67CLPosOHkfxLk7jfZzCx7wshrOoSBVYghBcCd8MCs3SmZ5NQ+QsVTiSH8s8LdYiHENZYtg2TflZUQ2+hx4Kfh8m90B351koFtMX79AK2xCANTEetTEZDxOCoXNyyRaCAhyxg8879f6LAKApZJyzKDkBWVZphdx6e+X3yMv3kPeTz6xQ43oRicPKYGmT7zCs5udIGFedwKoCTKmKm73KYIL1Z5jSuRECFnaHS/8K6PBNIXT6ujA223yFvXZF4Vz3Qxwp+yrGfPUq5n37Ch79VglXZ/TBJOvPlf0NHFw9Y09wOgCtED2tOTxmdgXObVSfRYbG/dnfQwOgBsDcD9qEJDSbNBRFY48SJKdg538YVYOP4HWcQGG2QjjO+4+ryw/4eGlaYre0ldRE0Vna+ZEXq5xdmcwmXFCdHqIApVUl4AoRfoXQFb94TEHVkGG0wZ3wCXrz8YmqlcVw6lc3JMcnZTmpqmmpzbxM8f9XAtD8c8m2zPeBJaUupk6mvNh3Ub4hkfxNTyxDikMZBDjUQM+KHyNidC3Cz061kJE1EDamJk73rIItE/rhRsuv0OWDf+F09YJI7FkTsK8N9CbgGtM2NypivKxfCG6TfoVh4o9G6zs+C/ilNcNYa+iXj0ByuNEh7Nq1C0ePHtUAqAHwrw13KqMPlwwi8M6gsOEEOuoP4bPE4yhC+L2ZqRViexlHaSx5kKfS/vIAtSTxbrKziQnGqa48EIXf4Yr+VJzdabFH4w4OwI9YTU6HpXmvZhzvf4hovrselTBWqT8TAF8n8KoHO6CF12SlBAugM4pjMO3xJAXACrTMV2GcgNMQTzg4OadDUPJfWS21+d8AQAmxpqbV8Ux21ZKTiKQN8tIxJblZV6+HMOyaAIwqT3trh8HVP0WUKmMhtCYTUlNtkczLSbaf4Y+BreDdrjROVM6P+cVfw1IrWtsBfF5/wrLdtwRfQULwTV6+Af8+dfB4SD1gdI1s4afAOKQ0vLfNQ3haGZYoWRkKpwFQA+BfGhu2bsbLZ2dR7Z1B0fhjaOd2SCm/N7NpogTfohLcG+GDR16W5ZsEOF4ensrarCCMquOIWoWjEg6jMlsFHKKyO4BWtNjXUh7D3YUHb1IKwpCA+YRjI+xDLeyCNXbjc4LtOzgoAFbn9c8TjXm/D5N6qI6Qd4hUsb4CQCteCgwHYD2xuZPvdBeR8THQc/uy2lxeeqPTvwtC+Q1uE+Fh2YL+RYbJoub186re80cBxtlafO8C17Yj5eoOhLjeRVzCs3Mu3nHWw2+1AzCmgoKeKMBAh+pImWSDxAlWiJtgjTkNiuFws6JI7vQ9XEf+AvxUCL42r2NAqY9g6C8AZOtrBTT/2AjBBoUQ26YY3Ie2BHoWz8L+pt0eXBpY1QdhjwPh4/swHcqTJk16rskqNABqALQ4es+ejJf8d+FVGsUKwadh438C/yYMi+AkgXc8Swi+yvvb+J5GZKhl0+OLyoqJiMRcKscS2E9AHSPAjj/TyhNRrYIOwNnPC8HUfa15uxSNb3XsIMx2se1GNWylFR+D96gf30I/tHSfhm/D+vDHbUsAdiVUR6m8nzUm4GP0wqd8TmWMI2THqvKZAdgInase165ey3Mv703uk4HcenduTS5v8URgAp8oYdNIFCkteZEzlUhOUFbHy8vnlZON7sE9xKwfSMhQ1Y0tA4++36NXpY8wu3sTIOJpkfvu3bsxcsxYbFswGSGDymL6j1/hu3cLoNG372BLq+I41a0M9rcviYbfvYN51d7HhSr5cX1Ee0yv+CEcvs6PM83KGhVgPxsjBHtTObb4hBAsAEPDItCP7ICkNl8YR4aMN7PCI2mZB5UCVvcHosPUEG3z4ZQyKYeAXwOgBsC/JJKiYlBy0kDkS77MnXMdDbxO48vIi+r6K7SmBajIslSBhmO0ykexLTF3RSJg8NS54YIhCGVxkGA6Rgt7PMtmazgOe91+9Ei4gN6EcFlsIRh387GnzRZ7UBTL+RmHo3jEGHR0n4/8BN2rVH+voxuKYRCqEIJfEnwfcivSUWLqNZbr7b1mYVfAOWXHLV1oSXX4IIJasq4Rfil1MCiyAWb7D4TeXQdXvauqw5N26dKl9PpBU2eGlJs8T47RlPOT8hjTOF6LFVFEICJXdIPbol7AtFrADFukzrTFnf4VMKXW25TiVHCxYUhMSoa9vb3q+T53+RruDLTCwErvwndoNexuWwLLmnyDZNrfRCrAqNE18aTJu4it+zqC+lhD170mFd63xvyfwM/UBIL9CLsOVH0NqRL710NoZ0Ky3w/A8ErA0HJG1TelIXBuE5DytBZRvq9pX8maNDt37tQAqAHwr4kHt++gyMox+Be1zL9Tr+AX/UkUTL6Cl3FVtZdwTSnDwlQ6JvhJbvDz2KPo7nYSzeBMk5qaax7rISEwgPqpIq2ubTbws2JrGXkUgzwPE2L78DU2PwM/O8KvAhVhQcwkhGcTwo74IXYZP98C3jeNylVKYuzRB2tRD9OpFiekw68W4fdrwCL09FqIFliIJKSkQ8WSVeuC4IsBMXUw3acv5uuGY6ZXfwwPbgHfWON4XIGVKQcoAkamyUtMTFLfX+yoCYgCQ0vUoWxPQGqe8xMFaPEomgNTgdEl4L5yMCLmtyIEaU1n2eKBfSVMq/cVVVgZ4MxyxCamYNCgQer9rt+5h2MLRmFo1Q+RRNt7tWd5zKPtxXQ7Yy5wPJXdz4Rno8KIb/kZ3Cd0A/rUzAi/DCDk63pVR8SghvAe2pwQbg1sGg4cXADcp3qOe7bcSEqBTLPdSCfbnDlzNABqAPxrYtv27ch3ejFBdwsfxl1CM/dTvH6V6u9pezkdgicVAAuy1Qo8jM6Bl2g378AbOSubhz6+8AwPIpBOEULZq79abPaEX+uIY4TfXnxB9WeXjfrLjxkoF7oYDb1WEnrz+bkWsi0inBfhNRrtKbhEpbZKDY8zwa9l5ByM0q1CrdTJoHZTQ+YkTBDMSQkmx6Xggcd9THHtj5GhLWCfaocuNOdj0RKJZt9fwKbXGacPI/qQeR0QUW+iCLNatCg75Zc5BA7ZzaKTXjcXT6s8vwlSp9RA5Oym0K0aDsMMGwXAi73LY7jVZ4gfVxmekxsjht9fhrPJHHsCmw3r12NUjw64+ssnWN7gc+xs84MRgFOlfq8G8NNbQIMCBOF7cJ05CAmDqeL6WmcPQbaUgT9CN60/UvW3cheuPBlJr7Tah0lJalnWF9FDrwFQA+AzMWLhbOTz2MEdcxMln5yHlf8ZXr+m1F9mCP4bF9N7glt7HEbTmJtUY7dxAdmrJwGCB+2hV3IEquII7W/W8JP76yUdw3D9IdQ2nMA3BODHWdhfaZ9gMd4wzERb3Rq8Gz9PrcdmBKCxvY55fK9NGIGdKJdWM1gnZTocnFegVvwkFKd1dsDWDJ/TlLt7RgmSJ0GPguDosgpNw+pRpRZHHRrrXkTrFHSCF5wyPj3VACfdHeri8ThPfN9CD8RlsbylQNdUdB2baeElS0pdMi8hIL2+M2fOVGtlXL1+g1+I8J1YEQeafoDJVQphZvemuD2yAQ62/AodviqAPl/lx5GahbG9YgEEH9gIN36OsePGYfXq1Qjidi9dvoqJQ/thUec6iHcoD4wqZ+wdHlHOqAB/KUplVw1+U3ohZGwHqsBaOQJQHvec3AvRQbn3YJum+zLBXCZCtbTWVAOgBkDLgwer7aQhyBd9SkHP5uEZfBt2ntev0hJf5eWVDGpQ7HBB6RwxHEMv/THUSb1LAN7iPdlPgaXGu3p4IYQ6yVbZ3GPZqr8OIUfQ0+8wYXhCdZR8mk3+73Msw7cR89HYcyU/4yxlf80B+AYV4cdUiWv52epRKZbFGHTxmY+agWOpZH8lyLujJ7ZRASZmCUGTEpReSA9XD9zwvY76qVYEX7W0RdRLYQN+p4HOoqCbzvaSbi2/TQmcVd+qBHSYlL3aiYqHs4sOwU8iclV+mfOq5nWShw4dwqJFi+BHaA4aMhRJh1YAXd+AoWtBGLoUxHibz3B9aAtsKv4SBn35Ki7UeANoXBhoSjXXsSTgOD5drQqAnipMfkd/F+DmPuDKdsD9CvD7SG67ggJbtEMzeM4cmDsAe1ZHgEMrPLZgbkmT9TeNUZYZoE1TtGkA1AD4wiI88DGKTR+sOjwEeM3dTuHthMvpADRB8F8w5QRFGV7CZ3FH0N/9DGF2D5UJmfvIfu42UTFPgkMUKjrztZWpAm2ztb+H0DzqqAJgORzEd4RUTao420wALIONaO7xOz6PWkigzckAvyKEoQDxa9rfvfCAC9VX69iFaKOfgdcNPfE2BqI8oVmKNnkhtWvmEAiaVpuTXF5EaARVngfftxIa8pM1oaqrhtJwxMqsD14q3vO6ZTipRlDXVpf3MSybI520DNmDZOeecL8wHv5+3vD08s4VfuZWUXJkErJ4/ZEjR9T1IR1bIaZbCSq0T4HuheDWujCGfPUSvBxawLXBB7hQ5RVM/C4//qjwGtC+qLHDogOff9AxfdsCoGyXBPXRAb9WJPSskDqgNvRzHZBsX9fY6ZFlHpDb71QaEZvnwyfAsgkOpD7TNBzx+vXrGRbo0gCoAfCFxM2bN/Da2nHcKbeQP+UKWriexGspVzMA0AjBp2pQrluHnkWfh5cIgrs8xO/RAGefkDfv0duLhyhJZWebhf2tk0L7qzuI2qnHlVVuQl25DW5UmFt5e7uCoAmEjRL2oK3eEflog99Iz/8tTOsImYdihF9ZarSLadZzmfthfBc5i8pvMgE5kwpyPipiEd9jDaKRkCVYpPfRtH5GMv+NIDgr4wd+51JqEXVPPGvJEhCGM6kDsEPXA7tQCIeoYc/xueG4nfXOCTkAXCV4blSE4VoFXD4yB/fuZV3yIUXhwZmmwZfPd/z4cZUTlDWcly5dChc3DwyxLYWIXpWQYF+ZyqsI5lf9Nw6WyIfoLqXh3bc28GM+HKyYH7NLFiTEqhk7KqjQMLg+EBuVvu3AnGZj2TbPCM2+teA10x5RVIKq/i8r+HWlbZ7YAYmR4XCzcAZweW/TMDg5icpiSBoANQC+0DjMgybfodncKbfxdvwl/Ox+6hn4mStBoxq8gbZ+F9HxyVUqsVsYRX2U3XB16RmVXI6pxzOR/rAf1WYpHDCWvJipv9bhRzHA+zBhd4zbPUgEGlXQUfhSee3jazZTS20hQLegVdB2TAo4gW8JsMJpik/au1hMw+lIuG1Cc74mnrpTpsfv5O6oOk3exGy2WYTkDLzHy7q0sWGZlqw0Te2VebW5aP7bQxCvx2r4mY2FzqBaCPf1qd9gm64j7Xc+6tR8PD3ksHSj+3DKm/Iw3LKF+5lBCLjUA976Kzz4M3aOHD16DMNGjlY9tXp3j/QcYpcuXbBu3Tq1foakGho2aoQqVSqje6kP4FjvW9zvWhkpA8tjUrmCiLDin36jgtjb/xdMKPYKRn9XEL4dygMD7J7CqjuB6X5PbV/Un6jAbCORJ7Xl/Pztv0fg2A4IGt8lDYBpxdCmgmgqP4z4mUQzFsxLztOSHmw5CZkmdZDvKh0hL3pWbQ2A/+OxwnEN8t1arzpAikacRx0fYwdIdgB8ST12E908zuGnWGMHyL0c7K8cRJl7KyOIwUGEqECwIg7T4h5FdUKvx8NDaBi6H1V4e1cmwIRTWx2nelxBM7mWpvaI+w0kxybw1d5UeutpldcQjhsIz83qsiZV4zUY1ctVj/soHjUfBTBdwc/UXsYU9MIfRLIhQ+7JfMGlrEpk7lD1DqGlXU54JmRSj495QtiUWgJbdK35ifLxk4i27paWGwyGIWkzDCk3zWTOWqReLQm30/Z4dKYF4PwLUpNl1EfGmWuGDuiHoNVDcIZKbWGPplSOnkhI5smkXz+1kPiWLVuUZR86jFY0NhILm1fDiRYlYBhOCDnYwdCPYKtXAKj9CjyGNkNw86IwdC0L2NtlVGvdKwEu19PfV2AledDsE5FJtM1rEDm6DbwndAe6lDFa424VgM5ljEBdOYY/YHCGzhtLirnjJRdqNhGGTIyQ00JQGgA1AOY5+s2fgVd8jygFWO7xOVQMPJdud58qPiP4XqZye5nweyX1JnrpzqJC6g0sQ849ejJJQlbT3gt0jlHh9eU2m+A0fsQpjHY7ioXx96micjk4klLhqXczTuHOuEvsDKfRbEqY/cw2EZdpTo2dMuHxsZiiP4wvDI54G3Npl6ezzVCXr2IaNWLG1e5kmJkpp5Zua9MgGBURBfnXgAa4PM1wCerUXdSEz+Q8abyP62erAX5nqEndifpg2mdDXEcYokuy0e6mGFdRMyRHwf3aMgRcGUjwdARinNLzkGotFvmOcRF0phUQM7gkbv1WCjOt3gPmNABC/RUkJV8oK6SJFZbV0yTWju6PAw2LAiNpd4cRbEOsgcbvAHULIqRbVTwa1ET14GbupVUt5Glhu/RSW1IknhjxBG5HuS/WTQbm9QNkevtDa+nbn1WQ8nmfmQ5Ncp6HDgFz5wKy1OXUqUgm1N0uXUqvMF2+fPn/wipwGgD/Y8Fjq+FEB/wr5hp3ygPY+p5HsbBLvH5DdYqYmii+lwjIfxE1+ajA3o6/iebuV/EJjeAMwsoT2dsSyVvltqJcNJIQnBILZ70OsGDqN4FqVlO/x3A7cWa5yN0IQN9Hp9Eo6BBht4sWeQc+xkp8iUX4GktRiVrSD1EZQJfdVF3ymM5ZB68IL9Smca5GjVmK2nMbt6mEEC1dZFg0HvuHwMfTD9eu3ISnjzOcHneBa2w9+BCXKbHfwBBJVRb9PV+wH5IVkA6Ph34BSInPqGxEiXrT/j0MonJyOYGpNd/FsS5lsaTxN9jc6gc8+PUbxB5azOf4KpvYt29fBcABAwbg/oMHcLDvD6e2PwCDqhKAVIHDCcKO3wB2/0Zi04/gNrWf0aqaFyuLYhNwmYXk4AItmJXZEB4B15u3kByWezG5Koo3/X6ybVpbWNEql6ZVLl8+vRnKloWrvT2S+Z3A77R11y5cuHBBA6AGwBcTKbFxqDZxmIJaPjihqccFvB97TdlhyfP9S13eUlks43OM7ZOoG/jF+x7tZgTtZhhhEEYzGEf8GLLsAMm2J9Hc7sTEZpyVOIeQAz63led0BFsF6i97/RE0SDyHL3AQ+QmrIgRheVrmcljNz5yxY0KsWU7TeiXEE4JOOmyJ3Ir26AQHjMCOpO247ntdFT6f9z2Is092IzwyDPfvP0AkFaNXwAHccB+Om/rJCPX9EQjLTwKURGpKEN/voerdHE3FM2ToMKpM53T4rXF0xNhRI7Bu0VwkLWiLmZULoGu5DzDa+gs8cqiBnT99hvDN47By9RplDQUMol7Pnj2rJg/Yd+Ag7fRFYFxjoDetbm/CrWcpoCnVY9MP4Tp7CBIHNTDCT/J0MkRtaCMgOKOiVxNYZJqP8an95cnm8GGgRw+C1Q5etONRrVoB7doBGzfKtNpZviwmlr+1APAiP1+dOkAZfrZaVJ62thkboeg+aBDi5Hr16jjWsSP+EJWoAVAD4IuIiMAglJg9WsHvFSrA5u4X8HbiXaX0jOC7nQF8xnYPP4TdRquHLqiFSNjSatZkK4FQjFEaLKOKsXSNCsntWDpPoGwzp9mn42iaptDaVo8/CQe3E7DGBdVK4TjeoeltSvN9LlOO0bSiXW6zDwsEXZ1cER4Vjsvhl9HfuR+aPG6Cgyl7MAF10Bvf4J7hFDz0XulmP5UGODYmCG63HeB1uy0SA9vC3c2JyjhM2Tqp35PB/mPHjk3fbyrnuGMK5jStBN34XzC77EsYV/VdXOpBdTSJsBhFaOgzqiFZ3OiZ8pm4aODGUeDgcuDCTp49CNk14+EztQ8iBjYwqr4eVIkLBqZ3UmRkXHLW+0V6Z/v0AUoRqpUqAdWq4VH37ghp0waoWNF4f4sWINWftctsrnv3AlX5vlWqKHjCxubZRij6EKoRAtWaNXG1aFFsdHTUAKgB8MWED9XZB0vHEXY65E+9jxZuF1Ao+R5eJgylCRj/pdoD1fKp5oxqgQ/Q8LFrOgCl2aRBcBWeqr1UWkkPV9f0XF1OIXnCDKuTZadauc3sQBVOKz4XIWhIw/khLqNG8CF0eHSCn/MiP98FWteLKINTcMyiB1feP6dhaRkO4IRE3Ll2B/vu70PtJFvUQHVc5bYXoAOG87p76k2467IYtZBwGkFejrhwbi/80pYalQ4MmYVa0gSSx3v6JtG41rUiRlX/DC5LR8KrRxncalIAwyu9jYu/0iqeWm6sIcwCVpaMMX7s5Y6AMwcIxxOAv0euJ5wMiyZJTrB9e6NlFVCJQiOsHnfqhMBu3Z6qOQFh7dpS0Jcx/8vvqqdKTSU01fOygl8aAB/99hueyHtZW0NHS7xi6lQNgBoAX0zcu30brzpOwUtUS28QfC1dzysQvqyA5/RMM1phX1j5OaNeqBcP9Uja33BehlNhhcOKrQbtsHdaTjApMRGXXPVEjgGHed89aqHsVtmQZLslPYMy3CsrqxzPbffCI/wANypSL3xLFdvA5wBKRBxV4zHs0lRgWZzG9Uxz+JnWNLF0RTbT1PkPXB7gXORZ6KFLy0GG8xTwSHEpq2S9INvT0wsueg94+Bg7hlasWIG9+/bj5p27qsxDLLh8jmsXzsGh8scI7V8Rj+b3hd/E1jAMr4JF/dth55aNOcLKkjGz0TGx8Hpo2ZrMsr8zpDGko0IUnjm8aFfDfvkFD3v3VmotHYzlygG9ehntsikWLoQbbXNS/foKbDkBMNgMqo8qVMAcyQdqANQA+CLi5qXLyLd5BoHnisJJ99CKAHxW/Tmlqb/7BKUnL0NQz+sBSkb54U0e8IUJkyJs77F9zfYtEbAYsbjEw31QTDh6e+pRmqanPBElrSESqBKTEZtHW2veAZKVVT6GaJSEO9WoF9WeFyHoge76E3g76RDe4qMVcYZwPImxcCGKM6rHOIGBheNMBU4Cv8SkROMMyk5uiI3I+G2ymhE6lW/p5umLRwG0jtGB8DmwBME+rgihGhpn3wcOHVsr0MhoB7GxAwcPxoAm1phd82N4DLDCyn5tMKZ1XcyaMxdR0dmXHUkPdob8qJSNiG0Uuyrw2L5d5eYS+RndLSxIlpNT+gJRYn0FWqLyzGFFAMb8/DO85D2kQ8P8MenUuH7ddPYACD6Pvn0R16TJs8/NtM3Qtm3h17Oner8wWu0p3bppANQA+GLi4slTyLdnHgGnx1sJd9DS7bwC3kvpAHyQpvrkPl+CMZjXw9DY4z4+iw1AIQLwzTQACgjfUC0UX/D+CoRe4/Bg9PH1pPJKogJLUK0mIViarSsff5wGIvlfFJglRa7SK5nVIjmTubXyariaF9/PC/WSPDDY7QqKG27ibcKvDW5iN9VZYhbTdnkHBeBeoGX5R7HK5r2iAm1nJ2c4R7hTD8dkCcBUyYXeOYdHx8fxBtXZoXFInvgDXLZPR6rHPWBIA+NIiUOOz4A0+d4ZJBOW+rOHkZxTPV5aiI1PnzH6/n2gXj2jVZU8nVjSkiUBKrUUgtKVwDVYmJ5I78mXoXa0os9YV0IxvnFjeAwcmFHVyfOkk4OqT8WtW0o9CigFmLkBMLx1a/gQlqIq46pUwQSxwxoANQCa58TMwSEHTWYLlHlBHdMf/dH9B/HakY34N/zwUew9NHU/r5Tev9J6hSU3+BIN7SsIJPxCeF+oAuDP7vfwQXwgwWcEoHkrwCbP+YTQ6xQSgC4BvlRmySiWmowv2YoZklHOkMj74tGbOEpMyxVaupZthoPRLGbz85VLB6A3GsW7YpDHdXW9KpWrfzZD9dYTWgO97+KnSHf05/fbTSW5mS0gi9Ie2c+qNi8TqO8muKKL0ygcj7j8DABTKf3cPH3w6IA9sPUHSljev2koMO4b+G8bhceOM43DyX6rAjj8ZDwdiFwMz2jT3QireAsAKOrPV+ou5TcnPEDb+EzvqgCpf3/oqbpTLMgXZjjpLFtmfH0WAEwibN2GDIEh82OVKwNUtCp27FBA9iYAo5o3zxWAUc2aGVUlFWBKtWqYSHgn5fB3Yv63/jyLzGsA/JvBb9WqVejYsaMqVxBlMn78eIwZMwZ79+5VeZsZM2ao4VPS0yh/EDKtkDS5vmf3Hrx+ZjfVWzi++z/2zgLMiWt9422p4tRdbo0Wd13F3d0p7u7FvUVb4CKlxaFQWmiLQ4v7IiuRddaXtaxb8v7fbybZze5md9Ne+r/39uY8z/dMMplMJpOc37zvOd85kxSATgEeBFgonmKUIPSepKp6kqpPlo8jJgeA3bR3UCEzSlF+1vATFVjCHE8TOC0jQ+HMY3qW/9fS2UaUYciyFOMlHvtbpnT8KKBhxf5Tdsyq3EYqqtMCO8NfgV7HJA0m+N+k2vTDMH4fW9pSQ0jXpCoc63sbrdOD8QJV7ssIIpxD0A6R/NZ53yWfa6v9MZGG/mj6eXh63UNigpo0bOmMUGZ1kcH/KVSYcZ60oGsA9/LAyoFISUmA78kfzRMFECqHNwARBM3wIUAzuUnQ59LoqXZY0fYn2DEKQtpI/QSAkmIiSq0QsEgPrC//E2l2qO48zQ5FADC7aVPopkyBKX+vrgCQ/0GliB3n+3N6d60BKPuU9yqh7l9Uov/48cp2xoYNsaRLFyTbAJvMsWj5r0s+pIeHB+bOncvTcMkBwL8rAEUxSceBTGUu1kdywaRXUaZjX7RokTI+VCa3lIo7lld8yb6XP4WEqMR9vBo/efkIoRePTxID0D7oPp6jknpKsbrRhJ4ajynwi8uJ7rq7KGmMUSywdTzDeIzxuLI0oVZEOOpHRnGfQBmqmtwASjGe4PG35naibALszAGUnLTC8grX8jirEXg1qQI7JXihb8hNNCHUNLCtnI5ThVYhAKfpbsE5O5THKb3HD+BK+H9CaP6KvJ8j56+oG7qfywjDFZ+7CgQFgAK/AknES4YBn/AvuHKsYv19/QO4YwIrxDwiZdE8KqSKrPyNaFc/An45wtdjEPb1VsT2oxUcRBh4FH5/DOkJ1gsAd+xQ7a7YUYFM/hAbum0bUuxQgJbZrJUieX9iqfPvjwpNlJ+eAMyBrIR8vmy/Zo36/kOHgE8/Vdr14qnm0KhR7rZ1CMpPeMzvfQi88wHwjw+R1shZyS9U2hypAFdQERpsdPLIVFkyWYL81ydThcr0WdKrfvToUQcA/+5tgNOmTVMqpmVEgFwFd7AC7Nu3T7nRjRT5M0hllFQTi4Xcy9ffPfk9Pkx6ALcwbwzQ3ERFgvBjgz/eMwTiH4YAJd4xBONdwwM+VmPEvev4NJ7W1hCSJz5kKNskhOFtQwLa++nRjsD6hECoEhePyoxPGBWtllXiE3CN8NaZ5+ArLqQDQr6rrddk0oOjhnCMTtRj7IPb+EZ/B96JsUguZNt7hhg0S9Bj7t3L6BTvi/cNPqhn0KKTwQ+uBh1+N0Qr2ynbs2KJTRcLnn9fyv4T4zAq8TwuP/SHx61bOH3mtLK9vC/P9jcuwrB4PAx3byCBz+/eu4cYA7f57RoMp/jajKkwtGkBQ69uMDR1hWHXd0hc/hX8BoxGwKipSHTvDEO/UTBQKRry75shv+1d2m/DwYMwNGsGA1WWoWvXApFIu+q5dy8iqO6KOt9y/PKdxdIn8mJrkH23aQMD7WuefVKZSXvdHV54ZZmzXj6fytBAVWaQ91+5gkQzKINHjUKibNORUKvfGIZPq8NQsao5qsHwUWVENXDG/VFjYXB2Q0KnjpjSujVibTgAAd4B6eAx/9ct95/+G0ye4ABgcTZYhj8J3GRAvPQiSpqGqEKxAmILJMlYBs0nJ+ftPdxDAHY6tAejQn0xTuOBabcvo03wfbQNuofmVIMtgzzRmtEiyDtPzL52ER0DvKgYvfNES0bzIC80D/RFU8J4xN07GHL/PloHBqEFlU5zRot84U5AjtL54uaNGwrAi4ubN28qPca2XgtmhAcFIyw4GD4Epdedu8rjwvYl9yi5G+iP7dcu4PPA+/gpSI+vgnwwj9/5QpCf8nrOvrkfsVUyVC7/Po5rgzDyZhC8zc8vXLyQk9wsQ77yfG5IKILCwrkMUYa6Xfe4Db/12xA0cCKCBk1G0JzlCFowj4/7I+irdQi6cw/BQybg3vxluD9vGYLHTkfQZ+MQdPqsYovzfyex6NflXMo5mjQJQcOGIYjqXyynEvJ48GAEL1iAmwS15YZNRYV8Z/nucg7kuIN270ZQv35598sI4PNrq1Ypy5zPGjgQQXQhQfJeCR5fMC/Yd+hCvOfMQXDXHghq0xFBbTshqH1nRpfcaNcZ+t79cXPGbG7TAYGt2mG0mzse2hgFdOHCBSxdulT5r4vb+RvdRtMBwKLKrl270JVXURn+JH/UBfxjz5w5Ez///LPSICztfaIIZW67/GUfr5iVr5xEY6SjY1IYhgdraCENtJDxeINW9ylaymcU2xufJ3rQAkubXykk5AnV+hoYRuUk144MR9XoKPWkGwsJvlY+OQNHfe23wPbkuRl4EbB3ZIknIRBnbu8Ts1xYkolcZGwNlfPgm4aFcz/RgL+fPyK5nUyeoKimxMQiP9vX1w+mHpOBN2gBP2kBjPhcvDZw10Om0gZS+V2bdENE7xGI6Ub7/E4TnrCGwNLtQHrBtjBJ8cmZb0/spthgaQuUpGMJy8iNS5cQyPNjzzDFhPznUtoipQdX9i3WVEKsLK2vdILk2G5Jf5HPzH9LS9rhMP5n453cgCdLASUrAKWeLxjPlUfa2x8ioFM35TFKlMRKKkGDjc4g+U+s4X7lv/43mznaAcDiFKCl59G6Jzh/W6GtIrcarHb+F7giFZ0SwzAuwBvOBJi7Oan5VTzEs4wSiMWT5pA2wN7aO3gt82GeThB5/AyB+bQpDSVM2UobYL2IMFQnDAR0T2YZbUaJbCNeSUrHCG9feGTbB0B7EqZlm0LHsBaAkC8y0+3rYbXMT1cAEolGTNmox12tmoIiysoyi0xh45bTeJ70Gw8SfEMINQLjo7ZyZ3IbP9RRPKDqi6/SBXiiHvBWe4KsHzBhHZBlPmly/IERSAkOh2+g1fe+dQMYNxZo3lxNiZE2Oi8VSH5BgUg1Fj9MUWx1gRl95PmAASpQZTib9NI2aaJ2gggMZT2tMm7dKrjDuDgEfz4X8R9WAkq/yO/+iu0o+xJSuI1/155AmRdhJASXuDdFUlZmke3if7PiAOBfVX796QgqnzwMN6ShfUoEJvh5KsPbXM3D2xoxXiEApQe4hBKxVIXx6K2/h7fSc3uBS/M1WX5MkJYyZeUAsEZkBOqGhRUKwCdYeZ/NMuHllEz089JjdLIJxTXJi6W0Z8icKBt7b6IjttEeqErPua1heHLBUe4HHBCOtMy8aTBKniDtuK1bbkYlxiN08XfAp2MIDMagtYV+tt8Px5BSpTdQjeBz5bZujOoDCRgtcPw60HkuUH8MDF1oF787Alzn5++h6t//G6B5IPSWjO/cHepCoD3+G7LOEFAhRQ8BlDZXmzPCSMrJ/v1A//5Knl4W1Z5ebq0p6TfSW1zYLECp6Qhcug6J//iYSq9C4QAk9JI+rgL/zj2U7bKfKokFrdsi43+rmjoA+FeV30+ewps/7UYDgqs1gTZFf19RgK7msb2iBJ0YpWlvH1PgF0NFGIeuvvfwTmo4SnJdGcabfE99ZKIJDdh7BODjZgB+FBsDt6BgmwAsoSyzUZb/5vLpJoz21MLFYMSDYi7gUhGL6om1FBmlUeRsxlZFRl7YOw5YVKU1gC3wy0k+RsFE6BwIGhLyKBWtXoe0UH6Xad9STa2h+vMHbgQDUw8Dy08CPoROllG5KGj2HoGx9mDa4fG5AKzF5xO/AuqOpAobRQiNx8Ne8xDahK+9QItabSiD6rIuX1u8GzhN2E3aQLU2Dsb3ekE7dCFM1blN43HAEr5usN1uptzTpYhZciAuJDISaVS9vndo3bOLUZVnLiNg0GQkNaW1rfAa4UZ7W+4lmwBMqFILQW2oeJ8rh/T3amF+7wEwOQDoAOCjKNcuXcKIvTvQA+molxmFsbq7qEvg1SPkJKozahNwDZGM9wm4alSK7yIFfQJ8UDcpChUJznrKnd6yc6Ixo7QCQCPeSExAaz//AgAsQfAJ/MpkmlCOAKxA1TTZU4d6MRm4WowNlopozw2DLON77ekFLHLKJxvKUtpa1WYGE4ID9YiKDC+gCPMPhUvPNM8snZSQA/I8dlqSnx8QrA1XAZUXs/JPAl6fCXT/BilXfeF7kkquJoHXcLgKwHoElxPB1moa0GA0gcjtncYjZMACxFajMny2hQq+JpP5Hm5fnvb6BQEJ1z/VDBmvdIK+xwzgg77K+1B5EDB2vWql8xV7J0VNNmbDX6vjFSVGVZXJhbTVzl8P/8GTkdJxBI+Ntv79WvwTvEo7/LyqCEub49myiKtRFw+68BhrtEJCvc5YNGjY/1o1dQDwryrSo7r3ux2KpfgtKxWbdV4YYTSgHxXdSCTiS8LuKsGXxoo+lkCrw3DjtqMfBKFXfAxVIhTouVqFqMCPzAB8PiUFXVghHmPlFug9QRjJ8mlCsCzhV4EfXIrw+4hOaqKPP5yiknExu3hYWW6Y/aisrQVYRqN9KROSYhEQEIjT5/0x9ctwBEWgWADC24j0PrHQrLmHiMgIaLQFR5TguDetMOH3/jyg5AQVgpWXIrz/JkTGECj7aWndqNbqUtW1mQocIhRbz1AUHVwnEiZj4dtnDlLfo2V8riX39ZkKwHd68kS3UsCH0q2Bsm2R/GFv+HedroLyU8LPfbIKwR/O2zyPxfaqXvNB/IpdCBqzQrHicixoxf3P2ExVq7E+ObTMU6EfOQsZrQh01z78bNr6Rl1p6Zvyz1CP378G8GEdHpczorsPR9hQ7se5DyJrtcOKUY7JEBwAfERFKqnMR2f5Y/rL0KisrDwWQ0s4bY0HBkab8EpKNl4mzNqHhKInK3FjbmkBoEUBNmDUZDSiAnshLQs9fbQolSFtfUaUzDQqqq+82F4z/F7n/huzbo3UB6NdWDx0xfibQuens1HEltoaN2yrBBGqYm2PUQiOPwesuE7QFVrnTbh48QomLb6LD+g0V+60A4BfUQ29lYTYpsE488tpREbZOC5RgK5reWIIs2epyt6aDZPTGmg/34X0eDPIH1JBetIqJ5oPrt9SVem5T4Kx0VhoB8xF9osdVdDVGamqw7JtFOihRBNClY9Lt8FDKsiQ5uNUUL7E7V0mqFZ6xOoC05dJJ1GhE1Wk8Ydctkex2g87Tkf44EUq/Jx5/Dwe1BymxrK9QEamYo9N3XicE+bB2KSfCkAJt74qCN375y5d+iJ8yHRE9+P5cO4NffVW2DBvoQOADgA+miJtO6tXr87zR880pxh48/8+nHW0Nl1aNQquelzWDzXhZdbD6hHRcA98gBeyTKhDtedC4NVhVGU0ZxwjIKTFqH+GEZ00eryUmkXFp0JPLG8ZM/zeJBMaJ/O/zbrcOygKiyil0uw4bmlzy7BjXKwyLMzOjpD01CR897svqhFmtXYBlb4FPjvB9dkF4ebnq4feLwIb9oRhwhItTl3JT0oj9IEapIcA9+lY9RR1mR5ZCBvtB80PXkpboADSZu+wF+30IB7AS1Q9VZcisdkq+O07o1pkW+XIJR4slVuDMUjsOAv+nakMn27OK0tXBYqKClRUXxsVgGVVAAa3noA4sdR8rECx/mgVWO1mqaDKad7LLnyOwWyum7mVynGw0o4YPmQJHvZboFpqUaQSYs2dJ6jbzN6mvCdr0DRox88l4HrnAtBWOPVC8KhZiO9ORenSB7eqN8eOzVscAHQA8NEUsZMydM5S/AjA7LRUHE1WgVeL4fKA/2GGq3npzErdxt+A7poAlE+hmksxoipBJxZ5H8H30Eo/xvLhXB893jOkK+18YnmfJ1jfYFQjM1wJUzeGMz/PKSIRV/3sa4eT9rri8uss7YACGntmpJaj/vY3PVrtTYTLAR4boyZhqI9DoR0eqfwe0Q8NPG8aBbSSLpKenoqH/tk4uV2DswOzcKaRASe7hMLjrAYhD0NgNPdzC8CLSpHBwdvAkD3Qf/mDMhqliC8JCCBpN0MGLURM4+GqopOODbG/VQarAJR4ihazfDsFeLres5H+TndVGVoASIiiz2IVbFYXkUJvVfD9byrYBHSEXtDoFUjoOkcFngWAOSCcqML4yGWkrNsOv+HTFVVXNAB7wn/CfCR3kHbPvjhXxQ0/yEzSDgA6APgoilRomTzBoqbCg4NwOCwBtYIpBoJzwWcdLgRgB98UTLrpr8CwIUO2v1BI9rBXYBCacp81+HojAZ0Zeu7mZWNyrBKXixIz1dmj7SjSC2zd61pUkdELxd2UyVL23EnEsD06OB8wod4eFYLRKbbhZ+tiIik6oqKPrPLBnuWXsH2IFicnBuDm0iikxhbMXSuQJxjHbXaGAmsoufVpiEtNhG+wHReF0ESY5p+CdsZOZPSkyqpJ2NQertrf6kOoCJsBYotf6KCAMOu1ztD1nwPT84RhWYLx5U78soRWVQJq/Q95di294zY7nZJSgbazVGgScCZaaN3U1choSQXqkg98okTlcc0RQLPpMGz5AUEDpigKD+5ifwsBIBWibspC7pMK160fDn7cEOccN0VyAPBRFhlAbqnUIeER6O4ZhXoPbMNPASCjaVA2pl/Xwi3YpGzXgABsQRBG2ehDiI+OwrGQcPRgfalG2NVg1GXUYlRlNCb8tmVAGYeh12ntsraS9S8wsqcdUDpB7J1pRtr8/nkuEJ33RMH1e+Con33wy19+X5qN7cN98B0FV5wPRVoRgy2UFBkfb8SHE9KDvXg1YAWvdhnZja7A+/c7SMsoZpLYS5TpDbcgselm+I/bDdShRayynnBaDQz/Um3Taz+b+6VSqzVc6QyJqzYYQdJ58gxt8rME4ydioUcBLafxJMQWuIDYVKlXvNQUG9dJCvAym0+BfspqmNwm5cLPXe2ZRkWC9SXCrlw34MkOiGw7GxGN+XkV2vOzqUKdeqsgzAO/PshuOoD7XIjsJv2VdVuqu+C+xscBQAcAH12R6bTuy8SZLD+GxaGfxwM4hdqGnyVE+U2+qacVTs+xyFUoWjbF226He+Dvp9w+/CQFzpI0YAKBMIvLXWRdqFXTkoyNtZUwbKtYRlrYU6QNy54hX4o1zczCZQ8fhMSm/Cn4KVBLNuLKMQ1ife3cPpN2+IwH4pv/ThjcYOW/Af/BpxC5+X4xdOcJ7EDo1dwE/4l7kNDtO/443/CqQhXoup0n1OzfDclqiososDIDENh8HuLfo+J7jOArMZTrCMY6MkIkwGZ7q82hh98e59VsmNrGR/WXJO2PEwhcpwm58Ks1kspTeqC7UGkSfuUIu+c6I7DXQhhku6epPktRlb5EBVq7Z14IUv2ltx4M/eQFOe2BX7i3Q3iM48boDgA+wnL48GGcPX1aUWD9A1Mx+oavAriiAOjE10feCUYPbZzy2NWsAjsSnBn5RJm0vwmsYMe0SzKQ3dZN1AvrwLE3eVlyB+1NnVHa9pKToNP6KIAV9fhH4Ke2Jxqh0/+xG3in+8TDe+IJGDpdRsTgCwjoexKYWwxBr/CkV9+A1LbfQjNjL0yuhJ+EG6PK17zC3LWmLNDpaxhfnQrtZ2uR9T4V4BuE3rtcVpxPmC0HjudVV6LGC+1xF6tcc1hO/mFU/4UI/2yJqvgEfjUJv7JUmGUY5bvnBmGoG7IMGa3mAa9TFZaSNkhCsByjlhUEnXshsfNIBIydq8Avq2F3zGvfDRnGbAcAHQB8dOXKlSvYv3s35DbVrgFZmHxDD3da2+IA2Nc7GkPvheYAUJRgQ9ZHvwzbas0ea2upcPYUUZb2WltLZ4i9KtACTZlhxN4JFfK3rdq6KVLRvt6EzAVaXJ/3C+5PorpqfhPwSS76Pafo0attoPLag7ieO1T1ZwFgNQJw0/XcbU/yeKotp0rciIDxfN15Lbdbp4b7ejUBuymXD5PytP8VekHafZrQHKp2tDhPQOCYlWoHiKi/RuNob3sQbN3ywo8WOPPlntCO+oKfS1vuNJ0Q7q1CsDTt8AtUgo17q22CBGBU/0kIHzJNAWB0lRZY/tmI/8Uq6gDgX1lkNMJXq1fhFi+sNYNMmHJDh5YBGQrQirLAHXyTMeGWfw4AJWoEEaiptjsi7Bm/a7Fc9kxlJFATsNozM4zSv8DPtzclRkl14bayfwGyvZ/xLwGQJcw/BNqrnvA5egvxXnbkLwYnIKnDt9BNpg12McPPEtUJwMtWt/8cfUBRef4TthNUG/kjrlFzDi3htlZJu8GPuapRen8L7W33DFAVYPXhML3XH7pBC5HxXj/gTcKLkENJ2t4K3fMCkGow8aNBCBhJ2DrPVCHowuUn3M/zhN/TbahIuWxI1VinM4KGzUBCiwE87g6459QZm9d/5QCgA4CPtsgA/6UL5uO8IR3VCLExHkHopk0o1gY3DTJi+nUN3B6YigWgtOvZa0FliJi9llMUivS82lsEroWmneSAVW3zswz+l95d6am1tyf5zwBQfgNRs4FB6jnKMGbCS+ttx7GaoN1/DolOG4D6m1UINt4KVKKSG/uLMo5Y3SGvbh03I73JGminfweT29q88LMAsPoyYLU6lVSW+f4nhXY0eRCu/xhEaLVF6tt9oO/5OVUc4VWqI/B4O6AEFV3JznkBSChGNhyLiM+oAJ1ovV1nqeFO5diYSu9TKry3CNDuE4BeE6Bfuh4Za78Frt/HkUOHcExuyOQAoAOAj7qsW7UK5/weoGEY0M8rCp/dD8+j7FwLSYeZfNMXbf3TlMcu5nZAvQ2n+0du2C1qS2dnOowk6cq4XHvy/JRmMPOkBPm3v+oDrPkB+PakEfc8dXgYHVHAmgsURRHZ0/HyRwAo7Z5yTPnbM+UzZX18QjyU1MG7VMW/8vGdFFhSLcN4oXgQyJO+7RbQeidQm8rOfTuw9HeS20q1Cgg7b0XIgE2IGkhQOlmpvxwbzKhGBbjxQo5iLvSidZ3qz4kQq0j7+0xbRLiMQ4TreBWApQm9EgTgkwTgE1w+2ykXgM91QmD/xTB0W6wqQAsAJUQNujNq0ULfC+QhSzuqPmd2oI2bNinnwwFABwAfedm1cwd+u3wFnR+yHulUa1tsR0goMOxeKPp6P1TzAVkP24cqTVk2i9zzIy050a7jsdcGSxG1+Efa6SSH0JLYK1PpLdkLVJHRWiONGLZEj57zInD8ZuGwEuCK6izKFhcHQHldFKVcFCSpu7D20RwIzpX2O0mRuU+Z7Ul1F4ykwHj46DQwmsyISCSYgwjIWNvnLXPVKfiM2YxsaecT8AnwXAjCegRZrZVAXS5rLgduqBM0+Pn62ba/kQagJd9fbwn38SVV4Cj4dpuJlH/0BcoRfiU7qervyfa5EHxOlGFnmD4aDu2MDchuRsXnMisvAC0QrEGQHr2OpKyMnN9JzpdM9GtP8rsDgA4A/uEiN1E6sGsXNtO+1vRXc/yaBBuLBKArodfVNzGnHbA6683WIgYsxBAep7xCsFEPzLkLLGBd3k0h4Z9kGzQPHgTnETCmYlSgPZ0s1m1bMQ8jcJ7HUElS2SYbMXWtHp8ti0CdMUBzurO4xMI/TyCq99XSsvoiNi4KaempBSY2sO7MERspxydNAdIeKnAUdWUP5NMXB8F75DnEd71D1UQQOvsgs95deK+/ipQ0+6d9D9b7I6odgdfgS9XuVqLae4kgKssvW4bx3BTgjUXAQQ3SU9Og0RXS+/vlSaDqfO6D+3H9ApktV0M7cjVMFboScgTes+1zAShK8AmzHf5wGJI6LYLfxPUF1V8eANL+Hr6C8NiHOeO4Zbls2bL/1erpAOBfXQQ4y5csQZTRBDeKqVE3/ZRODlsq0JIgXYvw+lhrxJCLWrztlY2XKVA+Z52/HUdI5Ks3t2KpFi9lYMRPOlT7lU7tON8vNxf7Bah/QoVhbB5+ZcPLR4NdntkYcxboze2Gst6t96CSTLDdFihg+SNtdEH+GkzZGIeao0yEnw6Dl9L2Sw4vOVB1OHDBs+h9yNyiN86n4OLpMFp2X/j66hTrLopOOpauX7+uQE7a9mS9qFp5LsrPXsuOyEygsQ/Sm3rCe/YFJHS7owBQO+UCYvvwZITZt5+09DT48PiMhzxUAL7xOZXaNIJvOgHIKDUVeIHram/jl/8WoStOIjLORr5dUpqq/hotV+AHp5WI6fM1Qkb8kwpyIf8Q47if3oReeyXhGU9T+T3XjZ/VE/hkDMKGrUJUf77XqQgAVuM+LvnA70FQzgVCLtA7d+50ANABwL+myJVerrCJMTE4zv94l7sR6O8ZCefQgvCrQ/C9RtiVpop75h7Q4WIgKt4y4OMrhBohVfMUYUUL6WVWg8fD+B4BHmPyMV90PJkMl9PclzmcuX0VAq7HRdpZcwfK5XBg0k8haL8rCjV3s87SpsrQtGo7WPf4eL+m4PGLqvojN8LJzsrEnp81mLr6PgYsicqBn0T1EcA1q89IIeyu8Ph+O63er1zP7z2pI8FcC+hXF1hJ1xYbna20D8rIE2k/u3PnjtKBIqk3Arw/NVW7H3+MejzZTlS4LbzgM+Mi7s/9HVH9eIJreQO+9vVOK+OULb3wy88TenOBCgRO+Zkq+N4nzBoRMG77kO2+F5rRu5H1ow0L78k/RJ3FtK9fqAB0/gK+k7ZS2a1V1zVZzSsaVWQZQrAcLXF5iX7q87eHQTfta6S3nmfb/kqIMmw8HdkPoqH1881pM5Ybfd24ccMBQAcA/7qyffv2nD/ZyYfJGEkVKGN8LeBzpxqs6se6w8pfhlGeqq0k62b1m7HofzYYTr9xO4YLoxZB0fgcsMlXhVxDqjyXMwTGiViMPsZtuc7VHG5c34RRg8pw/C3gbrQKOdc96Zh5yAfuB4zKmFwJN0ajfQTmd8CP+VIABTxF9lragP712xos++c1dJhtgNNkHgfFUD0KkO6s4ynmvg4NOdOnM79PdTU6NAO6NVDBN9SV4cILxqfAjpV5921vPmORJYUA6KinuvKCyZXKb+pFXF19Boa2t4H2vurrxRTJZ8xJ/0mmouz4A3+QXYQqo5HkDu5RwKeE015EDTyAB4P4A7Q5xJOab/zy7/xOtRer8CPw0tqsgXbaNh6bGYiWeG0Y/yS9zABklO6N9A9GQDf1K9vgs6i/mrS/E7chkfLaP8A/51zKPa6L6xF3ANABwH+piGUTCJqrMM56adEvJEtJbZFZYapS+ZUi9ErTGpb2Upev0JE1uJiFGce0cP/NqMDP1QzCxrSu5Q8ClX9RASewa3I6GzN/9UFTLt3M6+rSClc6Anz0I/DeYdYBQq6epLV9D4w8+AADD0bCyQxACwQbsn424esP86XcSOeEPbNFi7IQWyptSz9eysTirT7oNisK79C5vU/X9rN5vL0Mwx3MeuxUA2jrBrRzVx+/XRLoSwgOc1MhOJCPJ3eS3u6CnSDZFGmBP/H80nHeXUEF+UfTA39JQEaju9CMP4/I3jeQ2fCe0iYY93Px6T+WThRJs1HK7UiecF49XHkCGxN8jfaoj933KcvspnvhM/MgMltwXY1vecD5bj1wLSAXgLS/oUM3IWrABuVxDvykbbCmpMTI2N8+KgBL9kKky1SEDf0yb/pLDvxmqba4NmW4ZxBCIsNzpuCX31Nu7fo/XBwA/P8o0sMmt9a0VJbQ4GA8jI3DTUJgMVXZmx7ASxQebzDep1CseUlVey5UeuNPBKDrGQOcrQDYgIArTVi9SCHhdEqFnSi/4cdDMOBElNIG+DpfL0PYlaIYKc14lvH4FoJ1I5UlHVnL7zMxiyqw6YHsHABaICgq8JCuINikQ6SoWaAt8LPk+UnfxbTl2eg/1he9RgahVisTGtHe7uBxa71V4LVxVUMg2Jywe5MAbEHVN9xdhWDfOsC8Qdx3du5naGXG5wyCbypwkNv+SLv8AxXkT/Vo9S/Y/7sYkhLhdcoDcfNJzrZUg8MDkXEuBt5+PsUml0v7Y557eZwO5MFvAl5lVCC4yjNe4sn+cBut624C6oASogRR+Rt6/nztqtIDLO1/BJ7R/UtoZnyDrGarci2xNQTfH0/w9VAhWKo3dAOXIa3dAjXxOT/8nAnFymOAzSeUj7EeOXTixAkcktt7OgDoAOBfXWRyVItdUm4Bac4Dk3a86idz4eZO6LmdU58L9LqficfYk4GKDZZ17r9ze/6XS+1nsD5Vogp0JxCl7a/NqTSMPaJBud0mBXrl9+RGST4vQRFaZj2BuI6qkI+HHgzDEEbjfACUSUsXXin4HWSIXB7Vkw9+1knOUnZTdVZuwmPrSphNCcPMxRq06Z+EKs2BdWRDk3q5AJQQFfjpGxRQb6jKr09toEdV4MrJfJ/jr0EYz9EPVSji+L5fCMpf+N6fCMuzPQne9OJVqihamTo/NTNN7Qa3srwZ6eYUmUKsoSinPPcciSNQevOAnlrDE/w1wbRBjbJ8XPIrZBKMPtO+J9CoBl3MCvBW/rn+eRBj+Fr1RYjpuwHBozbzRKzMCz9LCBTfH6dAMPX1gdCPk9zD2bnQU0aBcFlnspr68tXPyv5TzTP9WMqXX35p9/1aHAB0APBfKqdOnVLuFawqo2zzfTKMGEHVV+e0Cj9XG9HknBEzjmvQ7FyWogoFgJWp8EoTgGUIq9cPq22BAkFRfl0P+KPq3niU2ZMPgFR9TxB65aR+EoKlCMHaO7Mx+wcftDiQkTNRqUQdKsfZFwtv9xIVYd0emF/5SUkjhLoOo/ih9XXtxrrcGeg4OAkzFmmoCB9g+PQsDKWDc66RqwAFiK2cge9WE8BDgGWjgRvnbIA2QANPHv/hGmb4uarxswtwtBFBbeXU0yjuDKz/KVTVpmQgITleOfeS31hUm6YlsTs/BC05hjmJ51ncx2RK+E+OUvltVE9w+Q25UeprBLXajkgZQyztD40ZzfnjxdvoZJEk6FqLoJ26DamSVuNcCAAllDzByQhpNw9R3RfySjhGbeeTqDqWP+5EoB9P5MXcBGfJ67T8RpI2JO1/dveaOwDoAOC/UiS/TWaItlSc4KBAPIiOQ2uCptE52/CTaMwYfjIE/U9HKypQAFjNrADLfc86d1Dt7RUAvs7n7+1OQf/vtSi3x8TIBWDp3aoCVOrnV4QnAfIC62uv72Mw8ZAfnK0UoPQI//Nu4d9F4GEZyWCBX/4hdlEPVfA5d1GXlsdu3U0YMC4Ci1b54PSpcPTplAXnmmonSDuqxbOnLJ0dhas3AWAAnduhKqrys6jAow1p69oAmQRddgIr/DRAT3us43b3mybixhI9fM74IiU12a7fLM+IkcIU8MUoAodXHveztLtUcCXX5sKPajDxk83Q9t8JU6mvVDtchbHJo9DPjN1zHv59CK6Gy3PyAQuErK+xCMb2X0Fz4QayblPVfcfPX8o/wDL+IXaeU28Dmp23I0fAbRltc/HiRezYseN/vVo6APj/WWSCVEsGfnKiARc8/eF+nmAoAoCi+tqcTcPU4zo+NilKsR5hV/Z7FYASDQjE+se5jpArTdh1PhCA2vtilccWAJZlPLlNVX8CQAmxwtIeOIkA7HMwRukQcSFYa9MCexYzNZxYQLGRYutt3dg7JZXHMZTH1iEXgJao1Yr2e2oWoqNDccfDB4cOPMCJX1IRZ8eQYKUNUK9BehxwmkA9VFVVfdL+J+2BvuaUtogZgHfVLNztGYMrU/W4OlmP+60MCKD9zo62/zfLMGbA566P8h01flqkZOZLB/r8HlXXcRWAciV6g0qv1FrF/hqf3wCfwbuQ8sE/FSuM0lw/6Uyh05cpHTwBvkjbeEbtEKlJZdd4uVVqDBVhvaWE6Dyg/3bE3NYhKNy+kTr5Z/iRJhl77+3sAKADgI+k/Pbbb9i9e3eOxLl6XwO3M5lFAtDSFjjxhC+6nDHA5Xd13UtUQE9TcDzFeJFRgbt96lvV6r69Nw2Dvtfg+T3GHBUolvi17Sr0LAAUG/zxdrVDZPYhb7T4PgOVvmOdvlS4ArOurJcuXYKnZ+FZzTsoRqq3oGDpQT70EPWnqsBPqdqOnbXsJ5t2LJpA1RGmOqV9TTpaChvbbJ0Gk0qre/tzgpCQ/a0PEMDPS6f3jvKLwbXR/rg0TYMbo4Pg3SEZfrTWfrTIWqrB2O12/mC88GCcAYmDg3Bmy3GEryVAPPLNmTfwKqEkjbhyW00zBD/Yo1jfBy22IcxlC3+otar0rsgf6nwksDeIHp/nbQFjB22vxmBWzTwPlqTzeyHA9B9ol2mF6y5RrLHSI9x7K7DvBr19JnQBfnbnZ8rFSpLyLc0YYn/tua+zA4AOAD6yIsm7Mu7S0u4SHhaKzsej0MAOAHY+k4jJhGBd1rO3DhN0rEuPE3pPMspRsT33ndrGV4IC5HGB2r5gNN4fpahAgd8rDGequ/e3mgWKuTNEXJkzVWSX/TEYvMcXw08DCXZ0Ioh6kFQXUYISttrTwikM2/cD3qE6q0blVaetqgi//k7tIbbV7iZNBaIqpZ1OPkNGoYj6kkor50/i3r17Ss96QmI8YuKjEewXCn+/APgGaKH310H3ywPca26AvokRfk5Q4OdLm+xLm6yl3Q6fWZzs43dZQA/9aQSSmgTAZ+oNxHXlMY3jsjUhuN0KOp9dI6BOqABUICg9UmeR2O5XaMf/CFMlXqlq/ESA/cof7id1qE4NWuYax1XlWJ2Pa59A9nQPKk0vKs58bXLx/CxNhJooHRKXox6lB9veORstQxotwDt27Nj/eu+vA4D/rvL111/Dw0NtAzJlpmPlOS1qnzYV2glibYUnHtPj4wPJCvzKE2bP7jUDUKzvTrWN78ntKgjLbM/EwAM+VIHZKM/X63F7d3M7X1UC6OWNhCZB+PZmtdOjA+vmnsuBCAkLL7Yy5e/wEHUhsLKAXRZbeAzN23PfBFDVBoRgNaASl7+csu88CVBlUgTphBDQSrujgFZ6La9evaq0QcrnSttjTOxDJCUn5Xx+hrfa9ufrYgafqxUAeRzR64r58M1JlMYReNhbD+/ZN5DSjqqscTQyWobCezoh2JzgOWseX7jSR4WYmxmALmeQ0eI0vOYcQ2rb02q3fgN+6fKH1LwlF3OGunU0OoPwbj8jdBxf87ZvUgKBn70TGMjFw9JrLedV2qLtyel0ANABwEdexDKuXbs257mHxg/OvybmpLnYCiX3j+6q9qEEdPneT+kBFgCWZXxIeL2wW01zEeVX4ls1HuPjurvC0elAMGpbwU/C/XtVDVbdARygm/SLVwcyyNxQOq2m0Bw4W729liJjhn18vJGcnIK1G4DKdejYmgJNWgNNJdrwOxBCrTsBwQ/+tXNY7EgQCp0HQyicqqnQs4S+oRrpZIGRrjPLn8v87YHRVH+uUXgw2Au6qbeR1ZSgcI7iukhlmdEyDN4TryN+BncivPWmUqxFBeh8WoGfkUDTzjyGuJ60xc5n1PUv08o+s9+cs3Q2Vy1KcJu01qfhM/sYsutREXa9CCQW3TOblJYCXaCf3edLfjOLVZbH0hbtKA4A/luKKCixwWL1FNuXlIDZZ/xR9VThqTDS8/vBUSo22ti+h3SoeCAJz7I+vbuPgDFnVlThaxVof0tQ0T29hepwk7TxmTDoOy26HUwsMOJDVN9AG3NgWno+87ctFQW/nIpJW3b9hjd69IuGczN+Tksee6vcEAhWrw8ssjH4IIsATk2SccTF22975gPMCAACuhGCVQjM6oyqhB8VYSzhbFgMRPH4IhtxSSjHjQYy76nvS7uWCP2IWwge5QmTC6HnYoafJQSCzakEZ1IJhpkvFOt1hBstrtMZBIw7hvDOBN07VIXvct1rlNZP8Yd67XCuRbYGIKGpn3IM8d1PKdYZlfmeb23cKziZJ+Z+LPBrMPS/3oThJFVoWPHtf9Keat3ZsWnTJmVkkqM4APhvK5KBv2fPHovZwz0fHfpcSEVVq4RoawA6sV48T2iVZj365EAieh7S42UZXkqIuZmjCXfXgNa2/Boqw1WE4Sp1+faaFEza74Mm3xvzDHeTnt7bhcwMb8xMgr+vN4zZmXbDz1J27c3CwCH+mDJDjzad0uHcnJ9pBUEngqdlR0kGN7eLsk4fJrRnElZjqBjn9gaO71JnhPlXAKhsK3l/vHBEUfDEUu2mnAcedgAiqAwjG3M9gRhFix5JQEbRnodejoLPz3cR14ZwcaY0dInMCz9rCLqGwPu3+4hLMX+RNTqE9fgZAe2PUO0RgCV/ZvDx45TbTzFeIAhrnswLQAIzcuAJBI49rjxW1tXnNt0vSfezWZGmErCeQBuZ9eIw4psfgu8IuWkSgdqI+x/NbS8V/rtI1oEll1GU/dy5c20msjsA6ADg/1sRdTVnzhwlNUFKQlws7ukDMYP/c4GgJEZbeoZF/Um9EfiVkXY/Rh/a4G574+BM8LlahTshWGu7CsHSXwLlVnN7Vv5W34RhzA/BaMT31iRc6nK7n/M5qETWszMewFrWq8V8/Ys9sTh/VYOU1Az4++kRaQf8pHwpt7+oC/QeGIfZc73x2YhwKj8jXJqrABRV6MoIJ0diuMtZ3YFelYHPqAyHEUqDuexVCVg6lMcU968BMH+JG0v4CezcVOUX7UwgEoDBHZNwe5wO9yYHIuMnqqraEbbh52aO+ny9ViQyfk2C91UvJFAJRv8YCF2v32B8iurq8RvAE7K8yrhAAPKHfOaUCsUqJ8xDd1Tr6z37V2Q3Ve2zxRKjMZ9HpQGX+VmtZG6zQ7xqHaEi/Rna6UeQ0o77cZY4qkAR1QnExfzxUvPKZ5ktx/rOc/v378fPP//sqIAOAP77y/fff4+jR4+aK7UJvloNMjPScSZKnfJKAFiN4KvOevMOL/SlxEXtU61umz1pmHFAQ+iZ8gBQwk2UINXO2xtyAfjiehNG7tWi/T4DRp4pmOP36zWg7Wx1qqrqI9WoyscdZkXjwI/nceOe/beu3HNAtbmuLYDm7bIwcmwIZn3ug36fRROAJjSQiQ+6sHKmAxumE5S0qKO4bqRrbshzgeDuLx8dADO1hF+tvOALaZOKu+P9cXuqDoFdDIikMkzdS1j0iFYh52YFP3eZ7IDr3gzj1SUEeJXL2rHIqhuOGwvP4c6o0zA9dwco4aHGk+blY7dVIJa4TCgShiWp5OqdUoCnm0rr2+1krvozW2I05Oub+B0bUjXWZ7gRWk4/42Hfowgcc1R5DFdzyGsuXFf5IDDxSq5yhJqrabnfilxsrS+6juIA4L+1yFAk+UNaMvOVmxBZTTwaSkV2nf/dC4TVXIqJSttVq+u+W7W+o/YHYdC+COVxAQiaQdiQIKy4hZaTULoQkIqrHl7Iysprf7b8StgNIzTH8z1T1ZB5+5pMNWLSGl+M/UKPORt0uKHJQpwBuEmVevIicIV1PTKm4PeS1BexvdIGKIpPlF9rWuGxEwMxa64G7btG4+t/ZiMuQlV9w53zws8SogbHNiuoAv8sANMopCIJ22ja3uAOSbg3NgC3pmvg1zNOscKyXtShgeoZl3jyqxP6Dc0QFPhV5fOyBN9zjHKMevxhGsQiyv0OtN3Ow6f374j7kIrvMTP8LPEYr2aP3SIE+SOWoF19jCfvldMIHX4cwaOP54WfJWpKmozZ4iqA+xlZTX+G96wjyGihPs8BoDUIBYL/VO8/LP8r6ynM5GIrF11HcQDwP6bITLwyRti6YqfbuB/G2UDWiW9UsFkg13R3FmZ9762oQWcbEHQ1w7K23Mfnshm68XF5xrFeJMxqUOk5T+K+zROWukzm+6ZmKzM5D1wSiUZ8rfPsGEz/whtdxqahSnuyoAPVqYzw6Acs3Eh45IPUbirVarTBjZoQpG3UNkDpEXZtkYZ5i4Kh0/vgwslgDHdLxih3E4ZTjY0QELpYQZCPB1CxBWkfDQCTzmVC1y4aHlR7HlP0BB/h5WpCtJOqCsUWCwATLSkyP6aoNlhAKPAr+UCNF0P5Y8g4vziE9r4PXfcLMD3picxSt+Hd9xziPhYI3skF4OM31RAIPkGF9tglxFQ+B+3UX2GyKL58vcJ4Yz9Q57AKNVdV/QWMPYqoAUfyqr/84UQl2ICKMTgZASFBObPVSDqRXGzlousoDgD+xxSxJ59//nnOTYDkua3ZOYISVDXnvCsXbqL8uu9NwJQDOrjYsMIWJVh1K3DEasRTeLjMZBKo3LRowEoo9+lwzQM/oxl+EcpEpo2pDF90B95vQfs8xwvdxyXAqS+3789j6KPCsMMoIDDfPb5/PcH13YCPP+J7XwPefQn46E1gxkTAT58F3f2HmD/cF19M02LRqGBM65qAMc2yFPgNb6wqwIF1CKWgPwdA2U7awCSH0NfPFz4eGngNe4DgNimKBc4Bn6sVAGmB062n04rgSdpNy1iDIHyDEKwSRarHIbtpLPzH30dg+yswlfLmv/6eovwyyhCCfQSC13Ih+MRtswqUuIHkN37nNieRWeW3gspPUmTkXgZv78sDv/juR6GfcsS28suvAqv/gJRl16EN8s2j/vbu3euocA4A/ueVffv24ciRI8pjyzCv/O00MlPS2JNqB4e1ChQIjtkfiIH7Im1a4ca7VPsblQSkZrBym91vVJg/LntEKDM0C/Ry4DdFVX6DCL/G5mns36KCK0UQlarHetksHdOX+mDQtAgFgi5UgG4DyIdOQP/p/Awr8RrkD/RuB9T/hNtRWTXn+9sSOu41gVaNgAPfAdMIzxGumZjZKxZLxgbii6larJisx5IxQZjaLRqLhiYiMTFN6bWU9CE5P9lW99QVyEnys9g96ViSXk5JmLbceF3SPyRRWl4z8SQmLSfTPskFXs7SDL/YIfwN8o+CiaFado1VwyUeaa0joZnpgYhuBF9JhgJAwu7xO8pSgWC/fErwcRWAmaWvw7v/SaS88jtQ4WLeHmF5LAnTH/+k9vDms77prY6qHR+uxUSDI/CdeAQJyerwOkmDmT17dpHzODoA6ADgv61Y/qCWrH4Z6mXr3r33KD7qfEuo7cyFoIukvyhW2CePFZb2P9nm41XqGPrBXwFtFgOdCIBx2wjdC0YcOqlB+5lxisoroPwmqW2BtYYCpWllyzdSo3R9fn6fbExc6Idx8wPQZGC2AkKBoFjjI+bxvbF0Xr3a8thqAx2pHjtIEDLt3dSlALApgbhwNMFJIA5poFrg0U2MmNA6HRM7JGBG73DcvBIA/wBfBWSWkHMjN/KxXiejIgR6MmxOxrsK8GxN82Siq40nqCOqqB0ikTyGSFGZlcm53kC2rXkFbvLKUZVfyCkecT2C4D37FhK60wpXilCn7y7jrcLvcSsIlr2lQvAjMwSpDo1P3oK2+1nEfnJObQescFnNb3Iz22AZGtfuPL0/19f5MafjI2DcEUT1J/wa2wE/bp/QhQCcdwx4mF7gAusoDgD+RxZJTciZJAHmW0vGFOxh2HkfqLw1LwRF+XWjFZ6qWGGCjE6nISH3KgH26jDWJS7rz+C6mWrI8+qTZIb0DIxc4Y1u8wxUeqacNj/LDYzcp6tT2FsDsCxBVb+nan8HTo3ArOXe6Do2XoFgra7ARPPdFbes53FVMUPPtWDIelGEwwidH7eobX59qgL9qqu9wqMJzLMHrcBlVn4CNUuitjyWdfbcED6vnAbSKLTieR5iaOHjxgDJ+9W5Am2WG1nIqh2FgLFetKF3kdZK8gDj+YVpicsQgOV8aHPzAlBVgrfUNsEPrsHE9fqOvyOiNuH2GO3xUwRgmYvqTLgyjE7uajX2FhBCQn9xlzD8QVF7cT1ofScfsU/5MYyEps/0n5Daiu+JzkA0r0TWHW2O4gDgf2QRiycJqiEhakOadSXPX/Z6q+2BNbapILRAcPT+YAzdH4bqmwirEcCb0rkxh6Ccy20+zxvuXFdtIvBCnwyMWKHB/I2e6LcoOs/d21wJiDdbsp7WV+FXriHwfGOoiq+/umwzLBVTF+swZm4gnPpkoct4SbegoutB693ANvysw62WtAdSMZIpZw8BP/DYL1DsJMQW3bb3Z/MA/0yJ942F96RbVGGSHB1HtcZw4wE2esgT46PGU/dywKfaYQ9lmVnqFjQ9foPnoLNm+Mlrt7n9Df6ABN48XtG2+lHeW026upE/cLUfkNGS1ne2WN+f7QMg1V/YkKMI/YwWuhmhmgp8tfFrZcYeR3EA8D++yK0eV6xYkdv+HhGRd9p1q+LLOjjvAlXUPrV3uBphWOMbI2Yd0qLe7DhUHK+Cz+3zgvCTkPWNZwEv9jOizwIfLPrnNXSem5gHgGKB32iVC0Cxv283Ve2uKEAJ535qO6CowamLvDFp6UNIvnR7F8LRqWj4iQp0rUHwnSj+3KQk8KKQmivh/j8AKB0oosR1gXqkjYnmCY5VwWdpD3Tjj/BOgGqDS3qq6S9mu6sC0AOmJzyg7/wbrs46gYT3rqmvlWQ8Rfh1CbT9wWfDYKx+CJoZR5TOjyJ7fS1BQKa2UdsKsxvQPo+4gnv372H5iuV/7pahDgA6APjvKOvWrVPat6w7RKRNsLASlwZ4UYhconC8xzr61YkMTFjthfaLUhX151oIAF3miArMxuhVOtQdE4XX+mdi+jpv9Jgfl9P5IRb4g86qBS7XSAVh7W55AWgJpVe4XzpWbAqE130NBnSJRxuqxbbORUNQOkeuFHITo0R+n3MbgU20yasI4rXtqH6pWjW/qzdF+quKqG+58Mj0UZYkYtyiEq/FE90oJheCsmwQpSrAUl5W9leFn/Gp2wr8IupcRmZJc+9w5auAJEtXoM39lAD8xYbvjk5DwGSquYFH7IMfQ0aI6KYcQUJ3GWnyA7K+0WDu0gV/6Ib2DgA6APhvLzJBwsyZM3N67ESFWM/jVlSRTbquBFrNS8KsTd5oMi9LAV0B+H2uwm/aBh0GfBGJVwcCJTpRSY7JwOyvfTBgcaTSMeI2DagzPLcH+OO2fJ8N+ElYOkGOXxSApGDLRj9MGaPDwK4JOWqwnUte+Mm61oRkpI1BJoG3VOjNqQosJHiXcrsltODzaZk/r27Ez6zgmWmPHnzSBCHnW36HAm2LB9NUCNYmBJ2tVGANSt7nfHJSYQSC6eVpfXv+hshaZtv7xB1kvEwIDiYEqxKClagc6/Oq1Z/ePzOvQouIjYL/V78pNjgnFaYY6xsx8CiCxhCY9RitTuPghp3Ys9+R9uIA4H9hOXnyJDZu3GiXFbYuujDWTyq3xrOBfiujMflrPYFnUoCXH35TCb+BhJ8TAenM7d8eSjvcW3ICszFyuS+GLgtCwwkmZUjc21Reb7mrkLOl/mRdtY7A8HmEiDnN5uI5AV4ipo/3w9xpWozoH4UuzbIU6IkqFPsrnSRfLCz4PWL4VZfz9QVUniu4XO5qFfLc3YivR2tw7BHN6CQXG5lbUGy1nOsiLzY3+AWH0I83iFFhKOFEEL4XCryqA571QuJb1+Hd9yzi3zfnAj5DKJZhPOuBjDfvwGfyFcT15LaN+IM1eACE5LbzShqPRq+FMZLKsP3J3N7goqxv26Oq9XWnXa7+IwK+PIc5i+Y5Oj4cAPzvLdIWeOPGjRwrLKkfxd2n9rR0Hk5W2/4EbENXh2Lc+oAcK6zCz6jAT5SfgNKN0Goyn9vzsTtfX3kQGLkeWLw9BHM36bDhpyx406lNWgZUlpy+HmqbnwV+DXupyq83wRthNa+eNDutW87tKwJdmqdi4ogQzJuhwdQxQejf2YCmdbIxrJeMTMn3Jfi+H3gsc6vxHLjng585VhCAW6ZpMJ/KNMznz51fSTwX2Ml5lRQasbp29yaLYAsgJM9nqOFPgHWjCqwXiuie3vCZchWpdXlgL3jT6lIVvsB4zROoqCfwQpDRIpjAukYIannyqAJvqFJW0qCk48tyz154Eqzuv1Cam5VgfhC6qL2+0lZoaP8TLfUhZH9xD/MWzFdu9+koDgD+1xYZFzxjxoycoUuWXuGiruq/0jbWnJzb6yvgG702CCPXBKuwU+CnVeDnbFaEdcYDH1L5vd5Wbe+bRlW1aT9wl3Uz0fAQwYE+yEhPVkaN7KHA6DSG9bw7hQYVX91utLC0yF/v5rbJti35/h18TxOKnUr8/JpGdGoWS2scgE3rtLh1I4BQj8nznVJY55dRIS5pbBt+FgBum6nB54TkqfX2nU+Bmyg9SZK2JEjLjMhpaY/GR5t6RSB48F34TrmFrGZUda709W5UhS4harjysXuYus45DJnNCcHZhGBrHyXNJiUjFV5eXkqTR56i5+8/8HeCklemuj+qQ92srG/wsJ8Q1pWv1af1PfgA+w/sx559DuvrAODfoPz+++/KjastvXgyp5v11Eb5y21/KsBJee2uyxyTogKHrw7BpK98VfgRkPUJyjeo6Eo3UNv3SjJeJlzqEGrVO6lwm0oY6vyT4efrowyfE+mTTnGi4edcpbPzpKBJsmNiEbnT26XfqOz2AcdZf/2V21gYkZxsUKa0FyDJ9wp6EAiv65FY3tKAlS0yVbvrogJxmVNuyLqttNXzawK7RhOaUfwMHotBJmhWeJaNtPRURdVJm54oPLG3kigtF5ZHbQ2TU1OgWXMbIQPvqaBzCVWXRYUZgpqJ1xGuDYNGpyl8pEY6ryRH+eU+O68qQmX6q8OI7XAY+iUnYFpB6R+YjPs6b8yn+su0KEhHcQDwv71s3rw5Txa/VOjC2gNjE2ln56npLRYIigpsMjcb63deVDpGGvN5TUKjvLOa1lLeSY3SDakEZeTGQLVNT2yugLDZYMDD24jwsGAFUmlpKX/J95Q8SOnt9rkVgfVDArFlqg5baZm3TNFj83h/bBodhI3DQ7BhaCg2DgvFri9uYN2AMHzdLxSHJj/A3pEBODTTFydo709/o4HndT+ERoQoyeSiqv5wsrQ9qo8XIlGUPgEaJO6MUO2sWxHQk9fcrZb1wpDU2x9nLp5FqL3354iiQvSKQ+qVEHhduI2MZFXBxicZMH36dMd9PhwA/HsVUSsyWYIl700qnSgay3T6+ct82tfqE1UbbEl1Udr8VkZi3FeBGLz8AcrSXpZpkAs/iTKNWB975O3kkMeiBJsSgmH8uKREg9JDKpXsr8oty7HAjVSr+0XLDKxqn4I1XQ1Y1ysW6/s+xBedorBp0m3MqPQQiyrHYM0n8Vj9QRK+rpSGb+pnYWt14ABhHnXvr/tdZKy2XBBEwRpNhGs0owmh1tAGBC3P6zAqElDvMF4LR0olf3jPv4nYWw+h8dUi1hBn12dnUT17+1IxpiTn/CdWrlyJCxcuOCqMA4B/vyK5XNIeaJnW3HKLQ1v5gUHRaodGgxkW+GlzOjycaYd7TA1A+xGBhJ5JAaHArxTV3z9aFd7DK+1901bmtqVJpRcgW47n0coqWmWCW9r3VlhbYLMNnvEuMPppYGU3LYbxn7bgWT4uw21L8/WSfFye9rgG8C0t/e4mQELQoz08aYuV30O+f4E7sh2mha0SzBNtBUFZ1ma8TuiVCefJZjwbicQP/OA16jqSWvC1BvHIGBsD72P3EZsSV6zqlPZLy/19pcgsz998842jojgA+PctV65cUW5kbbmXgzTeS6dIgUZzll9uAvWnZ2PCeh0GfhmpAFEUYe1xaltfiyEh6DXRFy+4ZOM52uBX3JEzoYGtHD+xw9I2qLWapUsmG5A2NamM9t6a0d4SG6z2AC+oY4agm7qc9SHh9wzjKSrDnhpMf04FnnWsKMsgEL/he7fVBM5MVaH6rxa56Ch2t7AcQUvZmABU4xeo90CF36dm8EmUkzkFIxBbXQfv0TeQ1jJcHVMsOYU1Y5HRKBLe2+8WCUFJ17EMl5Ry8eJFLFmyxOaQSUdxAPBvVeRG1nJHL0uRRnPpOSzQqE9L9svvOgwi/CpPUCdAkHSXj/qoHR7S3tewTyT6TvHBx+3SlMkNCoOfdZ7fNhv30bbMXCMwzH8XuX+lBHkAq1sDc6oAiwjpBbWAsQTbqKeAkQTgV300WFG+IAAllnO71S8DO6gYv+V3jQ/818An6TIW629PQjrO8jz0INzeJwCfIQBLhanK77lwhLp6QjvuNjKaRanjil2tRpU0JARrR8B7JyGYXBCCAj4BoKXIObd2Bo7iAODfvshN1QWEliJpMlI5LQpAvWm5FnExkYodXnEYaLVInQ3mpZaqAixHMLxIa9n8swTMWemN7mMTlIlNiwJgrS5qikxhRXIUpU1MKmV+a54pPccE2i87gV2rgIP/BG6cIzyLafJKpMs7v43gHQxMf4fwo/ob+yShWNqIbf01+KKCbQAqEKQl3lpTtcO+v/w5qyvAk3Mrlv8P30XNm9tX5Q/wcSTwLhXjRxHwH3gHgWO8YHSPVSdUcI3NGwLB+nHIbBoF7wueiE3IPUECYWn7tbS9Sm+2dHrIWGVHcQDwf6ZIRVy6dClOnz6ds056OgU+UmlFjckMyNYlKY31kY6sAy3wp+2ABr1yrW2roemYsUyDwdMjciY2sAVBscCjFhR/fAZDAgKD/BAQoIUhMRJ3LmViRg+gZ3WKomrq0hIjm1HVEoZpqYXvLzkGOLWM0HsVmEzLO6kEl08bsb6XBrOfBZbS8n5RCAA30DJv5Wd67rT//Iqdlxm5LaNC/tTtI8ko06QkmN4nwComIbVRNLyn3EFEXz/b4MsPwWoxyPwyAd5+Poq6k99XfleL7bbMH3n79m1HhXAA8H+viNWUnuFr167lrJN2KckbzA8/6zJ1JVC7qzqeV1Sd+0DWR2UiAyOGzwrAhAW+aD44o0B7oEUBTv/SvuMLpUu7cDINS6eEYsoADWZ95o8ZfWIwplUmhlJ5DnGGshzUCOhWGZhPhRf/sOB+9L8B65sQctxmelk1JlMBTnnGiHUE4MQSKhDnl7INwPXvqgpQV8RcoKKoLAnSFgUr0PmzvdzGs0ZkDcxEVulUZD+ThohaofAcTEtbMRrG0mnIfodgrEcIuhcBwYakfrt4ZCdk4ebtm/Dw8MiBnzR3LFiwAOfPn3dUBAcA/3eLVFKZNOHu3bvKc7FHltmRC2sQ3/o9xUUnoMkgoHFvqsHWwGsNgQq1gTJUZDXbPcTImV5o1v8hqrYHnPvmjv+VNsBvDxd9TFdpa2d+RqXHfTq9AVQirGqWMaF5RQMGtnqAOaO0WDbZF7MHRWBsm1QMczMpMOxWCVgyXLXKOW2AN6js6gKrGgDrCMuZzxOA5QR+DLMCnEH4zeC/bebjwIKnCMqSaieINQC/4/tj9QXb9eT8ST6lBXpyAflXEqRNBhOyZ2chs0YmjO9lIvXlBOh6+EDfTYO0Vw0wlklDVrkUZBKMmWVTYPzEkHdqrfxRMw7R58Oh8dcqalSaOuR3lSGSv/zyi6MCOADoKKL2BIJSISwN4ZIeIe1WGTZGA2ipzBr0BCq3IfRqAaWqEny0iOVqqFGKj1+tn4muw/3Qeagf3m+SoSg/UYF1uxOyhaSUiIX9eiFFC9/fldDqVo9Ks5wadQijWmUIUNrXGoRS+6rJmDUoDCum6rF8qg6Lx/tjzuBwfOaegLM/ZtA9mpCeCGzuQJDxGNc5q/H568A0vn/6swI8Ezb0oAXmP01iljnmMuYzFhO8ywjK9e8Av47KRioVs5wXSV+RC4VATzoTpN3yT1ncAr4ZyBpK1Vc5E9ku2YhsFw7PQXcRVTuMqo9KsFwqssqn5IaAsCTXf1QIBJ3iEd5DB91pHyXH0HIPFMkCOHz4sOOP7wCgo1iK3PBn8uTJuH//fs46qdi2xpWKi2pB2/tkRRV45WsWjLI1VDVYt2MMBk70Vpb/aEoArSvMQgJr5gBtqwB9XYEBtKzNP1RhJ/CzDgFiVYLQlepwCFXdqJaZmNApCbMGRGHeiECsmctKr9Pj6glfbBwYhK1Dw7C5fxT+2SsOX7okYc5raVjwokQqNg3wwvzn0xl8/lIqFr9jwEpJiq4XgbWuD7ChrT/2TdDD47wOfgG+isWV8/JXjAoxLslG9idZSG2VAt1kHfT9tUh72aBY3jzgyw/BUqkwVU/ItcMusUrP8IORGvgOuQvTr+ooD1F+kuh84MABxx/eAUBHKUwJ3rx5M1eUmGcWsc7R+24fbS/VVIWaKuRsAdASogZfb5iBjlSCPUbpcd+n4DhVmcll72bWW1rNDjVV69uHYGv8KmFXtiAALVG9FLf/FLTAanvgZ07A4EZA//pAgDYTP81OxdrWCdjc5yG2DI7AtpEPsHWkP77u5Iv1HXzxdRc9dsy/rDxWor0f1jYLxKpGYVhdMworPozD0jeScGJmOvWk8a89+Tzl6XXSETL4AbxmeSK6bxSyK1IJlkwtHH6WoBXOejFFzQN0iYOJajBgnKfSU4wqMcA1I9Iy07F8+XKH8nMA0FGKKmLx5OY3586dy1knakcgGB8XDS8tUK8l61p7QqiVCkGBXLlCACjrS1ZVlWLz7glYtFKL4CB/Wus03LwKzJuiTntfifa2EoFWmcuqAr1XuCyZa39tRS1uV+95Qs9JheBQVzV68TOvHAN2U6WuIgzXEo5rndRYStU4j/Z3TgnGk7TA0gv8hGp9Z1qF2OAVLwL/pH3e0oDn5S+cFUo6SiI3RcKT0AoeFoz0pmkw0gJn1clAVumU4gFYXm0TROVEZLaIgm7aHYQN0Sn3HYaLAQZtPOYvXoBjx445/uAOAP79i7TjXb16NWfcr/ROXr9+HZ6enspzaaSX12XMp6RoSJE2LbF3lu0XL16Mn376KWefYp+Cg/VY9OUD1GpGp9URcOsENGwLvN1QVYICQllaojSfl+XynUbqdi4daGlpbfd+H4td3/pgzOBgtGqcDqdPqChpaauVzw0B4QeEVMWngJoEXd0KhavAbvyM4e55AXj+CLCzH7Can72O69YRkGsIsoXl1FjAfc4rZVQBKDAkBAWEsx+nTednrqey3M73fcv9buT3uLjSDpBlAZlUs1kJ9v9WsfGx0NzTwH+UH1Kbp8DoRPC5ZCLLNVNd0pYrCq8YABqfTYehejS8P7+F2F6BSvsf6icisrsvZs2ZhYuXLiqfJ7mV8tvfu6cOcJbfX/4blmYO+Q/IqBDJDJD2X2nblG0f1XRfDgA6APiXF/kDb9u2TbGzktIif+AtW7Zg3rx5ym0zpbeyS5cu+PHHH5U/vFQCyQcT6FmmUpI//5o1a5T9WEYtRESbMHxiMCbN1qN5t0w4tVchKFGvNWFFyLxN4LzRQF3Kc1lv2catM+tkCyo3KsJmdU0Y0S8KC2b7YGTvIDR8KxWVS6vgqyJqkED8kED64DF1WeVZtT1QVF8dK1Uo61p/aAVAqsl+dQH9feDQWLUHWAC4nq9/wc+dz+0Xlldj0QtGbO6vUdbNo9qcX1JdLn1ZBZ8AUGILVeSh3oAx2zb0Yi8BmtnArR7AdX7f620Aj/6AH6GZ6G1b8YnSlgtUQHAAUu6nILtmNrKds1TwWcKdUSkdWaVSimwDlDbCiPoh8Bx+Fyltw1T4uSXD+/3LmNZxMu55587mIL/9wYMHld9alvL/aNu2bU4u4MKFC5X0mFOnTinwk44xSZR2tBs6APhfV/bs2YNdu3blPJc/s0yLJW19gwcPVnoDRRXK1X/t2rXYsWNHgdSXvXv3YtmyZUhMTMB1D6ozQq33sBjMXuiFroMS0Lhdrhp0txGyXl5XtiEAP61EOFZQp7Nv6yQ3OzehR7OHGNNXi2Fd/eD2QQI+oiJ7/zEVfpaQ5x8xPqZC+5SvV3mGyrC0pMcQpu/mAnAg1egYWnOZb/DyVmAZ1dt6NxWAKyuquX55ADhAg4UVzOsqqIBc/T4B6JYLwG2Nge+oXDPyzVmYpAXuDqHa5GdcoOq8RPBfdlLjYj2upzK9QAut+5zKMIphzFA6mwR8kjqTo6p4XjNrZeSFn6uVCnw91SYEjWVSkfFCEvw6a6Hr6oP0NxJpeyk/3ZJw5uMfMav3dIREhhT4X8gFcf78+coFUMrq1atzZg2XC+WkSZOUkUIyU41sK0C0bhd2FAcA/+OL2BpRfPInliIpLbNmzcq5SbqoOoHfhAkTit2XJMsuXDgLy1b7K/ZX2v9a90zDtHkaDJsYQriZlHUW0NkKAWF9QugNqre3XgBaNlLv59GB6+q/A3zyNLf7RwIGt/fDyJ5adKgfgRrl0/EP/gveZfzDDMKPCMAPrUD46ZNAcwJwRBO1HbB7FULb3NMcx7q/mvBa01hNhC4WgGKNCdTN9WwAsGleAMbSUV7i+vME3BVuc8XNvJSgCr3qrMZlNyPONIvH+fn+8LqpQXhkeIHUIpO3qXAAujEa8bWXrSAoqq9UGhI+fgivQfcQ5hyM7FK0sC+lw9gwDt99tAEr5y1HSobtMdWiAuWC99133ynPV61apSRJS5GebbkIyrqjR486KpIDgP99RW5g3aNHDwWC0nsrqSxdu3ZV7I6kcIgKkT+82Bq5ibo9xc9Ph/4DZ+GDGqfg0lFtzxPwDZ8UgukEYYe+SXBqZ1lvA4BUf58QQK9bANgwF4CNPsir9mpUSEeHeuEY3k2Lzzr6omXVaFQvl6GoQAsIBYIVaY0rEoT1Ca0B9VXrO6F93rHB13cAiyupbYBfUpEtKF04AOcRjqs/zGt/LRb4hwEEldkCJ+tVlXepvhX4BHpOalxuko0LnRNxdmQwTk/X4Oy4QJxrmYDb/Uww2hiuZ4oxqaBzyiwcgo0Z76QpvcKZZZMR3Nwf3gPvw/BhjAJDlM5GeNlALKk6G7t37lbyIG0VGfMrF759+/Ypyl4uiKNGjcLOnTuVi6X8VyQpXmyvY5SIA4D/lUX+uHJfYLEz8meXG6VLe97WrVsVKAoA5fHu3bv/0AwgaWlJWL5iLSrV/goNWqUqqk6g12lAImbO12DohFCuMyptg3kAyO2c21LJvQq8+TyXL6u3sRT4tWmodnp8RJh9/KS6FNC9J6Aj3Oq9koyujUMwrIsOwzrr0LlhKBq+noRPnjIqMBRbXId2uHFZqkCqU1/PvMcsqXqnVwJLqwJf1MyFnzUAF5RT4fcFleR2gmy7lfqTx9IJcs18zxBjJi3kMFrb6maVR+Bd4fJSy3T83jsGZ8YF4PQ0Lc6M91eeX26WpW7D/f5eGfi/9s4EqspqDcNl5a2uZbfJ5XDTzG7iCCriBChOOaTkgIoiTuGQKKImUiIzKJMxC4IHFW+UmeWwNMWBQS3Nq5JwGGWeRA4oM+fw3m//Pwgh2nBbdbXvWWuvM3A4CuvwrPf7997fvunfxi+WxKpeWY963UbZtSFB9eh6aYKkzKgUN5ZdR9aUDNS9VIGGDjVARzXinzyHTYYbcenaw0tVUX4HBwdLAhTCE6Wv+Gz4+flJnwtx/TggIEBaBcAHobMAmTY4+e0x6BvZYqD+dUmCBtJkiEYqh21IhLOWqCQJNqVB8ZqRE0h+lLS60ujdTT7PVwhwFCWufiQfrWdl+Ylk9/aTjeOJFjIUyZBK4snaRVjyHpXJJkosnpoGkxF5eL+vCuM6VyPU6cF/sAlHKMnR/8P+NcCuvVzqOnTUIMgsCc6USH37ymWvSH/3yl+S1i4SdBjJurzxXHDVRRLZ0HrEGt/F2YXFiF6ViZMbk3FyQzJOr8hGzMxyxI9Ty2nQQBZfU2kcT+9zQVxLbGO/sua4BnUDatsUoBBf9fgqZHyYjkSbRJS9r4JmOFmTEmjFwLvY+WYwXDe5ori8mD+cLEDmjyAvLxNrrBygNViBkVOq76XBqaaVWP9JMqw2p2HS3BrpOZEAh9MffjdKWp0peQ3rKyY/5IkQHZLPgI7y2j8x+dGrpQBbjaYSWIixT3s1JcEKGA8phu2STLiuS4WPXRKSbqQjLz8XpWW3UFFdhpr6CqgbxN5cjVTCpsfI6/rcOwE7ejdgz1oldunLsgul53fqytcAw4zqoXivCiHj7+BswG0U3y5AZnYmLoQn44SlEtGU8E4vy8M5ExXiJtVKgmtKgy2l95NBYj1LabKoreV4tY3b4AY1p0CNgbwkpsCsAAm2Ccgzz5OebzCgWEvvdUX7CmwMbXDoyCH+QLIAmT8eDb766gBGjvkYA0Zdk0Qnrg+KRDjPogSbHRKx3DobE0zqoEcC7EKS6/6aXP4KAU4cCvR/sXntnyiB336IAMV4R1z3e0oe2s+TOCk5GvcBlovZ6SFqnDlagdu3b+H8kVx85pqJCLt0RHmm4Eh4Eo5HKhF/IhkXj6XicxJ05Bq69TkPhUU6wszTEGqWgpAFSoQuSkLIQiWCZqbh31Y3kXI9G7dUhVCVqnBpcS3iRsii+1nhtSHAGB0g7QH9EBsyGlA/jsrdwfXSQuiS2SVI3HQD6ZZpqJ5QhQZ9WXzlw8sRqhUKx3WOyC7M5o8hC5D5MynIz8LGj1zQT9cfuuNvSRMeQoJGMzRYvLoAto43sGhlPt54XQ29Ps2TH2O15TV/Qn4iAb4tBPhUc/nbWn5Ns8B928vLX5rWAU4R6wDHCgECPiuAyNWAIyU5cdyluHWiROdIsnUYpoa9Xh28jWtwMrAK++ZUIHTZdbh1q4Jb12q4da6F66v1cKHS2I1Kdd/eQBAJa+9kSo7fQpwihMsk+biRv1B4bQlwMHBjw0N+mYkNKJtbiqTlSUheo8SdaeVSEgR9v0h+0X2jYTPeBl8f+fqBEx0MC5D5E4iJicYME1to6X5DZXF98/VB43osWJELu48TsWpRHmZNrMNUSk1G/UmAHWQBiiQoye/pFiJs10qC7e5vjiBEOLlRgIt60e2rJDu9xoPPG88BaX0gujOVunZd6X7XBkRQOStE5/UGjW4k0J5AwABIZXHT9UBRMgeSCL/zBX4wAeL/RwEm2rT9+xOtqlJuyq3IVGEqaWE0tEly9PMoByrhMsgFfp5+KLlTwh82FiDz/0htzV0oFHswerwd+g07C90J8qywIgq4+kM9lszJh92mRFivzMZ0g2ppC1zT7o9eLQXYaoiv9aNyd2hbDRH6Acu0ALO/AWu6A9vH3i+9e4Ok5tJHnvW1e1GDXZS0wo0aZdditJ4JDqNSN5Dk9Y3YZzzqtwtQLI7O3NniIoJGc69Ts9iO+JODoVRAblAu/Ab7wcHCAdeSrvEHjAXIPArcLsmHt08gho5ygGLvd/eed90CGGqrsdK8CJ9sUMJidjomDijDwH80SLO9bz3Ztvz+9XTbjRF0KDnOpQS3hG7NSGob6P52owfIjwTkOoxKY3ofe3q9wysaBC5Ignfv+9f+3Tfoe3eRBP0pJZ6iNHjR6DcI0FBePlN+Wd6PLc4KEctSRE/BpgXrTQgp7t6zG3Yudoj5PobLXRYg8yiSl5uOgIAd0ra7uLhYqFRqrLMARlFqmzamAdNHlGPJ9HSsNU/CbMMc6HauRK928tKXt9o1pkIaOi/cn/7EvuARr1Hp2wlYTF9fSMNuSGPp+wABOvWU05/9S7IAgxYmYWtHucxtufujrSEkGUDyiyQJXhjzy6XXtEA6lkraGLMSpChToUxWtnlWiJCiOJtXLFA/ceIEH1PJAmQeB0TKCQoKhJOzPQ4cOIFNlhWYoAfoUzmqRaWrXpc6GA8vwgczUrDcRGyFy8eQTpVS8hONEEQ36NYJULsDYNxDTn/m9PXlneQD0B8kP3Eguv3LjQmwUYDBJN4tYv/vO78gBYptcfT+wVRmn9F+iAQbpXde7AoZX49zc0txanUGjlslIfVyFu5W3H/+sbjuJxYgiz26Z86cYfGxAFmAjyMF+QWI3L8XW7duwVLzCMyanAnD3nI7LLEYuieVwNqvVMOYBLjKJAVWC5RYPCkHU/qXYUQntZT6dP4ud4Qe80+SH4lrET02I4l9rCMfhP7A8lfMDL8gy6+lALfSe7p2+Xn53dsaR+KOmUyJTuf+lCeu88VOrcLZhUU4ZZWGkzZJiF6ZiZNjVEjz+WlTVdEMQbQkE6fziTM6xC4dhgXIAvwLUFlVidjYaLi5uWLNandM1jsF3dfLMFFLTncDGlOfQbdazNS7BQvjDKwzV2L1nFSYGuVi+qAyWEyoxdIeDZj/DLD2zcb013K0nvwYSOVvhzYEKJogvCzP/IY/qAw2bB4B/YGsk0DiepEE1Tg3qQJnzYoRbZmBk5uUOLUhBWc+yEOM8V3EDG1ALP27WTvkn1tMeojGFE1lrrjlM3lZgCzAvzDZORmIitqHRfMdMKLvp9DrHov+z5VD+zm5Jb5oeyVS36AXGzCmRyUsphTD8cNMOFgmw940Ge7z0uG/LA++80vgZVyB7RPrsG2smlJfA9wMqPQdRcNQbopg96wswSYRBpkpsfUF+bqguA4YTq8P05e3v4XrN8rPSIPdVMoqplQjwkSFsJmFuHI6E6mpKfjhsBJxnpT05ubh1NhynNWrR8wASoE0LlJSTFoOFJ6uQ/rNNER9HiX12xN7b0XDiqbeiwwLkAXIQKw0Tkn9EcFBu2E+zxH9u3qi+9PH0POJXJJgPcZRyTuL0tdcSlTzB5G0lgDec+qwfdJd+JrdQsAHuQhem46QDckIWZ+CEGsxUhFMySxwZQ785ufBW78AniOK4UGp0nNYMcKtr9D9Erp/CxFmhdi3NB/7LHIRuSoLkVbp2L8+lUYK9lOqE/f3rcqEwrQAWQkqVNeIfn4aaMhj5eeB/HCSuSdw0wv4MVCFmD1XELYrHM7ujvDy9pImNUQjVIYFyAJkflaG+QUZ+OKLL/GR9XZMNXCB0YAgmL97Bv4O2bgSLzcTjQ+jJEdC3C5KXgN5okOUvNvHqeHxbi08KbV5z7iDHXNL8em8W/AaVQTv0QXwGZeHHRNzoLD9Hj5j8+A3KR97FxViL5Wye0xvI2K2CopplVBMrsHuCfVSChTpcNcwIHIS0NCqQ/ztOyX4MeU6Pj/0GTw/3QY3L2eEhO/EhYsXflXHHYYFyAJk7qOm9g6UKdfw5cHP4BfgBfdtTvDZ4YHttvth1j0O1oNSYKtbAueRGmzTl4XoMbp5iMfbaDh1kQ9FEp2fRRusnQtTsIUee/UAIuh1CpJchKE89oyWh7gvnhclsXffCuz/MAfXE65JHbaDgoKkJT6it55oMxUdHS0tZfldzglmWIAM06YQa2qQnZ2NuLgY7NsXCQ8Xf1gtdofZRAcsMPTAfN0QmPbdjwW9D8OiXzxWa/8HawclYm2vNFg+lQOr9gVY93w+3N6PxdpnCuHSJw/ug2/CWUcJe53r+GTgJVhrncJKrQNYrq3A8pF+WDrWGSumOcHdyQehu0IlAYoGouKgod/7jGCGBcgCZH594Uy1aUFxDhKVCTh/IR7HTxyTzkYJCQ6Hr9dOuNv7w3aVD9Yv9IS1mQc2rHDCBnNPbLH0gstmX/i4BSHIbxd2h0fg4KEvcebsaVy5ehkZWam4UylKWRYdwwJkGIZhATIMw7AAGYZhAbIAGYZhAbIAGYZhAbIAmT8PcQi5OAP50qVLUocVsXxGbEMTxz+K40LF8hWxjCU+Pl7qyCwoKiqS+vQxDAuQeaTJysqSFit7e3vD19cXVVVVOHTokLRoWRwWX1lZic2bN0tfF7eiI7OXlxdsbW1ZggwLkHk8EO3mbWyaD+M4fPgwFAqF1Ipe9OATiNsbN27g4MGD8PDwkLoyMwwLkHmkKS4uluQnmo4K1Go1rKyskJubi6tXr0r9+ARiO9vly5f5F8awAJnHg8LCQpiamiIqKkpqQS8Q1wQ3btwo3S8tLcWaNWtw+vRpWFpaSo8ZhgXIPBaI/cKinA0NDcXRo0el5xISEqRStwnx2N/fX7plGBYgwzAMC5BhGIYFyDAMwwJkGIZhATIMw7AAGYZhWIAMw7AAWYAMw7AAWYAMw7AAWYAMw7AAWYAMw7AAWYAMw7AAWYAMw/ylBPhf779Iqe8DmD4AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Scatter plot on polar axis

![Arrow
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Arrow Demo

![Auto-wrapping
text](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAA8FBMVEVHcEyAgIDy8vL6+vrm5ubr6+v19fX////+/v79/f37+/uIiIjb29v4+PiLi4uQkJCUlJTNzc3h4eFycnJ5eXmYmJhtbW3Y2NjHx8fw8PDKysqrq6uDg4Ompqatra2zs7PBwcHExMTV1dXp6emFhYXu7u64uLienp6/v799fX3e3t5oaGjj4+N0dHR7e3tkZGTT09OOjo7Q0NBNTU2oqKhvb292dna9vb21tbWbm5s2NjawsLCkpKSgoKC6urpbW1tTU1MmJiZfX18sLCxXV1cxMTFDQ0NISEiGhoY6Ojo+Pj6ioqIgICAZGRkQEBAFBQXEVKnzAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsWAlX4sgWHgLJDYGwKgiyGiOrxhDtQKGQhQQSAf//v5lblTRtv9bpfk7PvPPOSZ2jhFt3q6/uFv7447QgWb+6/nh3JbgkACYAJgAmACYrATABMAEwATBZCYAJgAmACYDJSgBMAEwATABMVgJgAmACYAJgshIAEwD/XwHMmDwoN3yC22cBLDtduXp+KyfAfTaFO937HYyuADhVyZyWomZ+dSmNTOat6H9+e3fxX1l4/qNtqvetGf7kmRo/8j86ybg+sH8ic78HwHEq1dqlUpbpnEHqHiBFrF0hXvrEPT3/bJ25rYI30b8RWl5V/5nQ5jY2tN2+x6tNdJ3qfbNqTiSguTnf0aNH8oPg7fpD+7qnReRU6/cAmL/ebY+7R7flWuYZpvDYvJa+lcb5L4f80APOnb0hTO3pT4XC+/ihWX5ve/MAMCffkb7Ex875sH6JHnebHwT1GvpuK+/plN3Ypqz/thSurqHy1LKLByMPcN4sZErOZMl2nk2QF5rWFhmaujbpRxKLy3NNkQfaYx0R32k1BE63YOZygw490QXlufEk4AuOLoCc6re0IZK62u7iOsu8H6BWVTtaNfV8qdcquwwslgPnGe9u9vjYbNGzZ1tHX6tcOw9aUQapW3WKApwfiMN8sKqwGQDw19pqnaMEqXDTuhVWt06hAc971zF7xJzcoR5h4VTxXKVuUaNN8t7rVqtj/DzzqnWYpdDiSgdxeTrbfw9gNizgf/NY62z8rOyaOcN5KpYYZqSdnVgvpQKLSbPQubbrzNlgn2srmnZ552WgU+ycuQo4KXj2IWUgTC67+t0axqT24muQPxqDL/sMFL3z1N5gCmpUK1e1H7qc7eqdsj0VPbdYOqygb+9KHgseqbRfXHIbOzfYD0C9brfJCLqHQnvK4qgNoy4o4eTZQCFc6jEoLbncy6Vfg95h164Uj2cvwQSE9eTyjKhp19UfBORbHmtPhiHCc8GpErmMbgnkJXtntXV79kkA1f0NPS8R4MKVK7ZaO67iHd7OC/bDCeiZOXdvGP2wwCv1bnqrwxDSZbODtoMl1KpgeoJALqP8K8AGM6m8F24OeeDd+tjG5CEpusfZT/TjWsMAPmLQdkmWP6CY/ywFqLoasuubB4iUh5mm3WH891aPFtRdIarcB3baRwcj/chKxcWRxr3SX935UKFXuMbMXmyhQFa9m0NTOUZewV0gww2RQFhpnX1GtctQ2mZv9sve0Ct9EsDZoULPi4kw2EI3yF6PiL9gA03f48QSCYvM6anhW8bxilUsu4GHDS3L2ozz/tbyDwpvj/H4oNiVghElabBSKWJlW85ZaMQVijT4fJrjIC5IiLltFRElD0211jBEaASvOaOq72rMsRTCU6GV1H8CnRibwy08+ZHPq72K/xtuDwEkzNcF3Vkg115jJDnoYsWsiaGPbq4zphuPaFuEqWhBM/C9wJYhuGy4fdAIMlkXnwTwxcUMlQiGXe2WJt4uq84PrHsMthgJDfPAwqW2TkPXZljixYJkN6NAq4pwTqBHhIaHlO3Im8U9pJLH/ICWBZtrNOJDjcabHZdwbrh/lggWxhxtAZYOJUyruqsuSRaywYDxGCXaQ7Kg2vX6HmuHN4DqY9w4Qvq/Qqm1qIfUHql2xCDUIbem9rHwGQM5bmyFuNNwHrJoKeQSzlt4o07rGpnDl7/TRDAz0PZ+CmLQhs0OJhdqz2ZdEXOy21Sbtkm/rC1+aG+ZxKSKQWQYeWU+A7+mdA8aYHjd2xgVo9dUHCNelnN1pW03JXfOzlfa1+vGnt1A90ItuyvB7qrZTYvmqQnaLdYngukwz4xeo0MHBV7C2MTKIpQP5cojktcTnkWSVYsqwUh5fmU9BHwE/epgTu9eTahuFNnEsBDssuhvxtTNTdy9r+wMlvAOeLmKcRxhMLoeXsKjd6/0hp8EUFwX6RRiyKD692CYokHIliUarC+hFRA/up77kHxZ71gxXNO6mLe8YHMFfUJS1gDOdrCkF7HYx++DiwlAz/eMPmR8LBEowmmus7aiAEKtzyDmXEM1MPKnyLFBk0WEpeAaVU9lXA8eGVcxCjsbSH9xrdZWxUD36DnlbVTR5h6ZhKxiC+g79m3XKIRTKIfe/Anjve7zUDe8YF2XrJv4XrHAqGEduh4xDBw1+geKLK95xDI/G4EyrVkSXmwW/2QRWrwQT4L4BWQhHfNJAkjSNwl0WvhKzoIsQRoZhVMypCW2J0ZqqQhyj4NOrDnSKgiiLJ4MUyUooGqPXz3jRGpKorzoE9WT5qheJsWsCJBmj2JU4gSZcUmcRO1L8lc3TwKUxHjlSiGdPckhU/a3/RrTEj79ApkLJtLHerdWkMr+REPXt/yN+m+87Kq5f+rnrBb3aaf6w4/xg0x/Xv+pBq7fbYr/yq8FauF/CuDU/HhPXr0bQoL5PTKKKf2VhU/COI56gdirvLebf+l+NZqvSf8UgL+SwjvjffpDG12zv3O+F790lsMG7O6/0QfhX51giE0gM/rFasKNTu+9JS2i2O/dcNld72jhy2GbfwmzvxHANEadgH8NGRqtigqSylNDHKgqK+CCwg7LKaz2czwdd6JEUGifkJT4pI1tSpHngRQNGw0FPzhtHe02plDfm5EiEHio0lFEjYK1wdOAE3mUk9BogxZDkJ/cShzLSGlIb+xgmFPdIiUKsrTaX/HUHCdChk4BvJC38VP4xs5Ruw1tTbNLzO9XinTryHz2zaH+HoDDbVoKN8AH+bHnky+KE7rGFO6JFto5ERzDcLdTyOq+R6eFRUBGHhsLhLOAhDPo4eQTzRWTV5c09bBKyAzkOxz2e7B7tUmbzZsFjrwSg405lyGp4uQ2dYh3lwbuNvCsDFxZxHOkHkmF7hMsQxgeDuSWgXVHghGOJ9RO/Ga53HrBECpBBUTrMr8/Ek1IBST4k1kz7U5U2cLwUpENyOSEQ4wTmgFiHEg0YkdABAIB/f//5u4qTHefu3JX33PSZ52TLyFKoGqza9f7vBvUfaibnMCahTy84jl5HnLLJLAMqJ9SnAbOEocxjYKD706Bl/NJfTGAbVvaeyGoLvTPiS5Nx3wxmuCx0tllIp+GIhMUoHJ44AsWXPnd6fxk0PUS6tKqvPKe2CdCHUhsXo3ljn63iEq3tGD5QgS6385lUXzFqRFLU3Pj3RUb5wWbrKettM+ZjQ57nHHWRJpWueXpqri0S7UbENxefnohNJg4EMh9rlJaHgbehpX90h0CWhGluqax0m3C4FhqKSNF9Wn3pME3S0RklHLdOe4gG5f9EVVNTRwGm8bGQzpAHmf4hvXlAC7sqbOMJBSlj9aEhYc31/UqeEx4s2sQYlrPy1noHBObJ0mwy9FS9Z4wbscG5mJKyW6XlJArMBufZ8BuHTdGQPFzaa17Y9DWuRiLULuPUvY9xum4lcXJPR79A2e5Q1xyB1Tg/ZCqyGB/oULMkMYRHEzHDiXIUtIk8DRdEspGAEJVjhL+2wMxILhdgEsyUSXfdo4RJR+GgNUuQAzp5OyFJLU41RFJ9noWOcfY/nIAUeFaYnSF43bVJVuz64NBuqMwanjMIBYIru6DwWDwshIRhkDOiUJ6twJVIvM08o2DkJfh47qK3ktH62ofPsNTbq1AO+jgp5dYLigdE3yDpL+08MI3IjC9xO5ioiIQ0p3A8I1cG5I0OshArCDDM2hIx/gEfJ6Q0W3CUQqXrt2gQphXw9rKBiPR2+Fl2xy1JjGMCJvXIS16XITYd+W/AePXXoIXMqkvB7CMwNYJkYWlYCiXbmO8adYSUpRKaxcmHo+gawx8GolFVkO8n3woDcXuBIhEDZeO7bgkFFzCvF2IWRmYFCHPzG/xGpJP8wBmXZBiE+b41d6b9qzvuiUpsCQ2FnWWNkEe+r5fAjHbg48Y06BeD5NiSjl1EmwpMWlmkVNvPe7Qg/kBj7LpIvsupvYeC8Xg28dQij7+96OrwDDg+v7v2YWlzGPZ1CviPqm/ScOs8GanUiuNZc02wEk1OVBBDyxlYhalOFKsM3VrNselbKtQCBTTFvNNJFQfei4xvIplb6645yosA5U+4LmGeWG+kyVVsmLFOW9hnxYKGJVVOlfv77mJqa6D8Qgny3rUHe6mvZt8CR8UKzOg5ytafh9+nihOpMMhVsyTiou5sbvDscRLDh/m7nRfyAKejRJFPlCvsBM7SmgKHKkcZLL2/JUNCwpULExCS+mZ7F8N4A+xKu9AWA5Qw6l8r8gNnl9HWyxo3dkbg0n5otbJbsbIWg/XSq2wvlHolsE062v8QnjXlIuFwPQ0Y4ezXjR5WM0qq2URiopGw3HbRh1WL9Cx6pP6jYKhGNZJHwvGBU1uQfXt+c2A6hZFy5ImD9/XXnMLpaEssbqQ+1z0Hqs+b/FK+ttjtdkC7kZT9W19tgdJxhN2mrrDfX+qavebXOsxk/qOB169kBAOo6i0ZdjhhB8qdFJ/MYCr3pXIFv8Xidwf6K+Wx/yzLdrWSN8E/X8lC5e67vIaC11p+lkAn3Nfc+T+w/32TWhbvz1+UP4tZsKLCrt6u1QcfhZAHv4tP3+HvfDlADIvw9a4MoKC2tu3FyxhKYn5xEwQ2p+bC22sNvrLhmBQ9ZMOsND9qinF/ChNnfYnD1MaStDVQRz/4jp8e/AA3YHx8fc4PyrLzPYrAWwFUcFcz8rss3C9m+wfCy9knJ8EsOaJf5iWnG9ZLGov0Y7WxAsNB7D/Bqz581R0b/XFAPbc74e7UJDk/67E1aDI+nfgPP7iOjP7uJJzw9kgFlZI4lYSp73ux+67Uv98AKW1W4JauQXiI3c/nInasANSf8EYLNuTePYnn2RjCyx/8XQlQbgOpvS2JVGQGhatjoIhScd1cRp3f7J2u6QBKdBTJWIcww9XObekcxtZujjJJJGlDxMZP5R4cBXhQ16UGa6bisS2oCcRmxqVXQ1aPkP6qX8wzNkfFZsc8i1kJN2jTCMoYVEq+gtJUmv3TFiJVpdYHIsSXAYpXS7wqwDOTmlYRbJuWZ4TWorsPo9bobbxbfvYe7Li8EdRVJJ1EI6hGqI+i6qb7GTTR9534P6UJgbtp8Ds7NlXSRsY0w4cunabqI77UWC1gAlly5c50OeBS0iFRB8J3mHgLpQTG6XEwrHjPkjWHWJvAfHeTpahXrLXjj/LjZJ5v+adbIfMzHmCTTqCpgkNGRmF070LroR2wXoBXYsDOX+E4sG2X6HqnW0zOQek1/V0yuxl1ytEdjIajdIkyy1B5ZTaW9iGvrOvVuPnxG/+HwHUvZsponjZnpS/nRXJSir6u9dYnaNx5+Afnrb2d215SPeM69K+q0hIvVKmX83mqKz7UzLWiossUC2z1wyyhc7c0SdorpGWNroZQvv8+DDIGMGaP2xOebvj0axNHQ3k07t+n0DNV/SntMaQWhE1YWmvxNgXmNPc6Ga0O8j6I6F+KFOQRYBwsr4Q30D4TjrHd/lIR95A184LKTJr3ZSqfN3u6TfZSupZ5Y4a6izmNps0F53rc+OhSaac7ZZnatbowa4sLePFIk0j8zxhXlG0/zKAJPkVF5YR8R6HELxw8JxcqdnREDAJfTfrtAxaC0v4cEi/EQOCvwREvUuDeps3vUlSTEhbmB66VjdfQUJ4XQqecKtJhdtAwFOnFEjzju/45Jhm7IKDaHUV0vcLwBuOAtqInBK74N7FPMOikhfSsVe+0B0+GHlhaa+bUOggUFsKqJQDOQur250nXduYUxb1KslbJmBfA8IdrBGPF2rH8HuViZkWYZTOMO0y70zZnLzIoKeNd9bMHus0IN1fB5AYBPNH0qfnH3y9htjOJbdQ97ds7Xzcxs0b9ljY3LxIyDoiCE0XEozG/RFEP3ebWb9L35AgVSPZXaaBur4R2/+h3UqbU8W2aKHIVhRRJgdwQAIEEBVxQhxxHvP//02fgyY3XXW7k9x+zy9UxaCw3cNaay9i3qEjMowBOA49j/UA4FG0qMebhfNsfpn1Gdy+Ok4sH+hrm91iH0NljCm3Q8Sr8P4mbgf1M03tnmtbwRrOFG95geouwUzH0BUeBYVIxuAAXR4T6tgIgGcFs1HT2KHgz+V60clur/3Av03VpLc1T1EkD+SY2Cymr4X528ALRf+4ifWT3NcBRM2I3g/gxILprpPlDUIE967pe6hO35wCuozSCDzBu+jEvc15Z49BBLyyyYKxe2IBlMHHJbxffNf6+GQ/ZuzFNdPCu3qfiO9HiaDbReF8bI3zj/08ie/aF3GaoE6bxqHgT4DpPXkNASstswP99HjY72Y1b3+gPH+fgMshbaMSOMnvHgX64GLCDc1HYZxRKC47RkMJUNkUlZUtVQvnuTl7q7kGyso9IT5qRSus9kNVfismhtNaGfsCCJ/+OoAHD1LXHrxcxcPt3ndvSmF/Kw3vqD4zp53gOmQ4dRyxU9Cit0i43tTMaTmP3hbQvAVxEsko+1aPbf94zcBwP8OZKfKz/EPEE/fAHLaX5aGSuqIy9LMg3zx2c3qojzdp5nVoVHJAXcug7OYWSujj2rRuEYqFNF/dueQOZc7wseBA9cldj0YczPlbHoI3FkByINyltevDL7Y/XKT7ABpX1tvMHsuRdfCyUaG8vhy36wpnwaXeuDn+8KplmGkI4t1f8eI80PPmfn1wpJs/v0ZJ+3oKOrvW10Mko/Sg3aEgzXbR6fmaexbY+zYSKmCYW6U7lOnS1WQHRc61pu4mKzUnpWhYFWo0HSxj+GmIaFo+kK6K7oYUlrjdF4WIf/wxRN1Fs6ICBSRRATqP3q1FYiQ8gRcfCdX4xJSlQzKILNS2E8duaKL+X3QIb88kCJRH4kNRPfYhHS6VOIB9R4OqhNJRHMNCBO65AtMEaYZNGo1o+PQIpQeRq5ZfhK6Q23doWqo284wSDUpHhk4oJGTM+50nZnNPUpqds2OpTreWRIDztTuyf6DGqJp+QnBBd0loHCzCkVtc6XGTrxJQA9l2Gtt2xyZKWR1dqT36D7i42qZmm68Xw5DrUcXp/KfKQJnits6nrStHV8rqpbfKuQsFXFQ05Wyp8uw+ucmshzJ0yQZekRqFlljnGs8GQUQ/4sJUhd9NI66hkjzIne4mOhhDvRaVnqA3ntaNQZUNA11RUDLIF04s/jGxmE7/biD7h5dx2u3Nn344d9idOh8MitYHh/DIk1KJh2CQz3fZD/SGt3iL4IzKxB3qXZXPBlDq/5IDpSxJfz+AnHtpVuKTEzloEIJSL4BQ3q4cKtfA048kn7aRMocBA6SVMd/gOTnM/ZEgQH1zyctQ9M8/nf5EQEgl6EeJkAXPUHqlARMqHyZRd9gHxunhShr7wTZRan76rgoDQcfnvh3AtLQqfWKvrUVOGJovsuhJRtdUGFXNf1jMqZBHd6/z4zy8vEYDSevVNfq/MV29Bf+Hl92QM2BIRqrDkXxSHdgkpJOXBmOgEmVCr1TAj8J4ry91EirdMfVQeZhqBug0ZSpuiWfy4fczkBjPB7lC6yPzE05Vpgje77C858hC4JPvQpI+wz0iZXB8zR0rIIwleYuqIEMD/adOJPbvq8QA9Q1b/P2/8vK3MrwysbXhxUfwWw1GoWM03i+N7mfEgmckGvmohHNv4dloLKU+vDEVSS+OrNy2Hcx40hS+HcCUxCiv0iIaGNzDB8ag1kpJ6oo08j3OanMODX3rqMEnPTU3SM0aGh/UocuBrljFwEQhpr4lWaefklQmPkbHd70RH7Rrkc54h1gNoD8pgPiQuDa+UKxNSIzJVnQZTo5gISQWWiGdq/yirXur6VcdrnCJyoTXBqb9bi7SY88DZKudUl3MV1uuyr9Ime8GsMemeOMIQpPXjbBsPDg5VYYslZ54HHshUNtrdFpklkc3kKky1KM7VJL2QlVqKLq2UyQjp/zaSn1jODDZ8zRLg7xVYhND5iQsdwiY0Ox+SjDk+W268hDVZyH0p5GGhkLhcBqPV7saRo32v+us5LDy4vFVB/IhP3bEj+Ydz/4JBYwwZiQw5ZHpvOrqs+D0Jp9j8qRM4JVx8FJtHSdmMgT1Rfx2BiYZfUy68rIngFV02PGcjX+ZjBB/hV5DaU7b4bHO6lIF+qfxgv3VagYRQoN2dVhymbFfm/dy7S9kf7rr98vrGUj3uR0PqNu2v7hPgN9XixuR9s4cqe1MLjHbGDl/CcabkhvdOy0PYW158/s2wZHzEmLZZaAtFaGIWcd+LeTYbHyV9BhdT2rWKwpsPg1GATr9nkkaCZxdGSZTr0KiuN9fwuJIfGXAdvu8W2QwS+qXfzCFcSQmI4WUwmXJhaxTiJmF7f9SfxlP8cQGKVGgSmqWr71HqUnkURRkwjJGwDaALy0VhWG4fwlgExuoEdE6P+XPMraC+GwJOzXcCE1HVGkIJVIblO3GBvLnNITrBFQRx+xs/wHviLWByE0QZDRlYpI3JlU6lZ4TcRYwPOqpnaA9D4HXQOML1Ry8W4jIMhlVIe2uJDRhuIVjAFOjKP3PdiK2l9WgOJCNAKQwiDlG42r++sWTJM0JPOLxogHdMlHO5ZuZRQ+bb3EF6UyFGAttku+NMm6vYymo1lSN7v1mhWFh3rzNMpunTo/lwvS+jv3+0B3F3ozyBj+pUsHGM1gqD3sCfk6A/x2qTjXtlNBX+pZpIO6iaKz8iA92AFPQIpaoT1yOSp1fuBR+gvJ99qMUoF/HWMXISx7qPG3vRftfLNb1BITKJA6ccmL/YuZq2xNFlugDIi1I8/4OikgAQVFARRlRM66bYcbd//93bqMmIXMzd++dnTs7+ZQnCbG7uqvqnKpThKMJ7c0O94AOm3DMVgiU1oKwUuMlIlPUBL9ZmSKZXr5fVTAJQ2rJAP8Ln8rvfEBxvM44aB/vW1ksG4v5TVmB+OiSjWShsenkI6KXTxloyqxNAasZXoBfAyZK0OEwXMRzTeo4XxDThq/AlAY+Zx9q3Y2QIYViYvJvQGu5OIBepGfoGEeqOd0C+C049h0Cy9SdlR1ALooNW5tCVn9qxmRmhnA9WmJ3sOA6SMJlmuQ4iN2Kf/F0qjfuprxVjacU8Kbm5ZQR/9bRm/xZDj7YYP/5vs/PH8vL73sg/MFZXwpgfKw3dPibo/m/S85xSc7+iAH+2whQiJMwj29yvOFenGwextlpEG77OlDbBkrL9WEX1XM+8BCc8ZQXxbGJHBsnSMU6ew2hctDZiCpFkD9YoToOemC2+DR1C7jf9S0RwI0oIR+P/XuGzov+VG/wUzlYn67OqOvP9GGWndhrkQFzqrCbXWj3TS/XOR+R3wzuOQ4vJup5e1WHHFfI2NvHBUnOlwOgTR8zHGgFiQKXBzqJBoTFC55raFb+KcbWmV5yijoOuj5TPP92XEm6UnQl5ZgymoTxb4LahQu3KdaTBRm5kzaPLz+qL/we3piatBw+6k3sYJLgA4ox2uxZgSjqZq7GgJZz2aOAUfPSS+9xmDWXYYeJEtxbwkU11Uf0VIAbf5teeDdbwPCh30Gol1wVwiCud9eL2fWuGlOEIPgklg4NoGCxDCe/entB/DSRnQTyA8XWELb4cY31d+XPJAJJQ09Fd2t12SoQePz2k2g+F1J6GgE8OZfQbeD37tIvs1thnxw3e+lMhIqSN9PdMpVTA22XqdEjm7+lbWBiaJU46ORK00bDXHrHt0oa3izLxod5kWNANs9Y3el5r/GDxq0Rdb0VtMuVdaGQB+9HSjveL5vcoGbsom+FB71RiQ/UDZszMX0/cUD7pI3CvDwT7ItysP2qbDsMnRNydoyb6rrZZ5yYG0rfR/gIdFU6PWCEG6mpmEQ7GYG8tBX0fGhNws1ZxOfWOT7XGDk/vOqd6U58sRTldGX0dhQFHUS5Wm1l+/9swKvH4iGyDOewORAn6wzxfzZ4KX8gf7XPQ0wUI6zIeL0ettIljPPuGpEqZQeM9WaaITcz/jd9hoFOasaQJYcDep0rtd0Dzjps6ahiFBsCvo/ACGsaC2XKRAcajHJAEdegIXYZ3jnjp6jSmqWmu3YdTsS7Mob9BAPeMVvcRDpGNiHaC8EIrVcCmP4uSoLpsB9GK0FYcAzc+886Dx9hZFtEdBpgGxQYVCfVEein6P9C8kGmg5DNdb8Opo1CJNukSjPp3qpYdR27GAMYRaun3KmQu1DgcLXuuD/x6V2fX5WklCaAZ7dD5quRmp5VJPlx/DMHbfKSpgP3ZIC4cCVs5estdpozIORcn7EnVX9jx1y2aCFTgwJdKfzURUEoplwEJp90nfvLFbjFk0OcFVWPhCEnQeCu8kOzqNuMhUFWgD+obFO7zz+I/TFs5ylOdStBNk95AlR3LXaCHeG/UHWK2F0ggCq5VdjgJ08qUVvbosFQqTV/PjzaQ5C+wrOOvkn7WCiLOkv68gOK9EbrmokH9CC6DAEmJ+Zxx0Wjv5J9wY49BoUmsFUlZBn9XDXAbR/RplpOM4fL1VBsZsLyexv6lk+QhctjnDgsWE/qB2kkvmwl7lLkLiDPVVYCeq5v+a2S/VwD3r6qlHXKkjXz/k7C3qxATH2ezraAlJpXf6yxjKTb/0fTATaIeMRNp0PZJAbmf16DVYKqIhNhJ+bPfkv3evNIGvrbqYwXp1ls2/prVWY1wjvUvsZ8QCYdbCLzpwrm7czFnid73rYwwUe5LZ7bBD37h4YNvUwhJDKsEnKHKJuxWrWXKfiIiiAIxm6IR0aWRm+enIUIo21na8BuF2HCrIYITyrfSM+aRGsXQLzmHXyLkPGeNSRzrS/xHIHU+++EESA5YTu1o/jET1HYjVInQJH5iuIN4yq0Qz8NFlBm/Lk1Vbh7Haz7z01rdsaAzxNt3ryUAOuvRnzQQge9RiJt606f28YJDejtpuWwPSYMSqjuFvvF6LxiQLyI36eiMIA3C6WNekVjw/EnptfkIzmQH1atmAfVgMKXc/GMs9Z5M0Y4IY+pDh2iqAFw4ChMDBRukaK/g0EU8vEWM1LNAAAgAElEQVRxBH+oQvW7DNicKpxkyxkwTqvoEoXYxFPe+GRaL7esYGIUKPsPu1zokf4zl6EpIxBlN3YbAUtwfFhR5rfLYBtCWCusEYUn59o5Lkhh1m4izGbiZ57uVQMESV3WndvaMwbSV4Ca8/ojN81PLIs+QUnykYVDG4JfwoCgm82VHqCzveCtQWnJw0QbepC81+7DWjLSAhFZuKaFrK8zCv/YoBtCfC7CC4Om2IOZuU1b8jh9F9oYYPpoHg/KYMHlHu80w4i3++rfr62eSAeloZprpnTgpJmcv6GgubteQUpK/AXhKIWlT5p+xU3W2PtFDAhuBX4yCFKekhwMcJZKhgFjeb3NAfiC0VS80X3DLDko4OCSZW7Gio0B7zjRQBkTV8lLVbGnIW/GVUdrx8NeyvDYLrBBrTORE/UtYvZa0eN1BKERIalNopjU6BwvnNc+gvRJeawhStiAO8ykGce/1xPo/ioT6x0Ih4RUrTc2SEZNt65fXi/bbcN+uKHXh3MuQ2FqMn0iHYWD1wDGAN5cuGdhsMEmWd1/NQJcs7HJLmMVd7IOD0Xm5eK4PjUqwhzLTjTY82lBsF/xbBFjtdN4ozTdtn8xc6VNiiJbNFAgEdn3VUQEBAWBYnNArejonnaC//9/XmJtVnVNv35TPa/bb0ZBmXny5r333M1pe/LvktjYb9XyL9i7ldhvuxAo1KeDCF1pYZc994YPzG4reK0l1EsxvItR48VykMSJVWjnzjbu8k83uSnRBZX7WQtrnn/Ru9AHiNWNFvWVeW9C/wZnowLcWCFhNWb/N73cL9AKPl2U38nRY7/dzAS+bIuoU4oUSCogGePP29L6ZXvIE5vLjcm2UPKnYCztEVcvWLVIPqJu2wHKkGAkNiNubiavOJu0oVLTBvtCtPPn1oBrmaxfoHwi2YBAMlTirZn93+IX2O84dIIq94dFOVFosJO0fUuTxai0p9dbhKv6iQ+PLMMqzJ4GGJN7fpo/b3NmRs3rXC95QwlnOuhOfxqm1KuJK9qfeazZXQ8B993MGkPn0p6TN1P4y4YotfQPFJ/8lgAayBrDJlQIQBcOLYQuyqoJpfPu6bF3XzcRbQhVagbmC4ezv7iANmn/sViefCfne727QYBJNNvOM1BwVshDS/X8qEcF3DingV16SbcuxrgZKvzQWn8+gKSRzT4I4EMqZNy7uWKgL0sj+T6Ydwa7jF5KYfDDegfISjdY84gD7UtXfqfhZUTqyFwGSzWsICoOljp9MRoEIVCyKhkRPDBGuNv1UfbjS/3pAJIyG1zDHZcPAPiKufmAPFvcPq6LmqreDnboo6oY9xsgVCLm+HvdXCTtWyI0LAiFSwuE2+sd/wAeio+604tPiFNe+FRVdECzzJsJiv8igDT8XKtQZrdFK95Xaxx6t7FfkjizJ8+UnH1X5F6+vTV6IaVcJsoKGTNRVH1LV2YZSl/wsS6F3guRcbLsN+/qeXXohrjCQZsODL1o/BvKXVsFECRzP3faIezGhmRPjvz/E4A6u645bg2BNB/WrF110O4rbUGXgSrEpztiHzePAZdD+e0vtCMjJezbMJ7gPw5SnnXPwKL4qu9suQWkpJV7b83qr+9nftQQgDh38v5Na9gx5MUFR1Y+IE7906V4yMxQ5aWG/6Y8d18HVN6taCjeevE/Xpx/DuDEH0zarRdesSCXpgfw0BM6F+BJdz92DXXnTDNjwPe7znHDpYpBznU80U5HB87Ch4uH3yeBE987RdnZrde30BI0Rwzg5wNWLTLgLZrizgB8/GwO0LE8jlZIO5wHvTzmpaCwdM118BfOa5ontZHGvdH95RGcMyR5XZZgzsOSBF61GpP3+N3yVIB/mq/6iA5cj1So7DXWtSCTJ6tdNbJFcx91kL+Lydo2mcDkDE7t3RMrwB2v49zlHC7kApWFjAOEslGIvrtVQ9Y/FwmdaxIFcAXNUtfy5ptcW+v0ffU6oUmE+Z0mjoU+QE5rQb532fnT6LRYt7i3vYl+wnxqSO9GN1J9Tt0ZYgGIOktGuuN/JNn3AQAJEQNyZjaO483hVZik03YbACL1S3iFzZb7zIRZQuYo4s93qLSEAoZQWyAvclQuLlTTQwlKGZ4D3QIsWpX11ysESDpALRAs+HBois5xIM89FcgFfdGeWCkr+AGpKICK4OhEUv6HS8w2pP5QDZR9U2PoOcmzUaUnMxsTg/tM9B0WSucGDT5q6j4AoHqPgQiN+NwpeckDglI4Qw911PIMNQyT5VLfeHVzFvb6Fp1uoYX0tliysbxUr+J5UBkA712rSXnI6a1NYGoWlQYVFJBqw/H2cLST9phTmQWQjXMInscckO7YSlKMXcZVXBuSv7h4QPtDW/ydE+P3jzZn0mkCPKKTBEKbC1D2pVbzFwEYb6AqI1c7Ko7dcdCy4WvFbEyxaRj8I71G3RjEBo8ZE0PQldP4xBRdwndmxY5voPgSmTbBNV/AwUrwfIwXXHYY5wegAi2ouMHHmEbzlSBOAs6yzbHJbfWqBCqQFpQIII8FJ5FHknL6naCP1k7zg9QmtHlkDlJNFT+rkf5frEy4uRxQ5b2OFIf9O30O2qH7hnmSbmxKYnbGGwaqv7oWdhR8hn8qufAMfCxTyV3Ia6WCz5v3VqIt6YqTnGSSMTK7jvAyTMFP+/xTAAV7zBBmL4EPGgWnWwOoffpx1Ry/2jc63T2m3cndQwBfL+4ZRQW+AvquVqArk7wQEnLMtCMLPgJWcB8q77DX5TzlLlqchgw34EcN0uH1gxcT/0oAqT1chdcxY5uNR5IevbzgjAMxxXRC130C2F/GwXEYDa0LORtnzOE4dL1xXYeeCEZOdI8YXwQjGcDc0ZvwoaeGjp3/CUWJ2AwQHl48Nb30JjVayypOA8UfnfXIuaZ3yafy5i4I/MSROuQdAC8Ku2m5WeIvzIczfTzZLv+VAPKXzLeP0OoCZ3s89ReHrQXkKOFBH6kKJ+OA+6vyqFDSKpwrwt6aAm0uSCv7IMnLIeWHrXxszgMTy6zZyHUIJTY8CIcQkgrqfqPVeUsPeT9sH5MTj2WYy7TTxtsXpFglzOvCQ6YvVVs670nle10jQaWZag/8G0/Gizd1hir0LwTQDKHZvSrwNgS51hmySkqkpJ61dJeOjSGIWKspyvpz7WCKjQXd1nSxD4zjCaTCQRgCVGwO5FbsDweFGDVkpxinNdjvQDwHZdCUdrA82W9pKQF2I6TSMEm4gZKcv+wqv1Gbfvte/Gl2euZ+40xeTAAysl3z9YzVfyGAlgs0abKHS+BcQtEjClmpF19SP5+ySQ3P2kekrZro9cw+a0PdQEjJz51S0UiMK3oyTQsnPHSFtR/ceEtDzTVVjf1hQCH/O3EYFExXQufZRXs/nFkiSnsp4qg36fNlZXY/JkkERfyHvCvtbhPJogeEKIFA7AKxIwyIVUCQBIOQPTnuDj38//8zVY4z7WTsHKftPu049cWyFguu671361H3omFacpScpaHK4OBfvH8OQALSErKKUBaByys7kpkpElrfxIep9NHC1rfk3O9gTKsjIDgD0VvO706gY+koKvx1p5AYx889JcSVYZwBuhvcOafAvL416/NG0U6RXNrcEwt7WLH0/KBhJZGDruIaptOeIRm7zpX/aIPNHvrVLMWNLeG/aRrzPRNaIkaGnOTLjtwHA+8W7IEVVlU8YmMNrMc9ZsoehoR19KrVTJ57JiExJl2T4HXGqwH4P1Nw9puO9OKRuYHEKNRnLodaATT5sI23+Wxe/pyjJza8VkXHnbRpFPeKkh5vwRPSMnaw5LDD4HStO/m0eC30XhHAhUF+Jglqfg/GeH+UqgWsR+MLvxP/BQZKCA/aw2dFBc5czJ97BqShiTLIs3YgpCdWF/uLdzMCTJc5tfNe2UHrtQAsz8yHECm7IhOcIoYKz3vGdhilPzGG8Anx7XJwaGcgkF50CkLd1+xbddu44YlthgJ4E6yUi0sk6h9KKriZiINVAm3SnnUSNE5b9Firuydej+zgYGIxOVdp8NrjtQAUzAyJ40yNH8JOKJrG/q2wBfHjVqJpD/lkabxXnW3UxOJbB75pN9lnPBXqplEuVqVX2mEBbPhJbcWCzWGjLb1KWOnr569YGfr8lHZYv4n7Wfn3uO+9FoBhow3Iohoomsxs5T03rbWjonJzDHJGpDMtxNBas6cloPds33FMpPMlfUndzkvBFJrFAM/+kJRY38Ooh1Rwd7KX8lD+yLk8CTarbsDfNV4LQL4JYwGQh8v1XBkqobJOe8VRQluHq7RuCdnv0lnXK3tMIMXuR2JlXwvLqHe6VhbkcK9aPLqhJD9VWyQ9EHJ3lXCOzYU+eOvjtQDMRBLtWyLqZMEKIiAFAtNLOsA3ELsARg+p7Y4bUrjTs+hz+NTW91W8ZoA6D2pmRtdoZc8K2awIUFs0IChRpOAf+2UA/P9x9RVXYA3jWe4Gqgt+rvHXAfTt5pGatmjvcWIPEEBVBDuHXXh0Au5zOPMcF9P2LvURNSu+YwBJ+dzTwM9IYkGyvk+A7HO+4i0f+OQMR9Lo2UkMi3I2D/01MWYzESn0coCLi42PpOkEAdP+LCFZgtjAnyxcoOE0CESWt2BCXAj1xcTfL4DZLY+B1lrXa3yVHPhhMOS73lM8yOronmz+3wkg135c4aCt6muhJHnbQl1nYtUN2vXEAeOcBoDkjVi97YsNN10xKYVttEESlkM+BzTS+4nvF0BxJUSEDLCswGU6JoLb3Z1Kni0WXMslkd7dzsCsYNG+4pOlQ4qzyNHjaVe5wVpTktX2isVmoF2HKxHDC6cCqTCS8iZnV0yBo47YmHDJOw5hd2rCE88cxZiRyHyhXu9KwJCASPE8OSZrMU59QBxnqGPAe83ZB6JY8ZBpq3LZT9YuPPdnAXLEc+76mqKumojBtJVnJnGwTmJWYsHsgBc6+X4BnE59O4+WPExYy8wAtDWVAYYDsepcYE+YatzO4SzNYpjmJreuEsDwDcySfKnyDdtmF4OI4jP8fsUO9JrhfSXyAz7iNxMfi+1mxAE5zq3h/QIYILf51lYeBln2lQ/0FSoA/dNmN33PP2K0o1mRAH6m8VcBvFPm4cl3lkh3FfQ7VXSTPDa92CwAvwSA3wzXjwiL+ZZI060jTAlISOLPvT2P0mnB+LJoBf5Dlb2nvXH4fPGlAFIihZO+77C5j6F+cLAN4LIOvSKpoMHcj3rASru5pJIAR/5kzJ4AiQjfoiJiLSbwEcMCvYC/+irlScR4pvEtiydJIAbAPL1l9HBVNbHqhWpNWkrkXRTmLKQe6Ep7N9r9bynaXfQh38pTiMzFbndbaVDmVQ8ryiXd9oNZ83kHS/JFWe2645QBp+giteqmoVD3TrJqVsyNkdom4N5gM+FO8sBmwM5KTpGw1Uv1wt0gRVbJZWMA4aFk33Ju9rIFiP2V2VbzHeTOBCTcdt1FcdMtgNNTexAZncBIgEzZkB/QpTG+3hZmLR5hAYkBby9SoSLMDAM29fYAVDSf3VTy2cN2U7NOjOKFABr70x91e9515YhEV4E03sQfRHST6HVS0BGMQd1MeGEIOc6F9YG3t+t5IUp11IBNGpiCieI93Xa9rA72eFKPyRielNA4nTUueHMpcEGBdo9hpGZ+CqZbg+0w/qHpxGxj2OQPAri9BArYObpRRnBmO9N63P8hI2X6B52IAZYgh2UhxNuTH7UwxjXFvygCm1poX7CreADtJ6Kjs0FtFYcOB79zic5gNUZXhUYN3xR6FHC5GhC3FOZJ3m1Ly6jnsfkSwhSbdEPHH5SXtLOS7oxu131XjsdZ4yX841vOxAr8TIOckGxYGdX1QAPq4Pf8dBzu6UR2QLRhJqpz071hD7nNfGWH8YMAUnP0YfZeJ4ID8oktezT7E8HHeP4hkktjLIozoludC1PLF4IrHq6zhT0e3XEh6znZF0ZExJ/bwNQG/FNKpTdFlOn+XwaPCcfuoy4KqGKQD//71u+poubMR0FiY3sUgNAG+P2FHBL5cf26AKKbUNDZtsdGMSW1JZC8YlX56j02CMMF8lc9/V7IuwLEzpDHIfEgeC86iIVfGUC02XVK62T6dBm9IJ01JaneJyRIxiw/ANZ4gAxiL3d2dbVeLtQ/J2ZgF0crzfrzrwmgT5xKNkI+U+0V6DpeLtOw/pLMSwdQY+/+l7wrbVJVSaIBIqlIIbsoKCIiDSqbLPJwC6MnrvP8//9nqry9eCfmxVuu98273f3VD1Yfq7JOZp08eb7ofJwq+LD24qRBk4sPt4afRkZGeZU2csyYe6/pfDoASdwfzY3rou8su8AUraogJjZvfL5TmIiL9dWRGe+XEx6f0Yyoa/ObLezIqk7xTOEtW6Vrmw9IC9dnA1DvhzgboOl8D888dEUPvDsisUraXyiWDCvvGQM1sciIcK8HbULbUOOM/j0a+1yBtnU6TbZfxVOfBUBiC40WO08norwAs2VFWL6pIrzXsWdrzGP2+GJeJhO/5byVs7LAWHCiqFaRKyteXq4H7w7UnwJANgSqqWdyHgUZyStyHNDcF3M5MjprbIItYLxqu6MkRAF20Ny3GwOnW+xzz6rVIX+5pqEYeWH7rxPpnxPAwa9aftwWXl98lvWmDd5dYTNrdxZBMFD95yE8UYnSvhdWt0KYxnoHIocr/bSu2dr476bFDw8g7+Awd5zxa5jbsX1KBvbrsokINJTkPFGd+LBpMhq4PPhGAosuZVqRWdITvYnYicl+R0X6pwOQq/AlO4OxdWrw2dxC4doTKW/f3Rjy0Xxa24yyTaGYUuLlvt6OwnoKxIMrWMQ4OVlZY+Yvl7N+QgAJKaElr3/Rcdg3KHyGY9OW0f0GYsCsNtW00EaUo9RxhV4Gp3YHXGd1TbJNVWSw0hlrFCnfWQ/8+QDkBINPNc2+HEJKHFcbltj73H/e7LzSM691Bfy4HG/b2/ceHfSsDqJJ4SxhWwMs1j63mn8yAD0z2USzTVuaH0SukFPx3mr0VomaCHW//yTrI/2wuyS3wtHNrcwzcBgMaq8Ac6emEZGRtf6hvjE/6o9GgMraxTlqMEPLgQAJSizxVWPG0sNLMelAvyLuXfUZTb96JnEsXIxs6Fn9ggWJgnlNjfLytfnp0wDYhcw6HoATL4JTDOoGjNvrUDvEyLm3yrKiVn26YCDR91bHuJl+u0N/BLJuj89p4DynIgJWSUPzCZK3UcIfHcDO1+d7Q1PCINuR5tKRbpii+87muL2x8VnYisxyESAlJI05L2WpQWmcDWC+TPglBM1ZWswwYDMSEDvoswAIlMSmUaiMK+sy4o8tWAnVvW7YG3UE54TP49Mczo6m+Pei0fqk/VrdBiMqtHnNLuP/8S99WACHN9E1B/l1vB8F+RXpo6J3/Ea903LkfRTVQ9SfElZMLXO4q4hO1fwQs2Ru5ahwtBn9G1LFDwogEpNyFcK8DQPqmoNilLBrz+r1+5oGDuqJsil0lywYyy0H7Lh8eUXtzjAtbhehagRMg4Nd1z60frND56PuQDVRRwoTsTjqS+tAQyRyhTuSL5gJrAxOsiIhFfxpCRHpqyBphlkR8FYS51PFAFwdxnltu83vfNFHBLAtXmb5RJw+KRTmIXue5u+b1dN9uLZEcSlsaWl5uLDyjQe6tCkHmNbtrY2zRk/E4UIt5fbvT7r7YAC6rn0x3akVz6ypANYtzXqZqjhiHLYL4ZpaT65Q7vSsyXpj1H3BdjakptGA+ONPasG+eawM/pDQ7mMBKAaL9fU4ULenZM1rUIl3UTFxfukjyMegP5VS4S5S5y2udWCWjW3/2kCHemrObk/44yLFjwJg+yZKiczVFzuRi1QdrFqA6pcKSiUmAJdKxxfpSJE3RkXdrouujMjxHQyppmesE9WhiHlvGv+pV/+HAojqRkbd7t8JIKo6XRLFsoaIUg5pV5xTyevI19swCG/q5r+SuUS7umlBJw/eHARbDnO8etCIwjriqUxJiD+5NNe6/zcAu+FZ8VP5q7jjRwP4tUW+k3l1D+8vd94/I5CtFsivxQEaDv0kgX1fD4lGIFFxjvYS8bjFLT/ZVkebAxTp9i8reyG55PVt9Sd7ih97hJHiebHBAvHS+sEAogNCxFtwPwnEhoYkNo/uu/EA+TXVi3ESl4NEOG2FsQus3aLflhRcybh2W8uJJaSxcXdet/UXY8dDAUxUmG0UdXjAPz8G0ON+DHiuj4GSwn46wEHt4jlLzOAq+/31FjoMAbCkl/JBE8YUxVzupP8dR5tMzoZOw6qYLRsEnfb3BN+HAuj7sIv7/xIv28gPaHB+gOKeG6XKnuqrC7NOexreWHrWS19LA20S/5kQpUq/CwkFWuOus8CW7wpaKzsrzXNSEuUKd2lLzneKYB+8A12IVskvm4NI1WeEWfzq4XsQTYQe2EtGHwVDSbGhI9HvtXic9oOjLrKAKxNgC/Ow6949ZYQm00zo9aQGXVJc2wZ4wOoeTmMYEI9KJlPHgjukfiQ+vteIUTi5BOtJzYRvJ9lwlSrgU6DmU8WbOwD82wsbdIZ2Mlzv1ocAykqZnBocpR+jv34kgDdPZHDOCR/OI7uHhJGvMThLv44fiiKnyF297TjyN3xNqmcOZWMOh7K+YCvi3YfsIuGPuX6I8JFWmmMV7qnJw1bzQAC5i83hdTeXfkIeVa1hkMzSPv6KhsrJUNSH3craAmde96c6rCVX3Z39K8Q4GxOtGbz9YhjHjtaPt8tOnasTdRDWIYtSjf4nAsieFEd/H25kDVkmjRy8YfzzFWD37POLx5hnoLvdhZjrQNocimbjT3l9f3zCP9X72Ryl8Yr4oGu8NUos13feUP0nArhSW008N8n0K8S8eGfhpbZU/5ThLMvhY82inSkCbZU9xkwirGjnZCrOEsb74NpP5IYQp86NSXczUfCUhMLXDCVOD5XzXWTlbwGw6gGVZT3OVPl97ILFvFBTWrJZcHWiWTy7lXBllWz9gEjI742rqIQx7CZFrUr04nXWZAuz+b7onirtqtJVhDO63fXHdW4/cgeWjoL88V4426nuQK8ckJet/5B3rc2JYk24MEgDAoIg16OAgAoKIlGUIJhyrA0Z////WTBx4tS8825l1p1rf0Sh5LFvp0+ffl6ndHobKCslWKHQ17tmtiWaFIL5NqUgwYkFc5YRZec+ng0kYYJ9dkS2o/LDos/pjJ+H7oKG/1RuGYWpVgB9YaE+6lJtwuJihNWZLfcJJNKsGN9IB9mmSjBnZwLlf9vR4KAY3w9PkyE5KxeDLFUhKYDtEW0Y9JTmeOKY7yRami9pnrAy6RcC8GxZZNkNA7kG8Bi1gnyNyZ+9AL5CSjqSWX6V1is9UbOn3+ANWdTlFrvEB9VVNZsHGNlA6KOjsZqm2ahJFPU12mnNv2P3cfhVAKTbl+hHU8M6b9mvQJNbPNeQOgnXnIW9uQHZU728Urmh7+bzrfJeEJXnMswI63wbjetE7TCgmN7HLJsUYglk5THJf6x4tweQrSID8Ks8JWSgvfbqPAaw0Np0hLvMIbavn/WkZq+Gz6VWzGUiZtIW/i4Q+/FLL1UTpihl9JBRwG+7tcq1hpJeX/6OhzxvBiAdDnFDlOa1QenQkHI05ayB/6gBK3ukWaTKQ3cavegFOTzvdRlBZaJccsYZX0mvdMHvU5xpAxqnI7uZv6fKYyCs+XfeRbgZgD0mMkV2dQJqdgzESz2QbZOg+FBU3UOCecsFFnw2RsHJzJ5IVoMQim5D62P0zqSV/1gGawgIafZua3ys9c0s7PpmzWXVEXx/uRmAAubboodKYNOx8NixAbvqlS39GT9YwZo5GVPEeVpT9+y9LLfYOcUH62RRI5EORsbDigkI65/KYKtMjXGOTBOpae4Te6hhloIfIrcLIhQLZti/g14KOTcS2T3m4A2t9HnW+FxwxpgiQ2f4uJQNSdzCXepcVZfRUYMWgzYnk9j7uUk4/18Hg3t+vZHZYsVnAdyN737geJnbpjHNa/dmij9Sqt5RmqwehvXLKi9oUAxjsakujwx9NicgOPZHl4oS3gnHzQBp/yT1emtys8wPmHJ1PujLiHVoJxVfLKX2UocfK7fdVHqpqsY7thhI9/tiYngNHfjjiPyU6tAnbLxpOIFNyZbYU+aduWrYs806DNXvDzKobEzIJ1OZ23z1d7ndXd/rjtvww+VWAKonD8q3YWuB1//4JKS9hndGvZ/UkaHVem0FdbwzUSjSFeTkVTG2Ab9OJpU5HSkymZ3Cdgf76u+y/N1PMqDnRgCq4a6KH3YsMNorHmRkE8sas+nSHDS8Z6KLXU9wvutqp1N0WhRmbldB37wmAG+1N3SkhneSDT+/3AhATqdCYZGA81Qw0ms9kAW6R8PE6tSWyIitmVmGk6tuCoh7nf7jyF6myp5PbfiMCZTC2Qw9eX8OgMNON1sVtX0e8tXsZfLH674wSwqVBzqi16WI+0Lp5m+MoWy8YZMHS1nkkgValEhXIAY8+iUmU9wIQLoc0m7t2souoKK7axdbugbQ+jT/j3Clve6CP7ifLNQOprTYS+bGKqD5w5gEL0KyuSyQ5ZyRZwWL/YMAPEeHemVqLDWZ3g1kDpWct9tPrYvN0s6cQBJvuBu+lBMn9HnWtC+UCp6p1lHmqd+Rg8UYH2MW1f5lxnrcuJylFWoXwvFilW45Yi1Pk+uuYyIgnShT5lYazJwwLsqPg6vYwXadfT9IgeFdKXjESpIg/yAA3xIykqZLDRkC7XppmzcnIi9czwlpCXiBfGMJIs4K8qbZhXxbHAesakCa+0uji6/jozv9UwAkeOx0d2112nAKHUGkpTJiF3kVBDH7pmu0w6rJPCXhVK9TKIRCE5gLiBQJtntUw3IuDbi5OD93XkEe/OYAlk/dg3B0B3Dd4lTFVg/bcMQsESl+XEUWfg1Dc2qA51lQJEAGL0VXlk57+MKV1XTspdwhkxiJnzm/OYArPn6CL20AAAW4SURBVN6ayJNxP1SpCxSIqFdo2jJaCBIrKgtmLGHnpZk3vASWdu6BEjKzTQjLabOJeylHKV3Way0wuZTyVYFZg8XvbsJap1KW1jzijSCyMtJuMj3yrFRqJuYEimTbhZkYNXRfoEvXEba1SmeKhMsKMPJmHUwIj51qZK3ICufNwY6MuUg3Mwx+9yAyJ7Ytc9dJEsRPcZEJl3Z7f+ZNVgWydnqObUFkJcq5HH+IYs+7HDcbueKUWqW1NxwWkJo+6W6e+TsWyJfWuF7CZu5T/PsDeLZNIgnFWAqMDKnDmfCBr30e+UbOwCDea9doiorKZ2V7mrs1goznaa9lnFHId1YDItTFZCINiAZstcGYnuvs7w4gfnlDrQVDtE9SYlWcHoaofnxibd+CdYxowJ/mkwmGj3n02Iwd8Cz+4jQVk934mLtaQXTqlRMn28h38NPLDQCk+mJFtJt9jPP8rbm8zLgnQZLzLsBgJx/fJl14dTTVVj7qrTXJjgIaHM5+3rKgX6IsqRvxajnvdcy+GQ1ljjWTPwBAJqSQKks2EA2FCPSNwSyTcR6FU4r2hXTkUfrGmQMpBDjddHoQND3BjvGaoCi7sg4JRSRMBq0WRZ+Lq1ppY5IRWj6442jp63Vm/oXUnuA9AtR7vv2+hzvVvwYw9r1wKrcoUO652t1HeG+f4wb66zFE6YP87GJof/98v1gfxef1ATtLHZelfYihv/b3+w6aPR8fHp/kqkL1JwirkCT7x/Th6cPiw+xwQNgXgsTZ/7j6VUGz8D3fft/Dw/BfA0jXqUpjrjDoJFJ7+THWD0AQlN8iqVbsyCpNjRdYJump4I655g9uVI2kSIKmsp7IUNSg6Ofc+u/2zrY5URgIwBMQEiIgyKsUfEMU8KWionIqc+O0Pa///wcd2OvVztQeceiHu2G/ksnAw2az2WyyhjRyMR6aOH+KIeJ3B29qLtgPtAf1EkSiUpJMoIJocyDp3LVLmEQyK8ZnBmwsT7JlrLNc/kynPbR/mVmywQuHS/k59RNnl9fB9S7zPKBBQwQslRmGW6WbrU5m7/KNwsbHxQzmZNf77niS1ouUpHXrUJobg092nKoteRZsmz/EZucNBVsL19g2Z3OFgZ4ixgscXngmSPZOIxq1RhrOa+BI4t/zgTiyBAZMlOpB1jnCJYazajx0gthUvb4NIy2Q55dV161aZK052JHgvQxm4quH8hI9zdo1JJ2C5mmUpPX57FCD/4eQH3MwJhi025qwjNRVMFBGkgtXv70ULr+pcFNf5A6OEkKu05hwd+uwl8Eanu6Ybi2/6By4BtCiVcMV258kHO1WBB9higSDEvmnu8LuJ30QaUESmTIB5vrEN+3eY/JtO8UDJ9mz+uXmkHu4F/2I11k4DIbAekwkpZ9vMKlnj6/v7QKlq9Z8zd429KsAjTEojiQc3xGEw6gxrxc2mXT/KDhJRywZ4JnE+DDW6lhnR0MZXIJI7ZgXJNWEMDLpWJ4uloDlVlv2++tbL0IvouttBa60a517dX9QPFw9fEpA8cUgPukxwWEChbUNb/0FAEMV2l3G1QQllN9v7/7JIUwDe793WmsWouPDcXlh9RDsMvVzbv+1vzN+Lp7GtlGhXjyg6CqUTVADQcFRXt64fIC4HoDclGCZk65MCEj2kWj4mf5T6sPym+5A782YMFvteD1liFsMCBwN1Y6KT6zsTJwW/jmc85TIynTzBQAhzb8OG/aTt6c408o0SnXBKFQtYPuZhp6jD+w++izbD5McNWJ5EsdE4IuPYNQMw7On+wUAScRVLKWWStPYztZFjWcL/ku1Csp2Y24S1rNQ0gM9MzN74ooXpxuOqgASigCNWYOCQkx3GkxsHOubCiCpIIrLFnOWlHpqGzRjoQJ4i0wW/Dru2m1KrwDeKi2XvgfxrhrCt4sxYJqwAni7YBbCCmAlFcAKYAWwAlgBrACWA/AXuEUdVvBsf/kAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Auto-wrapping text

![Text Rotation
Mode](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Rotation Mode

![The difference between \\\\dfrac and
\\\\frac](data:image/png;base64,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)

The difference between \dfrac and \frac

![Annotation arrow style
reference](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotation arrow style reference

![Convert texts to
images](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAA/1BMVEVHcEz/RET5+f//JSX+/v//Cgr/BQX/////AAAAAP//5ub/+fn/7Oz/8fH/4eH/v7//Njb/PT3/xMT/YGD/S0v/Ghr/h4f/0tJSUv///f3/9vb/rKz/trb/Hx//aWn/oaH/UlL/sbG6uv//EBDy8v9ycv/r6///lpb/nJz/bm7/ysqsrP+bm///zc3/jo7/WVn/LS3/u7spKf/Ly/8zM///enr/ZWX/gID/3d0NDf/T0/8fH///p6f/2NhmZv//Fhajo/9aWv8HB//l5f88PP//c3P/+/va2v9AQP/f3/8WFv+Skv/AwP9hYf+xsf83N/9GRv+IiP9NTf97e/+Bgf/yppyNAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADtFJREFUeNrs3Wt/mkgXAPAiykxFFBSxIiDGJHipoEnFXDS2STRp2rRN2+//WfbMANaoyba7dX/PY895oaDM6Pw5c8EX8uLFIgjGz8aLjYEuCIiACIiAGAiIgAiIgBgIiIAIiIAYCIiACIiAGAiIgAiIgBgIiIAIiIAYCIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiACIiBgAiIgAi4xfCtnz2yalgI+CiGDXhQjecPqjhKAliqI+Cj4HaC//xBhWnuj+nCsqepbpGQoquWKoS02nVBKCozNQSCeUtQZ7nFcdpIIaOMrYayMDI0t8ekXDWAZ2PY0nhSVqGEO8iqUl8dnOiNQFecMem5VqCOTEKyoeo0XGW3AOvl+gCGtE5zZpXsE2JIodW2A6PRDwkZ9euWrpv8uNG0NRaD6qQfFnpVvTyygr5CBqIxGIoT4mTCRocdZU29gVeT/WltkOtRrW6Zqk+KkjCuT31iClrDF8u53QIcalX2VNIhyfojYtgKUcptQsZiNW8PFGVSLrL3c1MYy4rNCtFY7xVcQvLTDhFGiqJoI+L05Xh2iTaKUAvpSQXYhOOLGahiKJBB8wROxK4BVvpq2JhHQ1vJJYbAIAFrYMtFSYSYDvhhzQkhZrkWA8LRij0wbRsOsIfEcePaTtR+aSyTgp0lpDOFhyoDZHu+SjymO7B3DJDkau3pkKijFUALAJu9LIQcAcIAqawBeuwAhThBUpvSmJXDGLC8CihCVdauZSDjGYnEgZ6siP4yoJkt8yXInDPbHrwGacgnixiQ6EFUxQKQ1eaV50WWZmuAbAQg7V0DNEqeYbfJxA48oZ8lIw0URAZYVog3nbWGep4f5zVHRnlWheGuZc2ZolK2SM92PV+3WOpG4QWeL5ZIvjyr53tNBghjQ4H1Zb9P5q7oz/q71oV7M9dtwUQ7aetDaGcNurI8g0G/58CLhVAPa/H80AjcFmzmhvpMHsFq2nQgn06GbuDlSCtZF06GrutDQSvQC3m2EqrCwnvCltXWEIoYrjEWd2wZ81+GGU/3CPgPw9Adwe4g4D+OfGvkneCvMfhzFgYCIiACIiAGAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgAiIgBgIiIAIiIAYCIiACIiAGAiLgrgN+fJsmJL338LCX/skS77sPn+Ap9eH7t28Ph3884MWbNDl8dX5/f/7q5zDSn88vv8Lz/umXi4sDBDy4Tqfvz99DYh3dL+dg6ubs5uwstQHwbP8dBzz/iF2YA5Kbyy7b6l7ekON3cUqd3R6dv7y8u9pYJgb8cPweARlg95RDXIFj9yXfTO8fvbs6fHV0FuVk9zaK748B37w5P0gh4DV5HSXa4d1rcngcibw+3we38/0UH+Tef4rieBkwfbOf2jv9gIDX5NPpDZ9do57M49U9UzxKpY7ZHJ06jGJ/GZDH/S0CXpOr09c86y5vFq9+/gYPXy/I3gPbe3sUxcEa4MU1Al6nycEdJNrx3QXMHd+iSeTVdSr9+u6MPPAuuv8oA9Ppd1/TaXIF/f7s7jsCwjowdXB+e3v3jg17L6MsPD5/c3sEy+WLvQ0lPp9efj4g3aMvX85f7f/pgOmzj2nIqZvu91NmdfVpP7nc6EIupr6+33Tt0u2+3SOp4+7bY1zGkHTy+PB5HevqS+rJQuk0+T+P3/1jwtV6d9y/wR8TMBAQAREQATEQEAEREAExEBABERABMRAQAREQATEQ8A8DNHudLfx9qtLpyX8IYEWihd9fq0UzJzsNeGL4cd5VMv8SMG/463+h3KDSbgM2FhnyrwEtSifreR22czsO2PxdgAOamfyPTiJV+dFALK8Oy/PFC/JKuerG+uZm9Uer2R+aLwHK8yeqXi+78m2KNJNfeWf14x9XLsv/CWB10BZUTW83ohuHmPVAU3UjTptx6JMKvO/W4LtmR4Kqe4tv1ZnpquAU1usLBVWY8f+LNmcClYIwDIdzBliU6y4UWfyVtDkusc+KWKp+OCaDUFNbS5UV4TM03RkrxBzqVHJZVSbJOeGJ2XI1rZJ04bwT5uUWVN7uLYpCVW5d7oUzZauAcluiUXCKiRbtlMf8XYdqtQx/YUiKNt8IIkEzLifNHp9npRRVkBlBNihJ3U0ZAKWGG+2M45yMP8tu8NTTqDNiu7Mf52KUicuPSW6aVJUjeXhBZ9uDZBLpUNrQo7cbUVEjKhp4tJnfKuCYSiWr1xmMVAaoqDQzK3ZaIs3w+4i06TQj1DoDOPt1u1/vFIGHZ8jc4eUKwDh8lH8hfOlBpyZQ6sPZqbVpxq/X65DAAChmRsVOXaRl3qQ8bBjFXk2jTZaTc4Ha1G10rOLSqMde6A0MrUbkxoxKBqtKJnmJ2plhsVM7YcsYVlkPKm9C5S2b2tmoWXDqOwVHgg/JbhUwoPGtGGTWhQ2A4qsPkaomB6Quy7CcSKU++yJVgQrzaPng8WKelKksj/QSnbGRydSj2cNaJAB04eikFDOUFa0GVOQl4VBWJQBS5/Gg1qbaPB4Y4aGwmNABUKot1oERIG1y+EKGsgYoItV4z/XptgGFpS5DzH7CWWf9gzUh5gHJqG+0KLtlF7Q2vqtAVaXLN0krUVtJvIzVWdiJtjQaRvvxLdM6/BxAlatNDWiwcRYGQJesAs6Sr9OOzm80OJvqtgHbtFxbjLLQqHgIz07piL/bj3LAp9N80ow8u6NS0noypEs3aDDFRAmGNH0VsJYgs3c8mtw8DQqNl8/JIgzabCmbAb01wMZyjxpRMZoTyWzbgJUypWLJj64oLSrFI5Cs0lLUiaJ9j4pRcwu8GTBoC2GJRahSdelqobloWsgHgU3rQIcKvGXNUhxNlqwAGK5ee4gwwwR+0VwHtFYAJVpcPjsh/4iox2wZkFSCJptMNXYGa0mPZc1xnwEc0KWwf4xck+YiM2eU3XvlacDSchVD/onttQvBEp971XF1FXCwCig9AgwW2VzfOiB8zcZMjYblpQzUns3AArS5lsRgYwY6tP9sBoawVFpUUdkMCBU2hhosSLxfBHSS7w1jz/YB2dhbgGm3SjoZGq/RcmW+PHkKcLI4cOU3KzuZk9h0XX0O0KBl89ElyEZAPsmofET7FUB/McCG/w0gb4/CZv8guYblw8xTgDC5BRurcXnesbRu8jNgPQlYlJJx/+8AoRuySgq/ANiR4tkwW94yYHVSXQxZMptSo7VaTqV95RlA2M8kKags/xxS4wtodlvXaDjtUKm3GVAWaD+5RmA3r1sHrE7k5OSyfPqB9PeAc53yWzLm3G2vA+dwddvJ5ipw0cQSJivSqXeStbR4pfokoOlSqV34q72zcUpUiwL4hGx4WNxtzUzdHFtC1ylTF6234IYCvvzWzP7/v+Vd4F4S1naxrX0jnTOTIze4xI9zzxcNR5S+n1wl1hfzezJ+dSw5GcsVNQWn6Zub7/mfAAqX3WTi67EkHpcOD8SNGrj3qZ4WpZv6mWuPU8Vk5iOZ6jYCQOG4m3zXyP6b2D99bQ1sOnnrO5KznrqAzhPOJvmp02s98G2xxNIrdyFJh+zA4EoUSUKx7+Sh1wWqPWR7n2j3ZZJd9SG9K+mms6szRVNyA8frn4J8eoo9kWYVzlRuLvzNL5claS6cZnGgF8CkDxz/3S39oLndq9nA8+xps3iUaLD+cWL2U/GoySom6Sqlc1z94QERqyy2/XbtHJj5Jx0sUBWqGWc+RjX/uXGQSJBcTapWRTYpjeKkr5nEUbHZqBIFFfIn1XQ4wqo3nFOclqi3+XzoTEVMtT+V8KFacv6cx8k/Vinbwkk9W/pAbmAz9dpOJJ9KBRikpNvIB24suRWkUN0wn3+yGCSl8tuc4hdTbZZMMhOTh0p/V1ih9gtzxwhwO5Ey9XNRvMyeufYVAW4P8Cy53+0S/5O4FBDgc5ZwqdHsnhX3sqKAAJ8phZSUuv07T+XeqCBABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQASIABEgAkSACBABIkAEiAARIAoCRIBvGCDHIcDtRDcM9i5ZTi7fL/q5hxd/t6wykh8Mo+Zv1wwm8u4DnAPQN5i37sATy3jZLhfztuZM67++WzCByXL3AcoMoDwGazZvtXr3AIsX7dMwAdAIw5w/MAO154keH4CDMYy9BcVPLLh7SVM4fZAHyiIA8C4+NpAC5E2w5mxsBfB0m4bKtFfzpLfNe8zbMQXIU4C6tXaBigqqC+diWQupYmXV8Q2YtoWp5Nsx18AlwPxxcAWW0/CHH8I4CMnuA3RM04GoadtQCAOs6LrNxUkDczAeBVzzxAPYCSxTLgfWkoxUcgA1PeBp7FxQzNGvAGpjcgf6EyU2GsgtQF1TCLKgneYhfLkd7NfQY4GHrkGoE4YOIWk9DdCEsdpWLYD+IC4ayKnQXhsdaTDblKb0oe9hJvubLv4h46TIQZkqTwPs9UacwOkGIajERQOJ21gbHGhgbMpaLOj5TtUFWIbBM2wgkzL48+26BoasXcuC1caIWKO8CHC3QZA94P8AoN3xbkMcvDCx63rA1tU27GvQ6MZV0dAOdjkoK/v3AAXfJOy+F64FkM3A2lRRyMGClQPA0t2ocP4cJxIngEwD7TEs/Gshad3GC8tBm2fe5M75Nn3MWJRaSJRISzgXlzhQeAA/MCHRHi0wDFo6H1jCXrDITwBkzyhGLX2tA+TWnEgtNsUEZQiW1xRtZAJ4jUr5u2AgfUF+wTmdcUmY6O5ganbU86wVE3qGbNMwZqHERgOF0RBANSZLkyQJNHwOA1RIIrcolxcAJuf54kUUE1YZttttCzTyafJeeSs+gbQgW6wKoyxpnaAzoVj4e0sNqMjIq7l2lhyNt2dRTmG79VTL+XBtaMt0K6zjYSxSOc5+TOor8nJV7oDqr8uKbQfjPI7s8TBnBYYpRGpOyrd8oSZVsfXWwP6fG6u91EMlPtQhbkr8cUTLNoFdbtL8ao81LywYRiO4hQ95SwCFXu4+UorKqSo2aP4T4aY73VwT/zMBASJABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQASIABEgAkSACBABIkAEiIIAESACRIAoCBABIsA3A/A/pEGJuVmHcsAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Convert texts to images

![Mathtext
Examples](data:image/png;base64,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)

Mathtext Examples

![Rainbow
text](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rainbow text

![STIX
Fonts](data:image/png;base64,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)

STIX Fonts

![Unicode
minus](data:image/png;base64,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)

Unicode minus

![Usetex Baseline
Test](data:image/png;base64,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)

Usetex Baseline Test

![Usetex
Fonteffects](data:image/png;base64,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)

Usetex Fonteffects

![Annotation
Polar](data:image/png;base64,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)

Annotation Polar

![Fig Axes Customize
Simple](data:image/png;base64,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)

Fig Axes Customize Simple

![Simple axes
labels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple axes labels

![Adding lines to
figures](data:image/png;base64,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)

Adding lines to figures

![Pyplot Two
Subplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pyplot Two Subplots

![Text
Commands](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Commands

![Text
Layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text Layout

![Drawing fancy
boxes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Drawing fancy boxes

![Hatch
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hatch demo

![Axes
Divider](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEwenogeoIcfoYcenYgen4gemon///8em4kenIkjqoIhpoUiqIMflIsrc44us3siio0lg40bn4sdoYzJx8cenowflos0Xo0VdWdCv3EemYofkIweoIwjb2Qel4okhY0hjY0VlIIgj4yK1Ub+/v65urklrIFffnooeo4gjowfk4vT0dE4Vozn4uM8TIogpYUxZI4+vXMwtHozYY0enYkVd2gVlYMpr39AvnIfpIaO10Tr5ucRemsRh3YYc2ZHEGP08/Q/Q4aRnZuF1Ekqdo7f4xfv6uoytnk2WoxHwG43uHYpcGUanYpcfnn+6CLGxcVEAVQssX0fl4r/9/kmfo7b4hgvao0fo4ZYx2U7unT++/qo2zQ+R4f68/Qelooih42HlpRhgXzNzMz39/cscI7p6ulVxWYRiniurq9DOIJnzFwtb2W+vr5CPITG4CBGFmjd3d1Lw2wlgY7u7u46UYrm5ef55yHOzs5GCV7Dw8Pj5BewsrBtzlhGHm8orYDu5Rv8/Py1tbXN4hzi4uI2cWhFL37Y2NiOjY769v2U10CKiYpFM4Cy3C6WlZXKyskcnI0bnoteyWGgn50md4+a2D1yz1RRxGmampqSkpH6+vqjoqOnp6cYhYW83ik9PX5/0Ux50VAZmotGJ3hsy1g8MnWrq6ski4t6enolbGQdaF3n5Rg2vHdCXWo7TIdYxGOGhoZlY2ag2jctQmvU4hssZ2Y1MWRkyF4lUmxHT2lMQGItb4c1m3+Af4AXeX5CbWspnYNuhoRyeoQbnIksYGc1SH1FfWMtWoIxBD49Dlx2bX42j4GWlSMbYm5zdHMqpIGKjjxhjElGLlc2H1xyjUaRlW8ug4g9onrW4ScpklsaoYjg4iVYhViztK00fV3P3jBJhlMueoY3ZmpBm04ikokpX1d1j342B0y2tBKHzU5ZdXKXkmFGsWsij5EViWkVV054kTM9HU2GkpKClHdkvFpcvWWh0jFXo0FrqDWctBh+rikco3cVb3EdgWBOu2GPphzRxAxtmCrkAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAHqtJREFUeNrsm2tQlNcZx0WFVYFdqJctSwrERQJChAXNLhjLWsBdNpVmFQiIA62XDTDc7wJyLSCCsQh4LbpOYlUoGiClTpvLTBP7QW11Jrdqk5qaD9Y2GScTm+r0Q/v8z767suwubAQmL8z798O+nF3P2ed3nvM8zznvu/PmfUuJ5rjmzbQEgAJAAaAAUAAoABQACgAFgAJAAaAAUAAoABQACgAFgAJAAaAAUAAoABQACgAFgAJAAaAAUAAoABQAfncAiyorQ9UCwCfWvut37179RAA4BYBJSf8TAE4FYH39XQHgVABW9wsAn1yB+66npDgC2Hrvmalr848aPvgn0wfquemBIyOOAP7kh889PWW9vHnf1Xqmq+VzE2BB00MHAJd9f/miKevpnwFgf31/BQ8Blt7bPBXdO8MAFsw0wOv91aR+HgJ89vxzU9GGrwjg+319Dxu/HcDFVnICYMoIKYGPAH/wiyn4xuKXfwqAnZ0P/9S4c0YBjjSRRuYqwIyMR4d2N8wowAKmWQPQWfM4gENDjz6Z2SV8v4/p/u65CbC9/VHN+OowL7uUXl6ZLoCdUN/9PeVzEmBMzH/GA2xorTkuCixttAC0RrbQSpPgJIAUJaD7xyv5A1C9o3yaAN6Ii7MBKBIdChU1rHpz3TQBHOohDd0v5dESbm68SF9n03QANBptPfDiARi7Y7o8sJ3pfV4lEfV+tajy0Hl7Fjo2zx7Av/b2fmMDcFVekVUSmRrAGzFyUswNPgHc/WZooKg8z+KBUwBYW/tNzWRZ+HEXa0kuVkLLJADjTpHieAUwdP8ZtUi0fjoA5uZOCNC6XxdX0nxoAYldoMXFeqjxAI1MN/hcB04BYFfXnRkGSE5O6uUrQCsDzfZZmWdlnQ1AQ9oMA9xKTg7dnqMAiw/fOdMwswC7mOYqwMTiO6+f2DkxwLXm3ME6fgkKh3DBhjJnk7X2AN5OY5qbALdeVvn8xeESfor7T+Djij6j3UlLoCAIFx7UEo33XPEpm3EA8DDT7fU8BPg9rrhg3kHc4BYeJGYjLtAAlPjAQmvjOIDpihkHmMjEd4DMQNjnMdY8NJitsw9wYGCmAV72UZF8Pp2jACM1Mw5wIJ2kmBUALUsY1lmW8IQAJZIJAbJqEjH1JXRXp9frJQwHFqUKVxJqqsN7LJ1Yis+xADXQAJ8BorqYHx0d7Q630Eskkkj6xpH0qkdDOL2DbOJiF6BS/6VTAKMBSUmdRqp8SMWkRFxoaBglmyuHACWRJA1fAbLky3lIEL6pgqxK5MxToWEJ5x7zrY3jAAYpnwQgBij2cQ7gp3qmWQGQjJGkWwGkhokBLgn6NgDh3SwlUP/FLDk4ATCorq4uKGg2AFyCVZsO+yhCwTyFZBKA2y6HezgHMBwZQ4lohvBXjMquGFc6atGzfOUI4M9NWecFXgF8pdUMkJWA2BpQtFNSUNcVGwyGrtHR0S56PYwwX4c4iD2DOZGMBfh2tPuX2TbntUcbzQDZ5i3c3T0c3q1XUZ9pcST5ECkGVxgmEXG3Dp9yNcfasQA9WO7mFcBlB/Y340SaAOIro3yB9+mwZToVEyPvycjI6JHTRRc1YJGhnom2No4DeDPa1gOPVLaVi47tsQZI0UDvk5Zm6JLHyOUxuMvRjoPSUUNaGgBGOgYYjS1fNK8AHm9t3EMUzz9lC9BgJPtMAOXyuDRDmmESgEs3HGged5pwtPRIUWDN2XUOAMoZwCETwK7JAd7EpnLpC5t4BHDViQOtotJlth5I68koB0CTeXFomBjg6eUbzq4ad5iQ19a2E7c1bQCqqL8LcXLLEmYADZMB/DGOGZaePxHKH4DHsvMCcSJtBujh4R5ElV/6aFdXl7ynpyejs7Mzg17b0aCjqtAxQL+Dz9s+G1OEZ/mWrVtK+QnewxJwuk6nM/T29hrZXd6PSX24Mtb29l7Q0Ht6d/rUfHsAT8tIB8/lNfMwC1OGJFGG9NBT0XIYTleQkJJSn5SUVJ+SkjJCzhKXqFAo6pAm7QLMXPF8toMs/Bgg9S9BVZSL8JeSkJDQTwMk9eOqndzw1XSFQiXBp+wCzPQkrTi3STQLAMY9BtjvHEBfz/86DVCRSxMUM0IdVydxI6S003oGQIVDgH9fDXmeWy+akx4Y8sUTA7zlJEDflSTfN9bPMg/kAMoZQKVDgAFfTI8HqiIdAgzwIgW8wdOdiKsFoErBeWBCQn1FRdKtpqamAiNFfR1t5sMpmy7ewsmPJHNbZAKY5RggsrAFIPWvUoyaY2B1BQkjNMXRCBf02HLTEC5bxo7h5+bmBoBZkNe7fAeoMgGUF1QzgBW3CgoK+mpzc3Mj65TKhX4ymZ8nJ2acTGYC6J/lJEAVB7DdAnAEj/0Zc3NrDwcplcrwsUN4ZprGkAGgvzcpa3YDdJG5udkHWOL9xAA/tgCsA0AaQmYXYAnTu7NhCcfQ7q2pv7+6AhEKS7i3trZWo9TrFyxeu3bRCpIZoMwMMLnkmvNLOJf6b0/AI+OIgSlYwsbc2loD8VO6L6LI5zlukhjAZIifALm7cq601/SQ6PW6CyTjP0x69WvSR6QPSfFisTieFIzVhJjuu9pzAwMYnDwhQNNOhAp1VkhfMBqNp9jzpn8jdf6b9PWDBw/+9Q7p81+ZFUDyRemSuWULAAYz8RMgrRoSUVzoitshODHRpaenayIjNR6nSd0kKSmMpI2KiooASAYxZOVbOA98uzv4muMnE0zdy3Coxe63KNmJLRazRqPRhf+BlNwdHLwLQ2gxRhQ3hjgZgwSEhPzyma2/7sbUdfMaIM7ssB+GfThQhbfUkdlumPoozjptRERE6jiA28i6a0ccPmRuD6AGJ9IqGkDnjvaS4DEAtVE0hg1AMROvAbq4uCzAgSrOO3GkrxgYGKi7efOmSwlFH9gk1Wq1UgCEM1gBFIuvOf6Zw/QA3MX0Wz4CPEiVA5SZmbmFiq5FiEW/h65cufLZ70jvkV5jOvnaycHBwTJAhFv6e3mZAJJljZMuYW6C3NmJNLsVQjM0sATnVN40ReKoMXPEJkmc7P8YYCrEK4CBava88bPnDvqx2mR1SEgIyv0sTHtwd3B3KnnEYEdOTkcs6UVSVWxVVWFLS0sO3IQcZFeyv/9bXwEgWeYwiSzn5geVsRsO69/5MwmJ6SPM0oefkf5Ieu+kWWWkMPCKR+alr2QBmMorgNltefSy3gKQ9ppsv+RPSib/SqVQPpiTn59TWFjIAYyN3dvR0ZLPARQ/BphqC3DnMRNArntPX26CvOBWJd00Q2Is2o05pELquQpDvEhzFNvCTVIYgq3Y298fACOYeAOwOTS0XJR3QiTac/T85ABjLQCr9na02AEYYQtQfaitiP1OxALQ3H8WBkAEiEe63U4j5O+NLSysMs9RbAtN0liAJQTwUhTLzcN8Abijpia08iiFfXXohB5Ylm/yQGYejNub09GRr9WGSWFbSVYWBzDCCmDg7uZmtehEniiwPNspgIUTAiQP3HZJyjTMpyRytm3H2CSCE8vVvr6+K2GkN22b4neJxREU1LXbSRtJeF1Df0dROhSzLBwQYEoi0igrgA2Nx48XVR45JmrIu+i0B8Y6BOgNgFomXgEUNTQ4BOhfUuIdTNUeEol0DYnBI1GVK42wqQO10mGbJfz6gSLT70S4JOKJbcVKjmIWNrbJmIioMEwRTU8+SyCYKFawo2gJxqdolgAwjGmYx2WMcwDLqKK2A1BrAzBwp/qYVRb25Pr3ZW7IAKKfCCm5YRkbYiM3hNR2J7LtUhnT8O5ZBTCeAJLHTeqBl8rChictYxwCJJWxETbSPwZQapokK4BrmIZb1bw8THAzSzZGOHT5nGqPEMQsBEVvdiSXleVFbSvZPt/Pb8O0ADQ54EbOBdESNR4gJnD7mt8c3cP/X2uan4bEibqMqt8VzGqz8Ae7QUYynwdeGiwbbnQGoKcFICalBFvC/7N3/lFNXXcAP4DxyY9DejT+wFmtkFBWtrJEIAE7jcsYhcORRkFA7DzCoJhGjGb8CCAGIuEQSSxMyq+yWHIYa50SS2XTse7HH2uPm55jz85Zy1896txx7fE45+bas3a73/vyXvJ+hKQG1wfJ1z8ML5ckfHLv/d773rv3sweGd9A6z0E8C4/wVA6eOwqlnkpOBoA7oIbuu2gkFgdAmDFAvdwFZ/9wz08FXNqB2scAuO/Zt2ZNw4EXXONa7v0JJic4t5DZmQr6i3rGc1Jw84G9lw6hNLNjx8WapQlwx763uq1BAPSuiMI3YAFOfPEDaCUzKjl+D6qaY4A4BA2QXggD9/p6YhncUEH/nfTFJBRkZYqlAF4MftcOFkCABGPEr/t+R8kcgAdxLCqA1BIRvEaE0QpZ60T2/uLQjot1oQBMhlz1BBW8AE/iWKoADx4KDJC5kBGvcqVfeNf3UXivJUFs9KnqALALx1IFePJgkABpdiLGOzCW8MQyUw2+sL730vh41/j4+PXFANAXIrOi+AFovtR18v2QAOIG7SdX0wDHFwPAedcL+9szAQHsetwArx/DISiAUnX1QgEcD0uAajdMi7Y+uWo1GRt8YpVvUAdXc2ODB+D4+8EnkUzungkBNggBgIdx3BMKQINEYh0d0hOEte5uVijxxt8B4LEvA3C+XTv8A9wO58WFAzBdpncMuW0IoMlUjEMyOiUpZoSkv5t1pFh2lX2kw44BHnvvcQNsbt6O/t0TVBJpYtyw3cA+zyE1VHFOwXLuP1B3AMDDPACrp2B1eVUWXw/B6iPoToKvl0CRjQFC3BNeFvbyIh41EMDD77knfC6sV1dXD3dMGghzuv1u1joyqP89PzGC8cw6btzZe+9dMgQMkLCMVjEhWkdYH7dm1MS5f6PViABuP3x7tNr7y+Y6+2DrpLuVkKajnoAMx2SHhB0O26iDc2xSxilnmiLSySebzAIGWGOYVTPboN7OLGE0TLFXGTjcqJ5dat5+m92Ehxu6mT2AjOdcsoRn0UIHz1mdugAf/asH2DA4OCJNH2F8v8Zus42dvAdZN8BYZif1hPT6C823uX9jNbO2mInHF189wGG1Ue1wMxvIsG2kn1nK6i5mVQ+16aoMAbz9wrsTAd9Dzb2eYeGcYJZa+FbSGNVCB4irl6yYWUtq9KzP3SAzcW7BqqkmpLNut9sR8PXTR7tZ+B02G5tgdV23hDtlcusXA8AQQopi3gJGk8lBGG0sgIMWnqVvI8Wc5tFvly1xgIETlEkvsUwZWEdHTXb2IfPECKezVA+5p8IdIE7Ds3UsNkY7+wihnhy08rR+awTgwo7dIwCX2jAmAjACMAIwAjACMAIwAjACMAIwAjACMALw/3RhXZ8eARgKQGPxbEMEYChN2HTVSJhGhr6zQNE/bOrv7zeGUQ002KyEseruS99ekHjplvpv/837gyN8ADbgq7zem4tCjJUvq//0ZuNfq8ItC4cm5vOJIgSw9HgEYEgAp1v+HQH4aO48EmBnaQRgSADrO7+IAAwF4Fh9WAGsXnCAvWNfpIcPQMMQ3Cq0dSEB/rP301mZOVwAms1TNbAN8iv8xOaVD8b6AVj5qcwYNjXQPKGH7cxpNWToAO/3XHjYFD5NWOIGs+H3FrAG3k/peRhGSWRYbTQzkkioAF+878x9GM7DmNj51sJkBhCIYoBnNP8KU4A87kHaLeeVy4mW+bcPYoADZyIAQwLoGogADAngP3Q3WACNsqCiSmoKruDwkgb4l/N9GGADbEBhSYcRYfHd54KIdXd23wqm3HN3hbT1k7rV4g8g7V71Bj4UCODn5RigHm7vvzoIy3S8S73mi+wDxImVQZRbJSijjdoOK9+2Ul45Uq7pdQ965YNxlN4QK6NimAtUYxkAX72B58KSEYLosMsIs2OIsemEnxQem/1Ox60inlkku+ArTwpq8zFJB3hn3tjADzCBljfS9saAAD8+cmO2w0yYbGoU6TZCah0JBuCK7Heq3l58AIcHh6oJtdVfDXwkgEkfwNqSQbvEau0Y9Gx/FwzAA9ITv1t0ANWtrWofNaR/gHFBAyyUf8DKwuR6YdbkhsMn++ndGCB7EsQuKLAm7MnCNECcesE+Fo/dpLC3vRJ8jPgB1pRiL7XIV7HJBKg4G64Ace7FalfKfikuTKL0l7Q/FPsNE2IoweEyDkDx2f/4B0jODmErFY4GnAHQW45TcMkD/EzMA5CqVFF4aAkDInJE6fPbJEBOuWisrvcpt9QB/uYzZQQgViiD0CFfJZfLQVBakIQeyBVadOxRAG4g93OMjs4B7zPWtmdkZCA4nkxEASyCjwHlyrAf2lMwBtTu9BsJDKBn452VlL8b5w9IuwrQkRaAV6RPh6IPHqkoRWlcmcdR6gOABpjqDyDK7hl4bA5JPQHyeTQ/wJiYMjwC8JQrg6wvUICGqW6jZyaSSbkhSXljAeg1XbkowK9ZeRoezcAxaMfaeI/gUCTiAoznB4izO6KCs7pSmRqH8nmMz+9TAFHrRd9hXFw7WbA9Li4Dsr5AAY421UkIi94/wBRSUOoVsAYEuDkniwsQNBhgLtaK83GnmpRUCL1pBqpb0At4AWIHMe5A5KAPL0iqEItTocsQ4d5CcAAnikcdRFM/TOXmA3jhywBclQUXlcymdFjermYCVGoVuFNVqfK12gT/AFO12gq5CrreQi30uoIFWGOzqz1+YQ7A2tpaHQgNe3wFrLVBANw2iebC+kGbxWybGCSncqizLMtJUCorCo64XANOZ5urtiAJjczLcnAeoaZyRZlQLkOpzC8omHG1OZ0Drr6kAoWyPScnBneXwksiUjoLZ3r0rgnxWrDMnB9oa3NpsIAVvFGkgNWFAixB+diF7gfg6m3FKDONGFod1TapjTDLZrM2RIEaN04hPlLeh6t0bq6rvFYhVmbER4tIgLHZP+u/tRJ9iDIwOqnAD90DXe+Z2vIK+MLK8FsJdxjjOQFYBiMHBah62lDr1VS2gN3QI2AtzTuNqiEWRFbgmTE/wNdObYMmLBsdMtXYZHZCauxANZAGOIOzUg8GqPABuCL7zjdfLqIB9pVrSIDO8sUJUO4CO2RlXinp1yT1l6c1HkXpvADXbIMkMtzhsDRYJuCMtCNrlQjcwlqVfECTOz0919g4PX3BeUYlVyTExdAAn957ogh9iPi4VLn8vEYzNl3a2Dg3PebUvFpRiFLxIgSo4QWYFAjgJ9vYWZgCmKQaSOnBL5iXV6lxJqnyGQB3UwBVctTQ6/Nadu48njemSamF98tYIjUwiCb8yR+5w5goEqAcAIJvcrqzp82lELcvAwsp3q53OQaY6amBfbkpnaCNnOvsbRtI0mpFUSug3K6NG9ef+qlAp3KZNEAxyBtd3j6wsbFxZx4lYB0oVCgUYpjKieiNuXet9+xV7A/gagrgmdzTeS3HdyKAKboZrTJh+Yo1HoHm+s1sgKCNzOus1LVVKNtjV2ykRJHCAlhj4QOo8gBMAYClx339oTqdGE0RUkH54DWw0gLM1xHAX+3nAbhMJIqPV1ZUuJwp9fV/npvr7XU+eHDt2q9vgioiOfkZ9BIkQNBHxlUUnnc6x+o75+bGensezCiuXbt5MxnKfQ2xFhZA/VVpIIC4BpIGW6dO59KJlUplO2wSu94PwE08ANFzaIiMKmE+GuGhKfW16J+kpW3ZsvZ5MPB9F5wXT70GZ2OWg7wvKj6+PT9fhWYhFe1RN9NK9mzZgk1ziWD0fEI4hmurXm+Q2syIog3PRLgANd4aSAHUBQZ4lB8gVvJpQccnP3s248MnStKwgw/8e6AG8wKMEsUnAECQ9rV/uKZEuABNJoMatgscNvD2gbm5KZVvtrS0HKcNtk5dW5tOAQDhJLFXYbuGAbCEByBI+cCZiIWJV65cuXz59x5T4j6QJCampe0HgK+vx+V2keV+CVZFqtyPz53bAi7FTcJShOsn9Yy7s2KBYnw7igo4C1gLU48ZiM8/RgF/+pWPEi9/dJmUNGJpFIoSrO4Gf8XbL/72ctrPm9gAT6FUkQxKvk2g49uzdu2hg8ewhW978zjIu76VmHgUA9yI5X1YrfgjkPbtOziOjYrbm491df3wG2sTf1CyX6hyUqwCwt5G8LtmKOHscz6cRi0ED2YZOHJLsCT3+f+1d26vbVthAH8ZVQKL16xJXJZubYPNnNrNDC5jMFiOoQTTdqRkxg+jNCyyIGUKEXWLY4JBRosDCvaC9yBfYA9lxg3UOJSWwujLLqztQ/bQv2CwUNjL/oad79PFF8l2toRFwTqBYDknifVD53w6F30/+qVbckOo7UG50nkaDiYB4NVntXXRDHASVF6L50d9vngoFF5JgwNtbXb2wZYKcNQAODWF2jRQpgXrKxtom0OdIgB0nQSATQMwTunD4Pfa27qAFSW5KsCgbmBtB+h6NlaiI+Ayx4iVCmztyGMTRiEaytB88bg7Ug+H0YBGqdDLGIPIl9iER6DeBdDaReOuYOSeVq8eCcTirrt3FyefnEyAsEo2igBpcQcigUgXgL/FoQl7JG+BYXfLhPHcryJA1FFdABWVz+UKgcQrDAKviDvkUgH+lX2CAMG6NI0AXa6YO4CutJmZgNsdh390+oQA/AgAvnONxuNPEODvkNg+CpaoUKvoOmQJUFZy8yKksJOqVTQbjr+H5t1LlyanAE00Go8H4Y9E3G7alfp8o6dpD/qoun/jFASR2/rFGo1ejcdAOEzrBWMx7GynR+w4EgG3ZlO5hW4Z1XIOWvU/aLz48R5I5R6AC+AlFMhpnwY/zwrIGkMgAvbRfmsRAMaejbGEfV7k/NKYAnuXks2tHcOw3vvW0BC9C58E1Su9OwZB2AQdzFz8imnZ2mHUm9A+zxT6qRYWPvjW1gANb6Nqv6Sd3ne+mDvkDt3SDbazqsF2dnZtdWtjY2MroGtefbT+4i8UYBCasJgfk7hEMulh2pRAuPg3DBKgS5r/ZxrMPyMTEziU+7llZ4xWb0QT6l6g4xWoZy+A4jrm3/y0B0A0vIaC7f5QlLyuouHIDDD0uPvOBN2EMTx8agEdQLfVGQLaeVxs29qh1bsyPLRgVFTr2Wc2pkQLSSkMI6zv9AAY1QDSkj7QFejuChCp4L5X3LShu39MWzsQc7PeFa2i3RbWvblciuQkOiSpdgOIYTcOlsE6GN3SaBleu7m2ZvSBd0DM6jb6QAAYORhATTHUF6CuabEfQFgRqaGCeg7kpIadtMV+CQZbMLyCZBhs67plOFyv12/N0PgI9xaueFsU/jXw+OC7s1r3B/banWXX/YEeSeAYze7aE2BTwIqOV01hqwtE+wI8M769/W6znDFebdMyvo3l48+/+ObGdv96Z963qV/4yADe6wSY37++8/B6S9lpPXioHT388MtHnfUsf2ufO+kAw70BzjztGAuX5uZkaa5ZLjdaDub8Re0FYRJzVW/rj3L+1iP5svbCc8IBhnEI1hXg97ee5k2n2KZ99bR5c0hrmp5sm4Yg35bHP+Wx+ZNKHYZmY8Fj5E9acFyCduaoXtD8ex5MotMowYS1ka8pwPBTJ+mEsdNWlzQPodEVL81pvUxN6qJmFIguqBOqP/2wYgLIKQXCSM/X4TIslYsJJitrIlgebNVlPfO7uFzMMuJmATu5lLzEEEUhWmqCSonJy7z9ciYssb0AGo7hpsG2qQBGhe2UYWDVAL7qAOhhoRT9THYPAWaV+QpTzGoODCI1GEbGe6kSrUZSBaa0p8DPSg1BZvj1ZbW5s6C38tbsB3CpUIabmSMFeOd1K0C2nMtx/kKJEUkRnmBaqgoFRiZFTntOxQ9LCg31vn4+kaNvszw4YFi51GAyKV6TYPDL8HR4r1x9/z/AZCbjJw36wfjGzvjBALaZ1jss1AbArdedTVjarSR4oSLD6SdkmZ/n5ZwaVYo1f9bPKxWtCe9tCnkho0roy3KFF2RZjSr5XS/HZ8ubxE4AJX9S4vKyxRPrhv1SVeQaitemuLYZbNokmDcowPSGCSArCSxhBfXsCSfSDpHV16U5lnB66PXclxKEva9eZqIkJpiElv+DSFKJEIG1XRPOFIT+ANufdB3qLhBVAT543TMK/1f/RR9fjq1yJhwK4GofgIOQdOJwANMOwEMBfJl+kxcHHGD/vDFdc2dRgKtvOsbCDsB/B3D2TdJJvHMIgDfXBgmgKCdxRtrICnHuQArgc90SQiDAFwMCkCWETT1Pga/x77OfHUk5u8++evFiUADyipKp7W3CjELSr5favN9cakvm95ZqFhX9MsfR76XBacKJaqZjaGJ18hnmoG/yx5IF/jiDiCgezUDr+MtxRuG2GUILhaVgsYwjZa3u9Qg36ADFjFlDm9+UTVxEr7JsFdTlgQaY9HoFpmqa9i0IyxZ+hoxFJ5hRiuIgA8yOjUnVgimMLHtz5nadKVpMzlUbu+yAN+GSbHb7EsVibLupWM25kNTABxEnCjsAHYAOQAegA9AB6AB0ADoAHYAOQAegA9AB6AB0ADoAHYAOQAegA9ABeKQA/wGISnQrYY66TAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Axes Divider

![Demo Axes
Grid](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo Axes Grid

![Axes
Grid2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes Grid2

![Showing RGB channels using
RGBAxes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Showing RGB channels using RGBAxes

![Per-row or per-column
colorbars](data:image/png;base64,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)

Per-row or per-column colorbars

![Axes with a fixed physical
size](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axes with a fixed physical size

![Setting a fixed aspect on ImageGrid
cells](data:image/png;base64,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)

Setting a fixed aspect on ImageGrid cells

![Inset Locator
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Inset Locator Demo

![Make Room For Ylabel Using
Axesgrid](data:image/png;base64,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)

Make Room For Ylabel Using Axesgrid

![Parasite
Simple2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Simple2

![Simple Axes Divider
1](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axes Divider 1

![Simple Axes Divider
3](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axes Divider 3

![Simple
ImageGrid](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple ImageGrid

![Simple ImageGrid
2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple ImageGrid 2

![Axis
Direction](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axis Direction

![axis_direction
demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAolBMVEVHcEze3t6lpaX8/PyUlJT+/v76+vr////29vbAwMCoqKi6urqKioqXl5fo6Oji4uKOjo7v7+9dXV3s7Oy+vr6RkZHS0tLDw8NycnK2tratra3FxcWamppDQ0Pk5OTz8/OGhoaysrLJycmBgYGdnZ3Ozs7Z2dng4OB8fHzW1takpKTc3Nx3d3dubm5iYmKgoKBoaGhUVFSioqI3NzdLS0shISGGiobVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAGc5JREFUeNrsnOuCorgSgFeBBCEgyE2QlnAV22vTPe//agteUYMCZs+Z3Un9cKaxKchHpapSKfqvv5gwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMmTJgwYcKECRMm/zmBTN4SBpABZAAZQAaQyTsAOYsniRbzDWLl5QfekE/j9xrxMMZN6lClLl83fGlZjbdAlrw8QduQb0LZYJpjxcsDQBGJJLEVsUHcovxQfZv4ZfC9JJ8UNqlLzPJjxY+JX+72OumwgZu02SgQRV2Syd9+hTTH6ppHgDzRNo2oyWoH4uEfgfil8DEmHs+yJnWZ8GSGSFNAOgxGTSeoxrMJN5GrT47SWEejC0BvXh0QbZi+6xO4jwUUkvKyoubO33cxFcCFSs1jHQHaFRVJhcHyPW01gFosqbwX/YQ/UqaZc953leANgNhOZPdrvV9QAYg2jiWrPL+gA1D2Ff2TH1nIc75mVAAqEOJRsk0TCYm5jjMcotCS5L4AxyXAvbY3+dDjqAD0XJShMLc1OgCxibydbFmOJmuACsCYg3EF0A8xyA28wqEUeabXE+C3DYV4H0Y2bw4pANzqMPQqgDEVgEMIrYUm7Uyen/suogKQKw1Z5sspLImFI3sZMhfRIs3snlq/c06Ql4o3H+n8oPVZxoAM2/sp4FwZWbK9pzKFv0RoGrKxW/uO7sx3DhULRANIT7gPuc9jtROyz5U2pweZhTTubusfLsN5aEVBWy2I0ATYPfYCKTFUrsEH9nIDaqiTLdA83aUAf1+AXWeaACPfvfVvnCk+zwNfPBBD99QnaQwt+T0AZhpvI4gXdaKrbfoGQNHK3ZsDgQ3+PQCFrgDT5SZSfHy1GKHg81Tk+gJcLBdlMlG/CVXThv9dgBwcO/nCqS/0zA2E0VDoB9Dm8yVeeVdQS1dUVeX0wxddgCZ9gPb+V5cgslIW5bpWE2+ZzsyxGFdRQJQ+1h0B6kaMovhq0Fy4WUHz06ksepz/GlEcq/xB3QLnSa60jcJzh+M8LSm4wLzPYBYTHyfliCMc43WneKmqEARWBOpPZBmL/Kb0qYEUWz8mtbEurTV2jgC1UfC+Pl2EgaeVSduHm7Xz9MjjUk0iphvSoLS7lVXo0JuO2pcSxBCZgBsmtwYNp9NSHScjR4DbJIVUxqomyhjOjhYItu77Sy6YFTMkl3qE71hvZSvInYh6g7WWFqQXh3WM93WPoykWxTZ0fX4H4P3lRc8o7UXzKj2TLYXlDFwlIUprQcSiYdHZ9jM4FxNa5Wpbj2+e7EDem6eVSLuHC6x0KupJw/pT1WKVYhSebV1AOQqXFl3e4WDRIQ8MLb7RtlLkjrxOURjkynbZ4C5FT4usgBrAlfUZUE5jxKNFm1a+ag9QmDX94lhJVCgcC9Wt0xi+cBvc2wiZHFzolAAaBX9YRgelUloAI1RaNBcOxpxk91jK3UkgadltPbDdwLB1DoWqE9SDpRTQW8oBF0WHtRKMJgYlgAN+px/dTGkGZib0Azg/TedjsOwBEILzL+pIC2uuZUFxLZyi8HCVQNHwSqQCUC+sc2GIN4OtYvQCOA7zo0O0j8GyD8CrP45xntZdCy2AC2V33rFStNKJO87bAE8WfTLFH8mAvaZwkPtWXJ6m+v78oZzVvZhgJnJyCJbIBfSqMbpkXfegRNlRVWS+A5ADB4uu2YttcrAfQBG5a7kKljahHtgdoI6U8kmu+EKnVM4CAuRM5Nw8pK0fy29ZICiyKlhSqAdWxuur0EEmIeXrVQ88uBZ+Ra0eaLvLe9cC/AC85wODfJ1RqQeekqv4k7yo6wUQhDF5q7wfwMVEeTAVEbyVBwommpGXCL0AGju/IA+tF8BUKzSOGsDStSxp1wPLYFkmV7YtUAEIqmDJOQIlgIvKtaQGJYCCc1jiQzujB/AULE0+N2gAjB6DZTeAQL3Jw60nDRudAWbaIQ9f7WJt1QhQ6WjR6BgsXZxbF88qCheA407qymD5rB2oDcBocnGfZbB8WjKddKsHHopWldrYjHHUCDDuMktOFl0JXsaXHWXvrF74blFxEy1vd3gK+qf1fINW2hsvtY34U63lMQ9/AFh0X+JXg/r04xQ0AQSTqdHaoq1aBdSJT4VEkBrpJYX7brHvwGnWXq6KVuhVd4/3tX/ZQuXlP4fHN/f9V8XX7UfRy7UAs5bhX7ooLlN43rIibexumzXO01ayrt6Q+8he1/SD/Eu9z8MbLHCtvqxIr5aDASTn4Q8W6I5bbhEMrKKpMHzpougURMTwcWV5DHreHM0dBXbxgWChH4tWL6V1FK65FvhuELHToGhyLfUuim5RGG+IwTJIhlqKV7hjFBaHVqvuxpYAMyy1mkXtAOpb1NCyettF0QVgGSzJ9sJxXuy5OO0EkDO1uF1vYyuARqKgdnuBrQCmWpNrueuiaA9QH1plHmk8PmSjxAAiq2MeuNQkUQwFSgAPrmVg0gI4P7gWQER410XRFuA5WMY3u09l5ie6aLeCkWJ0Aqj6Svu9dxJAkOpt8/DOAM/1cJRoj/H6vouiJcAUHZMrUOS1nl011sBgx5drEq7NSsQwrivLLq2bJIBl0L88gQW/MzqoewGwKlodJ4a7ye9/9bGLohXAa7AU483kenY4wyEcRe2WcmCX4yO2Watg+RwgGs/4c9HK6tYo+RzgcYl/CBbKtu7yG7ooWgAsLfoSLIWZEV0BynuNb12N8QroVfsUK2uodxowEWCEV3HdtVACWK+HCwF3s3Aid1G8BMiNkNnk6tWpvWsPMFFwUOXhnSs1xCByDPrNwbIPwGeupamL4ilA0amC5ZPkaoTJrdWk5iJgzo5FK9gdIPcsWHYGaJLHKjzNw5u6KM4lfTwgzCvBx36PN42M1bdDPG3ZJVheRjbgNxkpSADP6vGWkb742o1JnKxceupaiF0U3Hh4KiZMh6TivNqrjykqflkyado7fg9tqrTe7kiLAoD7vP6VSd9r4rRfvHgaxC4KMcxf1AP7dbJ/NAyt6PXGmzdtyK367U9uG/PtLOo+QWbPg8gcW3r3W2xMpLle22uNK5F+m3VNQQT4WJE6a3sRhT9HMi/QA9hP+m5rdgRYOhg3oQ0w0mCu/yEAlxgjnTZAQUEW+EMAwnmfV79eJdLCSoR/CsBe8pu86sUAMoAMIAP4fwWo0AWo0gUoUAVo/hMA40KlCVCZ0QS432UU1W1jlz5AsFlSfMrC96dIE+DE4WhaYI+lwf98Cs//uCnMgggDyAAygAwgA0gZICdSBQgATYBCQBVgz7E+pjFyLUua1//Wknt/hexcP6vnVYc2ztpKpN4/FNX2hoT7P+MEnPNIamDUarC1PZGollFz9caVhx2fy35Y/ebs9DaNaT/WSyZaOwNUrzOf90TWo5N4e3N0keHaufzfwfj6QyXuxDv+x9ziy0F5L5cHvqXzSf60pkHTaj9M/Vt1+VlJOLl848R89bGVz9q3Ye36m9rZu82NspG5T04q1tPrgDblfTkfyOk6Vsc6q6+N1VFypxzT8c+ewOhy5dth1bWYd/c4cv5m79ybk+WVAD4KJJGbRAhI5IFwFQRLtc/5/l/tAGrVFhCUvvOeM3Wm/3ih7I9NsrvZ7H7/5PRzw3jictbNla/fqv42sbF49LI63/n6f168ua+yGvi3DPLLr1+AvwB/Af4C/AX4+/oF+AvwfxggaK/DD7oK9J8+AWjsz565HOD+kZt78nLCaU+kvbUEWytd/SveeV4JD3L7p39bO04oadp1uXCv8Mp6Rdp/VrS3w3jvbIfxplV3eGjvb6EcCmU6WZU06KveNus8GCrVXj4wOsJWHYcNjc7diGOdHors9t2ejupt3RXnkvq2hTgeFY15UtabEqDo+23iznwlzD0KZzXn1/FdVMPt3GvSnwhncZ0Z9Rg9Dmc1ZxhuRX5S1pt4YJTUB5mwDXzUnDwS4LObYU03B626O5yK8TTNCGKzuacptjcbgIKJKvGcGVSlaZoRVADlgsSMt/7Sv6IViknKIqa+AJBJ5OgfignKRdYA2Z6GZV6weBqAR5m5WkhJyBvTtcOQM/HginMeMhB6MnWMyLafBViNVbYiayuSJsgCqAH6howJ1VQ2AcBq1mImOdKY5zNeenFH/AJwjWA4J4WvGaGaJprE7BfaYQgfFhTCom6HYSmv5yiIqyW0y+qepLU9QQLAqhptZKbZvMjzriKF+hQAwUGCJrUQtQQjNiVdzPRcnbnbZwEWHDRVauAM0deTFOghgp6fUdMs6ARZGasDhqZnerQoMy/DRj0rAO9VDSRT5otwf+Ipk1nE9fkhLCdJWVqdTu5yfnTVPeuIXgQ48bbmEk4K8Me3NbHK/bsAbv/NAFvWNbBrq0r0C7DtBT52MPk6xQQKUsP791CGXga4FVXgL/7PTipxB7tk5It9ocoREe8FdaPtqwARs2VHzJ/wR/7VQ/i9KL+f6fJXX8vQoWHL6vcSoNnn5n9ltbKVNt6Q88T/TJhgycXvxYQAgfFBNJl48Z1emFGpkLshHIThkEkx339J7QD079mpxhYOkzDNwtEr6syYMskcGfyUGar64mC5iZnzd3hyWTbLu8ekmWo44Dy3VXdVa06sNyf7Pfru0nNYZ3lEsZa5/G2bhyAeJsofpzVSkjyXK07387aHCJ5srPLGAlsuw/DuzcyEdyMtiUODt4YPYfDeoMmoBkEhnvQHcRx3k0+Fl5BqbBAC4aNl3AsA+T54xtwSDy2VAjigMgSeUc3V2qMS5Mz74CSHwM3NqZqdDivOchNM8BSm5nOIY4eDKLFLp47S8rwS+WY9ny6omsJSkQeUa/qWZK4HNFKaBs2KMze2I6e0r0nmYGbsHJ6QsL45Go/1ZVcGRDbE5HBeJbDpNze3ry5XSknz6NU1nw3rQnmzCseOybIwquz0OCJza4tBHaUFeBmIRLE8hGfyJk3dAc73vRmj2rzix2oTwRSQnkgR2SXjAN4QF7IjKY1cb+K1nKfGPs/boxg2nohU2Fk90PBCITRwT7JWIlo7EtV1KumKlGMBLlNIMtPEvibmZ+X9jNK61ZsqtPl8Lr+j4QCrYZ84vPFVPmSWZAH6uzK3AazkNLQy+6rAukGiHKJ8DMD0VO9yfm2AfJGVy0XN9qBugrEAoR8yzEnaopUQCEjlhFvafkBI8xMgCnknaV1BMCUOHauBs7120+6xfsgXITOldIIxAD3cVMZvD3ogaXhxqitAZOMZzrS022op9xu4HGJeXgACmn7iFuxbH77SPUw0dxzAJX+KGZ1ye4NQVEn5GYbK1j43AmAtetgdnUUFy8YC9KgLKa/nnUMfKNudM8iqPgN0tTu3XY0/yxypdY8omMjWGIDGuRureRoETCWpclMGXPA1dQRAT5mjeSekTHQJFcYOYY/UacKdEzKn14XX3MEAY3Y3K8VhJNufxnEjK4pEYShA7ngydN2jUQT1nl8InVV5qSTVKGLCzMEAl3XwpdtbwwgK9M4WM+OHTep1ecAsMmP5QICWhqE3u87E1EfxeScXWBdJfQcMAwiUE3yT7aFbqOpO3VUWVVTXA+cg4NNGl7EWDASYsAH+1eZaxMMDsf0IIB426tUBBGuAC75uNhKhJQ1O/xnxxWWXbxfJl/rnksINAQj42u0QAsObVVPMfO9uMAh0aFb3oou6f3TloG6MgMhmEMCEDTJ8zAvBLGRdEddPQxrJA2dNtcKATNwPUI2baikIB6l99l6WbBWeF+LIh87FD5PKAQA5xziNUUc0ncy428HwDI/pdK0otRKiIXWkDZUNNBzjuoM9F2yizUYTHsyBg60AOJORG6nqvLviOvd3I59lDJfuuVanGBwX/Glt3obsqsfiw77fYnH+jklgmCjfq9D5Ie/7pxULP97LXvlkcHzEiqrlfheKGgi9XoDgMGIHcxNBL0mlsvPIlPBn737KxnK9eTazlOjW6QE4LLox5x4WsaOHc7CNY3Z7X3RVpeHqJOFMezSrvh1GFHAVJYhUJvNh+WAIh2O8/DKASqB2ZwkIH1f7BWe+VegXw7eZDPepy27MYZ09sI3EtxNusNWjDgMXGJ/9wKVHqrAaszkPKrMDVNMbFh6YMaMq+yHNM0N2DP3uOfD63XThF/dTu8uuFbgTv3JvSpr0D+Hzs3BmQ2woEvTXf1hZY2RdKgJwbOGhHbgeE0PW12WF/D1Wki4NvIZsQF1jN+pYud1tk9tzW1q5DeDqNOY4t1dV1bMPun3rr/+wkkdEg7j4Le4ts3eZA9/HEIxjDWO2ybuaLAh/3q/Kqeac/ya3irRlYbMYJ/39KehqiAMOE4oktquEfVDj4201YrghKSHcoHjguKOoGwr9pC8eeKMrauFg9/tNAKmkO3SqoMG7/UMYDduXoUStV6St8sCMGbfLI8ZDXbkxc6uGehT7Ph7ostZHmPuKE85OXYoCOjge2BcIZ4lUN0eE/WXmxx64dpUfAHht//MYYFvqa/P2US7ZEZxWJTABwMpzcJy0mn77n8foE+uK+gMAZ9FwgJ0eu/O5Hs6zKQBWXtJe5ytHqXfaGg1wIf0AQEDQywD9q1Fn0kkA5nyCcfXlaDklQFX5AYDwmL8M8Nah7St1OyIz4bw7Ii2mBMgR7wcA9un1E7kxCp4E4EUTj1MChPP8BwDm8+cAuupyO1KhxwPEyqQAJesHAOrKcwBLUQ7vDCtPhzmGdjAlQMCDKQHWMzRQ24+5PA0QEKHTvO0DKK2odFsvXGdhIAZwI70GMPfyxtg4H4rh8ZQAZ7tKXGa3njh4vvydAvzOSF5PcpFAC/42nLmgM15HMO45DtFVS//2qqRSbLduqHLyj6I+gKPL3+kRnGmI4baLXurGpItxGWnYSJFuxq3hkcT4EOOhWSs1wHqUMKtDZmyxd+lRJoNQruJoU+n+LG66VUV006G1rvVHHtlzIPG1GmDYNg4D8jxAYLLrPttggMHiHno1hOPXAULkFHWivVASp9bEaQHWKVfVEO4F+MQQhpR6wX/bu9LuVHkgfEC2G3aBomhZZG1RUNv//9suQZZIuRDUfnnfPOe0RyBi8pCZTIaZxFoqwhEzsNG8WqAP4lMi3GnfMNWZ6oHsXyrCSjnYwHhEhBcPIoLFe5FkuQsHEU8b97z8MZ8bRMSD0kyHfacqzXivHEQS8AtmjBI9ZMbo5nV0nhrETxHIWXebTwvM6pUEHoJfIBCZvXK2sk3xCFyljRds2MDIfYpAyrpZfquk7nrG/qWGdHD4BQK3/XsOQ5IdX8ci0GijFhPoI6I6vcIywlMEqs2rJO8az/omlhM45Zt4mEBkuy+OuYh3r2MnCDw128qxcRjwH1I7uir7p7wxgtt0bM5YzXWZ5QRyI1uqdFL3KIF3LjchYGJMHbiy22B4LmED33Rv74vs7VMEtvsDqn5YbyfGGK8kkBoJnuik7lECY3Rg4h7yxqTJTvrINBPqw736FIEfZ7qmzAl0uCDipANvOYFj/bmTukcJLPNV3I57XCTqDxDoMmFVBxvkAadb7FMEVjJQaz0lC4LPSj+bryRw3B3YSt2DBMIWi201VUYTHvIHekKoHtXEZqdbjOuNERg5B7THc5r3SgLfPkcV49CZsFqUwRHYvE613xCZcijCLuZkyayTTGdaDMPbsG4W+JkzVC9jM5FlMzl5rDd0Ute+WN8wC1IFYlvjFN+Xmq+ku4EVzL6Hi3LLzemVKUChYaVFGMKbq7GVyE03pTgF+FUTxN3ojKGTurYHZktSLYzzln/T+Fu0Gq/+sIHZr0XTTeFsTod2FJgZDMYKvm3dbabzJ9byAmFj48uoid9J3UPBRWkl8HopgduXHPBzKrfItUOLeMFFsyrV96peoUtJOR1ctOjp2g70ILE8e9/DOqnrYmMWLDrBSS4nZwdbvGmu+DjcQ5f9spYo6TlPkHPBC54FtSbYz8XRrIsFGXaKBJ9J5OfsFs1Q6KWuI5DB79dXk/8IaN/vjeN42AMX6EDDn3t2YB3irEriyXBwEOm5csUGP5iUa3wUSSzYWeJ11eilrhNh8RP3pjCqmWMVT/p3iO97riXYVZztXuB4wNmfst469m02QLUS4St2omzUirsr7Pdx5rcdr5e63g6kMZ/LrvZ7pMrBnnBnubqPZwpyGEm5YMObezwBofx5VbQWOQ0zIBx0nOy00A6Nq53EA6nrCWRLLAbtOqaDC6eGCWhIuz5OOCknY1i10JDe4iSU8AnOcmmVIe3hMQgQdaCoiaYfDXO4Bgc6E6FrXye6ibKgDG3v4OZ3CmodMKaMoc1bz0SaGGo0xRp9rVX/jK7N9T+hnYmIdZ4ciya+usPKHaQZY4wVmpmIYIn8XFu5yBlMdLLdvR8TptzevdY0YYAFulW7ilooQOGFa3PPOrHP7hIx0SGz2w6j0qtVLe72rECHlpLj7zSl0Zq3aN5qDk/e3om8aVWX3qLbYaCjtxnzbBAhfHy0jwbdntY+dGYMoLnpthqoclk57eqFSAU8aArumhUsj3QFkF1KuQB0B+vUH4BwA4qT0xxUf/tLdDv4XJ+6UlFxrU58MXWZ9RH4d3cIkYOTL39byG+dw/YW312xqlD173gu4WftWy7XZf+F8tx/ppkCbNbI3a5rq73F+tqdLeTqxHsGyznnAjATbS0vodMfZ+1FpK0gPILqn31bxdfNIVI1p9S8B5UiB2kKryMXVar5pCLF6hIp1RYY3gE5oCh19GJ/3+akqjSVo3Lk0o+apujFfLxyVFc5eH6yrXeV6y8ip+uTlEDWkX4ahEBCICGQEPi/JpCAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgOA/h7+GV+84Yi56CQAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

axis_direction demo

![Axis line
styles](data:image/png;base64,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)

Axis line styles

![Curvilinear grid
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Curvilinear grid demo

![Demo CurveLinear
Grid2](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo CurveLinear Grid2

![:mod:`mpl_toolkits.axisartist.floating_axes`
features](data:image/png;base64,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)

mpl_toolkits.axisartist.floating_axes features

![floating_axis
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

floating_axis demo

![Parasite Axes
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parasite Axes demo

![Ticklabel
alignment](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ticklabel alignment

![Ticklabel
direction](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ticklabel direction

![Simple Axis
Direction01](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axis Direction01

![Simple Axis
Direction03](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axis Direction03

![Simple Axis
Pad](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axis Pad

![Custom spines with
axisartist](data:image/png;base64,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)

Custom spines with axisartist

![Simple
Axisline](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axisline

![Simple
Axisline3](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Axisline3

![Anatomy of a
figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Anatomy of a figure

![Firefox](data:image/png;base64,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)

Firefox

![Shaded & power normalized
rendering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Shaded & power normalized rendering

![XKCD](data:image/png;base64,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)

XKCD

![The double pendulum
problem](https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/_images/sphx_glr_double_pendulum_thumb.gif)

The double pendulum problem

![Frame
grabbing](data:image/png;base64,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)

Frame grabbing

![Rain
simulation](https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/_images/sphx_glr_rain_thumb.gif)

Rain simulation

![Animated 3D random
walk](data:image/gif;base64,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)

Animated 3D random walk

![MATPLOTLIB
**UNCHAINED**](https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/_images/sphx_glr_unchained_thumb.gif)

MATPLOTLIB UNCHAINED

![Close
Event](data:image/png;base64,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)

Close Event

![Interactive
functions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Interactive functions

![Hyperlinks](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hyperlinks

![Matplotlib
logo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Matplotlib logo

![Multipage
PDF](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multipage PDF

![SVG Filter
Line](data:image/png;base64,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)

SVG Filter Line

![SVG Filter
Pie](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEwdeLYnnycpoCkfd7TWJyj/fgr/fw7///8soCwscarJLTLYJiYroCv/fwz/egUlnSUXcrEfeLb/fAf/gQ708/MsoSwadbPaJCj+///9/v4mpCx5jHnVICEdcavdIij49/dGnkbm5+b8/Pvv7+58jnz//v7d3t1Nl00ooiwxoDHO0dH8fAqmsaY3oTfAxMD7jzHY29mWo5Z7k3s9oj3/+/rq6+r7gRX/hBaPnY/4+/timWKDk4P+9e39mkOWlpbaJykqnyrkcw+1iWHzgh7V19TdhjqQkJDVJCX9+PYRQ2bk4eC5ubmMjIyHh4dnkWe3wLeImIhPnk9vl2/4fA7+7+IfdB/717f5zqehhm/7rGfu5+eZh3abm5v/o1I5ljAlcadyj3KTWi9wqM8znTCeq57weA7KJCYbYxtvFBR5FRaYTAfBilmmlokXWYioh2mrq6v/5tBWkVbibG1fkF9ljamrzOJJjS/77ejRxr/JvbQjgiPqgyioHh+34LjAIyTRiEb638eIQwe2WwkbaZ8ZY5ZHrEe9vb0+eaP/iSE/lz+PvNrQLSs9ir7/yJcofbhWmVYplyletl7v+/GvoJT5uICjo6O0tLR0dHRgn8ouoC6st6zd493JzcnDy8QrnCvj9uWaiXrGYgoQPVz2wZH2olh8fHxPf6P6hyHwsLD/tXPv9frHNCxdnF2yQizvijEtpS3az8mWGhsnjyeJGBlsvWyXzpek2KXZbAuejn+bhnJoaGj55tkvdKStu8X1z8/dUFHqmZlVl8ZwcjB+aTC8PC1XhC+mTC7n8PdjezA5kjnUeirIhUoZXRl4wXmrVAni2dXAs6q8xs2MpbW/2OrL4O7U4NTh5+G4lHSnSiV2jHaaUB0YWBgTS3GjUQjX8NiEyYXG6MfzwMDbPT7X5/LYNTbohISQr5DfsorhqXdujW4XUxe4qp8UT3h8mq+cr7xvq2zAo4qIvYl0k5EWUxagsr6AnbDbw63Kp4gWUBZRDg8USxQTRRO+MjRjdTopni0fr8bVAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADidJREFUeNrs3HlUFPcdAHCVZfc3LXvAsos7IK7LsoigsAoIK9dikEPAiyu0UE9Oi5AYoyIxcqjEiEcUCRWxqNhi06dg1MS0SdO0sY1G02rNy/NoTdNna+3xXnqfM7uAsAc7szOzmd/w+8Lb4eE/vs/7/uZ7zDwmTaIZQOAxietAgAgQASJABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQASIABEgAkSACBABIkAEiAARIAJEgAgQASJABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQATIa0D9LpCjUgGgMgGtCgHSD11fRF9dXkdEbl9UXg6OAOkDduZ0dmoz8nQpu1LqTAiQPmApKE1JSdlVejmqrk+FAGlHiB7oTUatqrRTZ9Sje6Dboe3WOfy9ITYpKamACOISiwBphCGpvqi9vyw5Obotnoy2tujkspL+9qL6JAMCdBFJ9e39yW3+SrlcrlSKxWIZEcRFbvlFfFtyf3F9FgJ0ErH17SXREqVcKZZJHIZMTPxjfHRJcQECtD+39YeT4+VyZ3ajFAnEtrL2AgQ4Ograk/3lSpd4ozIxvqw4CQEOJd+OkjbqesOIcmX04XoECEBWUZlELpbQDxmZhjsmOmBscbKSbvKNTkNJWdFEBjQUMeGzhFxWVj9hAXeUiZUSpiGTx/cXTEjApP75cpmEhZDJ29pjJxygpjiaHT4yxEoWzzEcgJtLIpUS9oI4xyezJhCgpojF9BtKQnlJ7IQBDDnMavoN5WD7hMnAzafYTj+ynTkVMkEA8R3Rctb5JMrozROkiGiKn1Ky7yeTFIGQTWuuCB5Qg5/MF7PvJ5Ef1oDvr/Tde0vogKaHkZz4JWcB4+4AUcC+TcIGNP02UsaBn/hbbwH9cwEikSggYA8uYECO/GSRxcDw82CRJXzXmAQLyJGfJLJEA362crJoSPDVMwIFxB/mc+KnjE4Ci3cHiIbD990rQgTUaB6Wc+Innr8DaJ/zFYlGCZ4RIuDfyrmov8QN8CQAfwwWiVgT5Ceg4dw2TvwsI1zE9yaLxgoyuQ/yE1C3iMr84U+E5SKxXCmOcHGnA0Q24bsGFxagdn0khWp6vSbtek25f35NTXlNc9olKoaRxAj3h2CRXfjuERQg/ndKBSStpule73X/3uvN95pq7vVSHuEm2wOKAjYJCXBLGqUCXF7T1HzpXnxzb29zWnNTTa/LFIwcGuEcAe67JRxA3YuUCkh+c831pqZLzZeamtLKm3ubXJ7hJyOcg/Dde0UogCEfU+ugI9PS/MuJbwlxzc+XpNEa4Rzk4Ku4QAC3plHtoP0t30Ml2OUBlpfgo0Y4B4J7hAEYd5WbDlBsM8LZx75fCwEQ/7OnRjj72+C7JvgBDekfcDSC2I9w4x3ikMXpIVACaj/mZgfjcISz72VGDnFcZ86uY2FH9Pqcbv0uI0SAWz7gaIflcISzH+lGAC/XXY7KO5KSktPZkQcRoGohR0toJyOcXdwc7kXzVHn6PF1erq4vrC4XhwZwKzcJ6HyEc1ZH9DngCB6Vmx6RezmiNAeaDFQt5OQOKHc+wtkJ2szEYRlHICoiGm7ugOQIpxq/g3kSe21amRCYqrCJkxLsYoRzkYIwtTGac1c5OcCWEU5ENfaa4AU8tE3GRQeTBG5TuwFam8GbsAIa4hZ+MSOc7QMSHNYM5KSHsT6Fm0wdUOR3C1JATkoIpRHO5gyvgRTwxoZF82ViGcsdTAGVEW4s4N4zcAKee+OrG9YveopNQ+ojnPsPmHh0D9Te+Ojr7BpSHuFsygikgAbcFLuYMHyaLUNHT+H8yBi6kD84XE1fgRNQf2HnL3/1SuzirVZDCVND6wg3xs8v+ERra3atyK8lu7Ylu6U12I/xNMKjPnD2T6copuz88IVXDF8hDRdaDGUsj3CPa2tP1Pr5ZbdmPz5x926L3/hrQagAtfPWmjHMbDUEhOE3n174IgNDywhn28H41dYSWdiyLzuYyL+72dkOU5BWHeYPYNhGNUaGlMjDmNdJwy2HSMNt7hmST+F0tiMcgXei9XF2S21tdrZfa+3dE44BRTdhBFw60wsbDi+FgjA8DvSE4ZtuGcocj3ABrS3BrcGiYL+WYD/i4vgeSOtdI94A4nNfegJoNZzz+sXjQDVkOF9Mp6jI5Cc14C8OOkBr8SW+hj4YNzK8AVTNWyvFxoaUMDx48bhGde7QG29uuErH0I0Rzs2bIG8Ah2+Bzgx/T8fQnRFuTNyCDzDqGS/MYZgVilkHL9zHtdQNLSPcX4Pd96PRCfIGcPZMJ4DWPLQYZt0gDde7XDq4N8K5V0X4AognvGTGxgmiuenaeeG+KfbGRy6XDuRTuLDdDA4wnSrCF0DVvDnjAhLRNUWBEcMeaTju0oHWUzhnVcQEG6Bu1Swp5jKIPJRaDMdZOtB7CufsLZkrsAGmL+miAGg1NJNLB4OzpYPDEY5uUH9XkC+A3Rup+Q0Pe06XDuRTOB2TDobmszmeAOJLn/HC6IR5jOGTpQPtp3BM+xi+ZOBsmoBEHnqNWjqMDMzWEW4yY8A9sAGum0kXcKhBHLt0kJ+KJUY4pgcYRsC5bgHaLx0KgP40cz8aO1XoAa3DHjkwA9W5Q0ZmIxy8gHjCDPcBhwfmi/c1gBzhWAjYAA2mZcwARwbmY6e/xEashC0DtcwBrYb/++9/vsxCVDwLHeBMFgBJw8Dnvzvdh3FMgw3QlMASIIaFr12dOtWbYUAHiLMHiIWH/+Q705kC/ga6NmY/a4AYFvj8+9N9mAH+YEIDqsO73vOeOrEA121kEZAgDPzxj5gc42nfhm6ZsESKsRqBX1s91f1jPO0BbIBLl8xiWTA8/Icvu5+Eb0O3UP3dHJYBiWNMtITu8WV+thk2QOMnMWaM7XDWEqYSX94+1g/HJ/idWNgAdaEzvFgHJOYS+5awsSpzoKox1ed8VeNA9fbGVGZ9NH8eayYu5wDQYUtYtZ34Sq2o3l59vvr8QIUPoz6aN4AhCQvMXACqA7vee3nMMU4l5CqqvImPau/G6urzqYy6GB692rEE4yakY1vC1MZ/DhCnt3E78ZE6sL1qIJVREeYNoOHYKtbL8OiWcCQJUysqKrwrfDK9iQ/vzNQKh0X40yT4MvBo0AwvjgAtLeGIoM9w8fVhYRfDpxcsE/dzBki3JaQ+CfPqFd8lGIcRuHY1jfXCAwgBwdJVc8wcCjpqCZ3NIZ9uhhEwjMObIL0tIZ1bII+OsHbZAjOngPYtoYtdlhaHKgPB7FWzpBjHhFS2hCObhI4wkB4Bwrrj4rpVMABGcH2GbVtCVye4NMyYm5KTW5qb16GHAVCVyPEZprglHJnjSo1RR6JyO4wZEbnHYAAkzvAcKeeCLlvCJzW4Lq80I0PX0ZeRk5EOBaAxaDnnZ9h1SzhqE4OTVSQnLx2Wv96mTViBeSLCx28JbRYJWi0sVZjopT1QRoZqyfvOnjhNe9ZA57/ML0C9J8qINQmdtoQ0VoH8AwTfCIrxkKCzlnDaO1kwA+pCF3jmDDttCekmIN/+CO26TzyVgjZbQncTkG+At0MXeAyQXC/YtoS0E5B3f8l8dlCMJwVtWkL6Ccg7QF3oCsz1OKJWq7Ee8kL+pGavJcx8AGAHJAqx63FEjT1qeFQ5qDZX3hmsrBxsOMusJRzZEtLtAXkJqEp0vdVSF35e+Pm1wbMNlQ3XKq9VFvYwSUI1NtwSZn72FoAfEHQHveYiBdUH/vXvO2cLKwnAwcqewjvXCs+y0hLSeZbEY0B8ruvXZHoKCwvvNBQOXnvU0FPY8A9GZ5gUtLSEblQQXgKCuNAVrg4xcWQPHFD3YD0H1JhZfYCNlpCoJW8DYQCCKJeHGLNWYMxagdXM+xlyS+jOAeYnYMjc0OVemIdD8acswQACfeK8GA8LesXcBsIBBMagFbOknvQzYy8AIQHiUUGenIkxqeICEBQgCFkXut+Dh1jxYYjAAIEqwYOFRHFQBYQGCPTL5nnoAQmmWB4HhAeI6xI9JDhlxlEgQEAAjoZ6pJmZMuMXQJiAwBjqgRxUMPPjNSBI516QqR+/AcHRxNDlZimn9eMoEDIg0C0L3c+doFTx2m0gbECNPiFoQRdHQ8n/27Wf1cShKAzgMHdzZpFlBgxZJFETiSTBWISgIFnILNI0UddFhLofgu8guLIbLbV12V2foG/gCwzMCwhdzSP0BmbR+T9jk6LN9y2yye7Hd8+5gbDLry1644D8Rj2Rh3Yug5CNdgq9fUCSYpmvEiH74zuPiYoAyJdxp3pvsqyP732PigJILVceZlpC4d12V6HiAJLkVJsZlpBdLjakFwmQSlpaQiETQuZvdy3KKkcCyEt425GHJ/6LbzQC2w43OhUPkEriuiq3T9iLCBkbTWORqIiA6XeJJXNCf+91wvxRYlWICgtI+ucJb6H6fh9CPkC304lGVGTA9BfMNZ+FA/s/aygwdjGP1hrpRQMUjR87I1UcTx63VZP96zjkeuY86Tsi5ZBDB1x2uyvjVGnNepVZ8G2bSOWG1eGGA1v4K6Lgsw8X86RpNcpUKiRggx7OPi0/rq6WYfC8mXWrL4+jhWpf+1xR+OlAC5yOpXi1adPq5VK+4wCsBw+hFobaXXB+/v0r5SZ2eREf2wPVNk1exucRrk17XkuiphsbCuWYAwfUZ2E3WIWGc3ZV7zq/GJE3G8vrVL88RtF0UeNRVZU/k2QajZue5Rgi5Zwj2cK9cPZ7ZFFr3Mbriet6Xr/f9zx3YsWbniZK9Ao5EkDpT79elNLtoPNIZUVRyvSqObp74KEFgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQjAvQGfAMEXD2VrWddYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

SVG Filter Pie

![transforms.offset_copy](data:image/png;base64,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)

transforms.offset_copy

![Zorder
Demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

Zorder Demo

![Plot 2D data on 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz09PT7+vv39/j19fX5+fnz8/P////4+Pjy8vL39vbx8fH+//7q6urV1dXv7+/w8PDi4uLh4eHU1NTm5ubp6enT09PW1tb+/f7Y2NjX19fZ2dn8/PzS0tLa2trt7e3u7u7c3Nzb29vs7OzQ0NDR0dHf39/d3d3n5+fj4+Pl5eXr6+vOzs6FhYWNjY2JiYj6+ffKysr4+/t6enp0dHTHx8f++vj5///JycmdnZ1wcHC5ubmVlZWampq8vL1+fn75+fn9+/39/fmCgoKysrPFxcV3d3dGjsDCwsK2trbMzMy/v7/7+vj//f9Qk8OqqqqRkZGnp6f3+Pb5+Pb8+/rp6fj//PltbW2tra2jo6OgoKBfnMelxtze5+6Zv9lXmMWVx5b41tb6QkN0dPv9Li719PHs8PNyqM3G38b///pkZGRfrl/9UVHFxfnB1+X56uokkSQIggjy9/rQ0PnU4eqxzN9qosgLCw/4uLgxMTClpaWxsbGFhftsbPvf3/eAuoQ1Nf2LttTx8fh9r9D54eHx8/RRUVHo8fdKSkq9271ttG0DAwXm7fBCQkT7m5uk0KTu8+74xMT/AADQ5dF8fPuNw4yatcb68fH+ISG50+Svr6/8Y2NKokoVFRk5mzloaGjL3OhAir7+FxeQkPt0uHRTVPwkJP5Tp1MiIyT19PdLjbo6OjnM4sz7c3Pq5+RhY/jk39xdXV37jIyCqMH09vStrfm3t/fMz9gvly/5hITy9fKw07BVVVXw9PD6qqpqampaWlqpvcvX59c+hreWl/b06+v6fHzrUlQXF/4FBf6cnPrzoqJISP1gJydWV1eJi+rgxcPk7+XqbGy7wdX+CQnU293q8epZWVmkpPkjKOLb6tvgr6/HnJyiouBnSccdHGAvcKqiovurYElmjmTQh4ewsN+9ztqdndOnpvGuvq5AICBmjrXbKEjPV2YwZNEbG7xgiZIkS48khXlRUwCmLQMOUQ5nh+HY18agoOxxU1aDbW2WRkapkuSMN6icMpGRkeBM6jl0AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrs29tvG1kZAPDO9cx48HjssefqGY89nvGM7cQkTlDiJLXSxMFxV6pXKmqTJ6BCgpZyWV5Qu2IlQMvlYVeqQItKxWphpRViX4pA6sMWKh6RyisP8AS87J8AvHBmfBs7TpttkzTF51PlxtOJ5Pz6nfN95xvl3LlhABRHjXNTA7kgQASIABEgCgSIABEgAkSBABEgAkSAKBAgAkSACBAFAkSACBABokCACBABIkAUCBABIkAE+GJDef6YZcCsdwyR5mYXkK1kjxYKmPwiDKDAF9zPziwgJxzxRkrqfyG40csFMnj1cAQ4vi9aOK7A3KKEIMWABXc5XFdwLtjtVlsMAExoCv9sX515wMUfROO1MMmazVa33Lp068rGPFhd2Jubp0Fi3ry+NY8DYgffvbW3FijPl4urlfqsA37pa+99dhTvfS+4uN0FSt2/uN+9Cppivfhm9y8isHecRrZRAd4SyF5/NwTb3esu4A1q1jMw+1o0FoOL52sMs1Xd31hvg7X7q8nrGh8DlaXiFljyAL2kxK//0Qpuo99tZCs7CtoDDwTRra84O/Xdu1XAPdLApXqXBsJ6YRV0cwB0xVdXLm6fX4H3NTfA+X1URKa2hxO9duSN7wSvt2Et5hseWMghwGeOVH7wFQJ8zkCACPBEAOlWuB9ivXeZav9yx4/ck6wiwDA+Ez22pUUOcEWSKjBlPrZ8pUA4SXhrCvN5KEU0LR/k2KC4aEUz14whQBhvffHn7wwvyj/s1r2dWrPU7Hw0X1t782Jtfk0BnfXt+3MbABg1sL5XTwa5uTv3kTKnIUAAvv/LO3feGl40dsDW/jxorjWXa2CpWgOrcy0FLHRv78E2GrS7gPjNXq+/aUqg1kGAAHz9Z3fu/GF4Ufyr2WgvqY2V+vK80qgucW77EQdW5u/eSjQUYG6B7UaTBgrA6/s0aJYQIIxvf/W3o11QvF7bVXabbfZu6bxyidx4dRu+B+754gJ5VQHZWvIWsat2UyBWr62matmZBmSnVWF+/onf49vB68UeWrw8u1U4mPilLIU68EwjS6A+8Gl2WRzHKYKrdDIMhj/3Y6FZAlQGdvGkKcqFTsnyvEouwXEcy7LcMwVre8psACoKwUE7Np4yebng2xiD657n+GVtwUilvUpCEITEMwT3fM+UXgrAft55RV/n+YKfwyj4lmEolcMkC6NzJUNLCySlvJAPd7YB+2uW5DKuLncWygO7MChVoMUczdIYW5adfKXA4goCjOAFdIFdSuXlvJ8j7XyWGuD1AVkJAsKgMZiG7VSCJrIIcJB3XIHNuKGdBfc7nMLtAs4wY4DcADAgZDuiUchwp72UzxhgaEcxMcFLSS01X7bIwC7MO+oAoBYBhGEICdcQfYsm8NkEHNq5qqTl02kNH+13RwF0EizGeqpjwjRklJkCVBQ8mxOoWMJzdVErla0YrBWcOuFlmwcAOckaAwyWMkxDKVnyGXw2AJWwVjAkKzsmtEsnYv06SwmfGFDo/Y3RGbNVzXDYqaThCwTs1QqGFLySKqtVHbZykTVLCdozAsI0jOUlUXJzbOzkG5sXA6hkAysKg2tWk7WSlyBxvzzBw00C5o4MyGJ5n4ybjuoJGJP9PwPs5V3OhHkX2vXzDvf9Tw5I0xFAzuFGgAUfozHBFw3XZk+2sTlNwMF+Z6VLTkuHdrHRmp0CKD8JMPhO0U85AnYIIB3uhnbB0Ty9coJpeEqAETtNVEuZtD7eo0DA5IQXexhgYIfZvsm3VL0tx2lsAMhOAgZFmfP5tnqCaXgagFlBwAmsZ+d6AgEFEvq4DoOXU0cADOxilp+XedO3YzJGG64k+RwWaAlRQNMfLm2alHhHLp/UMe80AIm8VNJ4vW8X9igJ9WmADM2PXaDwhMkEG6eou3E2PJ/ILCdxWEYt5m1IOAaojwBZTMz1pg0sdgJpeAqASr7jxNnP/fryE3oUBk+7BwCHYxfIHmMz+rKsBf8Jg8UfAibgKrVch0+PL2G9PAKkJZsOpg0O7yfoGP4SZiDupb5y8ye/+s4rh1cIBvemAgZ2BF1J6bxcKvHE2MbZBwwHCWnZyBexIRqmpscBw5s8zSlU0t7xpuHpALrE669f+/2Faek1BCxNAGIy1KJzfjiAtjAKFybbGJnuAYaGttlWM4OCMgGYG1QUy5WWRYE+zv76VADj+ct/vnbtZgQQOwCYKU00KVw1nedlPWnTvYEMZU0UHoofAUIdwfElIyWEaYhp3ggwMnGgMcxcMMwMRx/bMe9UACuFy9+9+S0iml48MwEYz4+aFCIoFlILFgsiMoB+MiBrGTQd14tmBRIeBghpSynONaSUxZLHk4anAmgXcOrChegPT/LEFEAKagVTVBGeUDiMx8cH0E8H7M1ixDIbkyOA8LzHRgExjM7oRd0TjqWxORXAyUPYNMBcCccqyaBY9CcyMXH8DioxBdAYDRByUmgGa4XsuEYFOwQwn8SCpSwkJcnN0TmSeBkALXNsx6MWGVKORTc8BrMKK1rkiRuMowAKBwF7D0jahsdiUwEHZxQMrnfHLFZXX4aTSELvmeChwOKn38nGeoCBFplIBycLVcSG0/se4ESSHhkwGGfxed5IJXp9jRBZ59EzSjBtWJ678hL8tmZWUHudbzINCRa/8I///m1RjsGeLhjfy7zqZmCxsPITy/wg4OSElSc5aQRoS9HDh41VzKIeHpTHAaMtNkua24/WBucllwy7fvIMAnJqmH8Xl3Y6WeZT/3r8+HGiYMVTKq/1RjJBk5IzqacBjmUgTF7eykjsIYAVePgQUoYID8rCSDlocCIdIkvrvV+2CaJ6fw/6dZt19gwCasFPTNSaO+sKDv4OAT/+WHbTXLCoqeGo4MiAg5FCm3fa/mCro20xAhgePuA+Bw8fpbjIRQCj9Zll9bUhINjdAMBrgFrr7AGyASCT3W40znN+qfOff//z3r0vf/j+Tx9uQsLNzXC8YB0EjE0BDCoOmwlGCinbILmO6Li9rW4MEB4+BvucVSq2ysOCAgEzY4Dbt4Yfcw3Wk2QdrK+dPUBag8s0Jvi7u6KZimPZ371/494bN+5944MPcfxPb3z+IXUkQEHPMmR4tCulw5GCCFcnmysUTZuGLWBlGmBAluhIRl8Z/gsfjwBy+u1Lg0/J7M/RhtUQl9QzCGh4rsZrrh08Joc73ubbH9z70Y8ffPPBjYexG7948PYmtbk5qNRTAcOZQqYaDMWS9qDToURSMDi41YXDGLLCRwCNSOdiiaxdKPYPypOAV+8OPqVe32ldYopb28qZA8xJrfC5Ue/nfuXCBYr4HzXn99pGdsVxZqR79QuNfoyk0Wj0wxrJmpElOViOcbpxbOSsguzIJF1idv1mx15w4jWR1w9O0vW6hFDimKyTOMGBdVywDUlIlsCSpiGhLIQSstCHQtu0hL70x3/Q9r33jubHHVneLX2SXmxhyTD6cM6c7/mec2ej8uj1XG1r7uazue3tybGPnrx3HARQkYkpH8919gRdFkLp1AEq2jnAxnwyRx0AMOSqC+csapQhkzMBPPVhG+hA4GCAWiwQPdQVo4CKu8ZeTu7N0vTeQm1jbPLF9iupAaCFw+Mm2unBnkI82+FEKWz+iAYQ3+py8dGehOFnxQzlAhOsOi1WnFcTQK9w+WgbAAxbWDUbq+Pz47tPn84PA96FKCJA77a2ttdLW9svrifNdACIWKE7w2OZCJXA2+diGwCxcS8fiaEKSzUBGNILSibGjKaskAA4MdgOnYhdBVgdv7N85+n0078ggF5cOezgJUrh1bG7tRevDICqTOkLcckuT10mNh0DkAAd0B2BWWVAglOzGcB6spfzUoceqV7hJ5V2iEDAUMo3Hl5c/mJ5d3n6y2odIFbX7ydX7eDZ7Abk9TueYsgImbwLmAzo/QCdHgJgkIMQBiNpzMcEkFTYqIjIUjqiOa8e4Vi5PQDCOoMru8u7V8avVO1A8GgD4TEkBlEVdkQwO0KmgAgFfrCV2w9QSdNkmnc7iObDJBCxs2B16c6rRxjoaQuAnEOtIVe+vFKtVhE2HaAmU6g/fR40yRQL978ANDjJnLqs6vLFQj3GwN0cgcoyCFV3XiGViA+k2wEgHfFqHVtVzVwhAUg3K+WL/PWfvw+67P36Gu+PArQ0BagU3EA5bUjnHEuRAD0ObQuO7XJLp7l2KCIN8YYBiimgsMMyReK4uHxx5t7Xm/0Xbl0oanz2pzBoAGgxAYwQJjTrFtNCDio9XpAhABrOAp7SjfYMZdsiAoWORoDJFK4WbqVBwW5W/1f3ZmauXji785lG8EcAouLMONyEB0gC9IRc2IthsKsKSYXtIK0ZSMmD17od7RCB8ZT5u9PRpD+QZBlRlynFqbMzb4oXd2Z2bvWrH0sC2wEAcda7ZKnC5stuCJsDVDQL0+n3WuUICTBGWDMwmCwc9ahXmSpD9DNyBLRiBIo58rsjmSKUQ3IC2gmZ8nl+yl68enbnrBqBwDJ0Y8CEvW7LAkUjiiwq1WlLx5EYK9cRQpk3orEjpGCCMCekJb9gNZh5TABloZBQL9J1uHuItlV6B7pbEaDkrt/xsEwRGUYKODKz6xummuDkigARvHhVzeBwZW1tqS9sAojLTc7Ps3wmh0o1qsIdMYjaYMUThAESoGYB4mLR06cP3DFABwmQL+TUi+wp2E5Itr7e08daE2CUtqCkU2QKRCRLzNzc3Ht6n39a7C9iUYMBnjQBxBtdrCxxStbXA9fJOhMxBxbP2BOkAjy1HyC27QN5JqZucDUC7OL1CCx324aStsFDEy0ZgUkpK3CcJOtuSmn2wfUHsyUSIKsZ0GFnFDunzt4bp5XP4qbZ2pGNd5YlpHOMrEf/kYgp4jkhpkWPLDQHCLOiNcin1QYOT4+JtyIF7RYY+PjkB2luYqDyQQsWkXhfmhhYDleHAe2/O3f3JTCLEjXUJq4dx7obJF027APaIa7VvC+REsw7mRpAJVGlWJ7RXQLVgNEoxSlsTHfybkghVU1UFCrLFfQiPDogiXn61DFfC0agMyMbx9zA4u5zC53t+o0d2PcDLI35Hy4t4UdLAt5KW7zYyxIDXjzDczXoQAOgourEMqOZMWaAPpFSGxS2C71DAvQxBaoNdKAt6jMWoKvj09PLi+ey2QZzT3FsAFif+8fa2tqIr3AZhqQ4G8m4tVqtVmHTXTNlJCQMxGW1nuD2lwSYpNQGReY6edZJzJ78TKEdNhNs5Aa5AnD+XONKNAZYKo09qdX+s7R0n7u2ttQ9KiWc9NhYCZhkzEEAqaxghe5IOoNtZxIg5ZcoXTknuIqY090sKsMWQHsA1HCBEl2d/+JXj87s2+gFzM3J6xsbtdrCw/vn+x4urR33Qxp8NLm1riZ/U4AhEiClrAmmxYSVTGEqIxlZS7nZLJ6gqDGZCRXotgCo7e+CZ082LGfsqIjs2+ilxfVabUtc2brbmXeFBx7e4EUXKK0uLCw8KTUHaG0AGKfUepIWssSAyQQQ9StO3KBkFDeLkkKFcFsA1NZP6Vd7e6v4jmbe6MUzN0dspVbblh5RpXCYRu+7ovz/AxC/cmXzZd3cRwAzBECsFlGDguI0hWpzMlawtQVAbf0U3F1ZWccvgYYUGzJY5DGRI+Leg9WSlq/nzp3hvYC++WJh+xk4CKA9YYgSAyDSzrlRRTurG4EkwC5BjdNMJydb2wagtn5Kz66svFYAYqRYGCoiT/CnKBCxRu1GqZn/23jcC8ZwBM42jUBAWxhPF2s1AIqGkHZzVL0/gfWVSpMo1HRPNsTm891tATCa01av6Hc36xOinBS1eOUkoxky+Oggij6llUNae/7t97/7NUrh2aYpjFPe2yVUIqPlnObGUD4SIIMPNuB6gvPUBJD4FMyNHvplqi0AGofNcYrioVt2VEQiL2gYMhigvTh1UTFjzu1+//btHz4FYPPv//r3V/373RisEOWQPdcTYlQ3xgywPh/xSumI2yr5iIqiiUJ1XXXwz42D9XBLprC2eoWdQDsMoqyN5Tus5qEbuuUVp2Z2vnYCPL77+dtp/Af8aLtv+g03BlhTfp4VfCn0z0jGuFkqEAoFMELKb6CBQdVDxe0H15mlmolC/Ll4RfdepN7egM0WKgw4WjECOwSg7LdQI90jESYZ8No9jWvTGGD/t7f/eO9qEXE+M75oiXtQSH67MzNVrKN3MblMhBWyHaobY1UAov5CaUBINDpApf3o69HqSYOmQQAHdYCF8tFuG/ju9MlwKwL0xvEBS5848vFQr0/ZL2pcubdHkx7Q/+b27ZkLRQDe2YeHgWC10fbi1c2ionJkKVZOKltZQD+JgwHiVA1ynT5IAiRdfKuY5LUduH0AjfXAE8HkkM37eOTEaEtW4XyGY4SsKzR06JD7zDBS0o1PRKBTFS9dvDiz86YIXu7V9l4CWvzwWJYGUVRsAiLDSUE3b36KhwZQWY3hY2lJ73Ih6eJTfMCaEpV60qBpHA5hZEK7xuM9J7td8LxlYKQFAcqxI3Ur0F6ZCNGW57vzVRdnEnXR2C8uDdDoJnhrE6nnWq22Gg5fXlq75vBkBc1RaHBjMMCg5q1AqiNdlvRJJmGuKse+sO5D9QT9JjUN3q/8qXaN/OETmQF49LBuELZUBDp4WtvTp4cXp+9Mj3+qASwW8Qtb96XH11IoY/uBnX79YqH2esw2tLZ0vyL6cb1o5saYAKJMzSSltFh3TWEXCbC+1KvYWbK1AeAnnxgXGcVP4bcbV105fug80yL3QEic7MIA7+gAwebUJioS4aOPLx1WDUKk/lZWExnx1KX7JwgDGrh+ECBKTqc3kxbw0WG131DfYILayZAAy+azThLgqZ8dfNXAOfido0UA6kfjQLFYtDz/7WIVcvX4u/DNZ282sf/cd8ynrkDDoF/ixcB/qTvX2KbOM47rXH18jI8vx5f4+H4cn4vtguORC5S0aoJJGqzQNQRWcgWahowA0hpCUEOWEIJaSgOsEFbxoTAW1KaFZdAWpWxIiCIETC3Qbpq0QbcPWye107ZP+7JNe9/3+HYS4LNzviWOLPun53mf2/95YwrLQnHP9ZEAuWKAGDAzO/RU1JkpAMxrUkHqXFGj9RGyAL//pBPP9q5SKlGYzG4dUSeHQKYMe/pZgNXH+k/1b4blh8EWxOHgKezmZAWOPvCAxdDXl3k8QPAW8wGiCi3KmYvqDb2olwxI4Ww8QQLVl56grzSt4UomjcmtbaWG5ubuUNq3Rx381IFTW/4OoeI+UXUEOHehOAEAW4eHWzNPAKi3wOzphhljfAVXsDIdQExQSItc7tHm8SbPprWP/9S1B1ctFUsEYFZhSZUNzV2cRH6JaQAZ338e/ve7LXMh1Zsut8NpL5UbnuCidd+tW/v6ngCQKgZYKHlB+ZvmCwskfFwHkEbxBM1PTJ4n6StpxWZjSwQgxZPwK//67dk7k6iwYDCBQLP29cen//fdzZucahHjaPCUAQ6eBRicvnVr+jEAwWFJ+xXRTT4CoBFTw3GQW2v1hw4grS0SI1m6Cly4tnJRdGM0iSr14pET3fdwTXlACkxLigLx4sH0w5v9V6txXHbC1LpuZN8vtNV24MI7RkcLa+4U2ncqSGPC/rQUTav5LX+0x5qreMMkyK3hfAT8xEeKAOYWlWjaLETFQG35IgHopilm/cCPu0+g3lQqVc3wd87fcXNhpae1dReUc+CSAgH2DZ87N/1+RlPA1e3fv6Q6pQOYhccJUtwajcsJT1Q10gsAwoIN9bNgbq0H6Cwsawa9z/yyaZEAFIwU1Xr72392H6Uo3Ld58qr4x5v3Tx0oK8OpTCYFGWkAKQSQQEFEjFNUy53zx1I5gF4ID5Z1khkjaCVcUZm2w/VqdNxh4jyAWb2vGOKKNv71ESVUvnGjbXEA9JiozMjZ338xUseGVPf9+/eH7p46f/7fR7bl6pHqagiQIpe+9Y99r2ouHDZT1Ve/gt2FbDfG5RDdCJ4RmKAroFoxhXc7TU4hajNi8L6xBXMkOGKKpp2PCcl0PLDUm5vKiZtQxH1eLVGAFhBePzn7N7uH86gX5ubOD/322OTdQ9u3axItavPkZrsDZ8oa936wV1jC5AFO/uSrnx2ohg1ohwjOvDgN4fEAXogkCJYkSIfLrZjAcWanw8UACy0DzFqR8JjzCIv3bGizd1nOAK0rX9toNRjWvvVMSQLEAyHMLLkve5G0KrX54tWTwo+q720/tB0NPFIH+rf03wUWWJbYu/eDyzjK/WBUSe3q/+lFxhoLwEW7kD9kljV4TAt8kslkpqoqLgQiPUGxuEjT9VxMfFCNgqNPA6c7EBXPspzB+esN9QmDuKK2sRQB+pwVCTcoznKVbYpKMQIIK1cOoU1NUI9s6d/yBxiFqdVrHo7uQ9kz0sSlrLOyG8CDbivXNFaqPckNG6qSE68c7hg4vfOd3e3tnZ2dY5emdu88XZmI5fqmeoAuC8itXbw26OSDeoC5Yo1/1vAsb1i18uAaXwkCpKSoou/fMwyMy/inFLreiTp5sf/iLLrCcsnI6Oi5j/vAmVcm2x0BuBbMJtnIrEeQ1Y6Ov061t4+ND3Z1NTc3NzQ0d7UNDvbCZ7Dr+vWZtmt+SUOoa1qhjX8a9q1jAGHxHTK0w7PMmf2I2PLaNRVPk86n1pWkC/vk+DwpESMgCRucYDJEhqJ2ZfUzmdbfnBvd0QfcVq7xXwi1ZFjH5S+npi6N97Y1wwcwG2sH9jbQcXiChW6cySR7nDKXaLw2fqYzrKV+CwFChE4Qr0180Z2hdEx4Kj+UMz8dCcoGQ8xSmmegbJ4/AhHI7PbryNatIOymsgCpuleHP4lLbo888OXu3Z3jbTPXrwNqvWOdu3cOdLxCZlpinNpSlWxhWZJlCRakNTwfVqxEi3l2qtkU8UKExTlhQZdPY3GhvCZY1Kcp0leWeBqTLTN0M6Rt3Veg5qBueHr6eEa7whJujahyYOpS72Bbw5mZmT/969v2d6CtJauqMkkEjSQJoxyVMALCA9kMLzosLAzIJJPpHfQoxjjIno3Fk8yixQYai6QT+b41AmhcLACVAkAcCtbwxKGfH9oGMr+6z6anzwIf9imSSfVygi1Ijg2OX5q6djm24+s979UsSSJsRQ/LGCW/3SyBVDBmQdkM+m2ys6HDzLsVYyTgb7KR+pWHwj1aEbE8nF3XxGzuenKRAJQceYDE29tA6M0CpHBs/59vt64Hllde4wXwiInDktc7e6GHTfY92LPnzeV2K6EDCMzNaLaX1zRGgyxReCk5Md4wAFgrEGGoqbJgZ7rFBlPUCOVbgQiaMNnd9cyiAGjA7flboqE85ggAKL5xArgwvWL5a3U9MS/vAa6Lwwojcf/mEIHIvDjy9ZvvpZWobCIK8GiQTro8IBU0hV0qmX+haqCrrSMJHZwx8y45YQ+Xhy3YQl0+uicU3rIAc2tM4urxRQIwJ1EFlfCVE93dH1F4wIo/hxvSn//wV2tFGzAm2taYToTVicmXX+6/gcBgVR2rXRRBS/DIg/CwiCT4BTtICgFflrB4/Q4NYXKi88wY1gLd2RITXdGmJsUUzCEMFQO0RHOKBZBbkwBg2eIA6FM1QSpF/g6/133iQxwUakEmZJNXH/z8XQdFo/IsBkiR1QWAJNnio7So4YphFpvHJYBajs27LUsEPX6FZVuSO5u7TlcxMCK7QEQ2EoST5xBCMYTpAea3HEBu7QemXG9YJBaoCVKpo0e638A/+tRHsdZElPPaQsTaF9ZKvF+rbQlajsZuzJ06RujPPNIqpxsrdfByr0UE7kZH75lOkgW5IAwq2p+wLEIYgoNOa/FmSLBIlU4rFStW+hYJQE2Qin/YfaT7KGOxeblAk8ow4MzzeuVsYwA+hNXrOsyk8oBYgoSTdU6KR7yccx4++DAb1EvXBwcuCOBcDJJFQYUA4YQD4UQud0cLt0zol69J6fnX15UtDhdGAKnngPt2c24YAyipXHRDpRBGFHMBNuV2R+BvELxYgOdlxQTMiiXinDs+3wKrJtobZq7VNHJB/dto9J0cRCg2ivlbJnTXGxmxcMVSLAvQuwr+o9dNL4VK1AKdsg8ng7ZA5RXZyqKW8uVvvnGZqIVGBb63K2BiWGu2xIDwsi8ovBAqnIAsk7S2N89cs4fouFuIPMI8WTYuuB3hqD2Kxu1Z5WXxZYzpF3Kl8MpnNjoM9vS6ZaVqgZzq4bxqxwiBAoZXtdzeuvUvvB1FUf13JxhWqkz44X4SSeiSaJZ0+ANWAhkqa4qHp2aa240ZhgWP4hKCCw5I1qqEK9KNktEilXvRLFi7mSLv0GLjquwHDH/PsBQ2sn5QW5oAY00VqoWlWj/74oEWMJj3h4ePf9wj+hWCZcxYIdFj/0/dtca0dZ5h2cf2OT6eD74e+9j4cnw5xzeMjTHF5mKpYDCOxSUuxeE6KJAppXRSCCnkSikRq2BKpqoCUpqkUtcs3XJZmnSdpqxr03TqqnRT22TRfqx/Ju3Puq0/pv3bvu/4go0dtVMXZE5+ROJYxt/D837P8z7fdz6LHSxBGPVxOQCyiFOIwGlnYajKUsqXL7UPLiXwLNkcJJVHTyBIalaptDjEuFWjVAEIORYWbNsCAOa2Byra0Op6FI1V88sSQK1UrINn1v3lk3/f7vWlh/nMS0eP70VMhKai60CVAyCIA8snZTUGPQewxAgdSlFRIpiYiMXtrOvQSPvgZKKgXl0GfQV8b2AYTQqdgeLECd6QEhyENspa+PS6yNiQPUGVH/G2eVptq/3xsgRQ1FcbAhyU9f7xo5u87IB7lzipUMdO/fpuhxbnmTUaJSXPSimOmDWEu1BfADByKLeM4dBA+/BkHV5ETwMtxmUuPalh3HmqAiDMspAxCvIB7MjtrxRFzTynNRqjyhJANtR4rtViMft6jy9lh/tWZnhCc9/yqZhKp6xaDqvyRQVH1KSep0UK/AwrFT1k5AzdAAAMRElEQVSBTY9cuM7WYSXoKVHG6m1p2d52C0IoqVD4/da8FSZj3vGL5W1jUNTU3VKvZyd828eM8Crqq/pjlJiduzjXyueKbqsqVakut5BTA06SJThWh69D9k3oSTVeSE+RldEojSrGwIhKKrJUA6w1Eyd1uYcNRXnHL5Y9gCjqiTTpKNfWqLmSdFIkIZcI3/uuvXVzczPGRz4YndgaNb/h4uFrcjcD+ry0JCcE6yNc8UJbmK1w2KuYwRtpFNANwt6ZFSMl6Mljo/VBF9y3n1mkE+Xvryx/ANHKjbZWC2VFcmPWK+EJyGBof3jxjacb35xbVsHNWncm+PzMmNG2w5sXG2LKirQZzMGX8YvQFiJcKE0SLHyjTDsDE1dRPoTgtwFZIfUutY5wSWQAwvQi3bc/fnGHv9VL3d3i17O8dGZC0OrjNw7CMQt/Cg9QCB3YENbcGp8aG/V4cIiwSU7PX9xsA+2dEnLNlw9f1roYHTBXVckKJz0IoSLjjbjkGiLsFgGwEbeGBBA6DQSEkJrv2F0Aoqgt0h+MUgTBzWfPHz127GASjPHeiTdOnK5MGg3m0bHxs01zcz08px6MWYrrg2IAppSkJvBt8EGEnZpozO9GEKTYMEpouxwWNM/NEAajKicrAEKdMgvhtz9+cee/Vy5+armaMpiEcMy9Tx09dhPKCn76vdN48uaVY5/So889++7c3H2CdXAlKeRzyyAJ1cvQ92Xhg7LiMpIE4xYIFAaGVwygAPSLgIXgRWBmLFAmQFyrjnRKJE4DSfTHdh2Abqm6uyquT0/zN1+63ZsZLi6YvPL6x7cvxz83eufm5vn5JenDpwfaF+KXBZkuTgyjKzpjVhAA1FY0ndfRqBlPfZQSYyXabcSqUwIIXXvuHynnOEvbGqpA0YpQ0bnC8UCI0jnhuuQkb6v5+slTH5/8D2XUeVw2W+anPvBP4EtOc7ZZRBtUQEqtmUg/1ybjiMxoUOFIXgYGOhH4IhlSYSTz7uRDaNIrXS5Lyzm2jAHcE4HZRnVXS9FEw08FOmiox3jO0FgV1Kef/NX91rMv/PzDP0nSrNl74/WjzyfOz14YXgHFiwjNdj+p1DFWEbJ9ncmkU6ZtISxuFVfconTuD+4UtYTQNJqchuZw2zU288fl72sEf2ynd0NbRgA27uGH+WgfFusuvucAdWykxUjW0IDmSzrh89WcmRpfGxuLc5nL3uMnf/zb24sXFlbqktwisFKj95AVwpKMArbQiiEiNyfKkvzc36pR5ntu2NM4WENDqCXSGMmdwp3qTnlRbaA5Ei0jAJsasDCKhgUNjSV9dSBk1DvS6xgZxQAT2p3xz360NvWBC64jcQB+uTj0pI/DRe+SganSYbBISiAowDB13KZTUlAytrdxbg0hzfATEbudVDDlDVRvsJV5DwdXe2S1KNaHtvaXEYBEuGp+g5lvCZOlQ9au2n2poJ/ON3E1t9Y+e238TI1QxNpViV/+68GVmYRMThl0OSlFeHL7dtnlQjCaIPRxnViIl+An8NwaK4LhkHrNgHpNQdm2D+ONSmtRfl9lT085qTDrR+UibZx+yG1n+NoBv4XNQwMXN/xtfOyHj927hyES429GRqalLLSDBZMeIqaB7OL5DaEChmCgXYFpobgUPxFMbdDQGn/KG6k+Yikxz9lqAx37HP2RsKJMbQwPnrCEFy448LWoDdSxbgsNfmh1tXoU+8Err3xPO7T//etBJeuQ4UU+BKmg0tPalmRkwqvsIvI2ggpkKsbe0Xe/ryloesgHVOhRFaZVOtDyBNAfrmVQ3Bvp3h74ClOBBprKpQK1y8vhx7CnX331xcELs2+r5XZ5KRPCaYauAuNJgR+0FIZXsItzbkEIq9st1wch9Tqau9D//7UzAAb0zd2oFkHPSYv12Fvl4fQYNsV77p5q5otP/OL7X3VOJ31gyqdL5dJwQQlngnEPt6iHb9cMzhbiOcG1p2c9M/porp0BMCwj4Qk3PY2lbBbw1Za0r0ZqfvfhO3YNfeKrL6/cyOXSpqLdRcDSkBqW9TACrCQ/zcAWIhigXlpwj7B89JFdOwNgS7SrycnvqcJL+lR+qq2BtZgFVsXvx8bGnqtc/+KfD06ePOjLRC4G45YwACm2QskAlgbBRIVNHA63qyaS8FVCt8dOEnsg9aIS9JFeOwMgE6iShtQHAt0P2c/o8EZ6mqOk6+rU2NiZ9S82N//+4OQzPgFSU4MAhBQ2bvkzEyFo4JZzJLuRAS7rJX11CV+StzIzPbiwfzCBi6Vyyt91bTV8hP6axsLZDCvb0eDePWHCQ67Wc3e9NOXCzty5NdT5j8Obf37wEU+AvPDOnVEE5gUWUo1nJCOXm+J4MlFXB0p8aGYdADfQCTedLw5PO1gbN+v5m7++qwjCb5UT1zbV4rsIQEyU/q/wh2hlKtDM6sw13xmevbp6+E3icWCr77y2dhaBkoG4on4oGaDhwHH4cIhPsDQ5dP7QMADu/QuXOmcXhw+dH1qRmS/Taa9Hf8OUpb8D9ERVQOR2D4CutjBkRuu7RWdvqrzVNosFH+ycvBw0PQE0peZna2tTQkykZjU652XC6avD4QMi0xC32ZH29s6BNHCMR173ZGLCwWQE1/TNP00/YGC8Co3odg+ATRuKNi3KesMldif7A/20jt3fvjA9tDK5xMNGz06dcRrib38+M3N+ffD67P7ZAfh4yMD+xeHB6ZmVSZ4PcNGXFAoscdLAUW+D+Z8E1xGudnZYw61h8e4B0OsXgK4znDpAl+yPA82M7tDiCJzP4DVy6VJn+qEawLaFheuD54cmlwRJuGk/s2cf4ZldtLKh5VfXijvcoktih0emMkRWW5ShEBVFjf3sLhKR+f54RCWZb1wtnaa7vNUG5ipvcua/7Z29b9paFMAVAj0hKCIl4SMQwiMEG0jwLbKp4GKbgdgCXClUUUuwunbJ0K0LWaoOUZdsVaRm6dQuldq39HWplL5/4L31/QX9O+qbNB99fMREbZqYc8RoLvJP957vc/n69/7+o6dPXz05HqqZcDObMbvAGrfOhRm+mUC0xHy9RrFz8W/79DxZhLpIlJ/3PlcO0EtErssBlAddn1uodrR6ei75/vHDuw+tE3pnc3P6rEkjx5qLTopKueRRcqV88db7bnQJSFkwaspNBnixVHZfKPxcyrP58c3LBz2JhAkunbUiOW8wEC4xrbeetJ9ENmQQOTDysuxogDlfxjrHS0k2dvjfvZ5AzeONpvlk6CjMKI0W4XK0REO8YhapQwBqMku/GUqvDi+KHe7Ts7dvP975f+rU0nqxOtmmNiLcyIFpWVfXwVnfrkEWQs2Jcot3BsAlqkpToOqNPpGUZ0M0/vrw7/PpH9vbcknm69XKHcHGwW2QrmApW2K4f+FL/E6A62WQ5kHcrvXtUMkKJPznku+sQSPIRVleT9ix6+sJhVs0ArtVMe4ggKkMZE/yIxUZaArESmKASipZ5zgcYAMkE6ns8neDO0JypaX5JYAvKVV2EEBeWqbB0zhAEIxCQSeDXLiprlgPRDOp28fVjHV+tKptU6pubWTu50XNSUe48e7stqWM5gmuQmxtMJfs4aFgCAqxDO7Fvt5xfuLcYrE14NzQjIGTAG69S4/w9KpiblP6uWJj600JlLVL8v/wcJVy1QBD+kK7b7YkLs9ZLseO0lNXnFyFSTtmtFBzWyu75cOoowGWlkHrt0VSbbX9B6hVVb+0biiDmAW5oxuOBjhI1vJQWwH+ddu87ArNqr9927vV2pPHEiC7+CYMB+WYdNnxSZdMVcPafSY3lgDdulAtVOq6YneGXJXMCHD56rkLAHu+GQiyz3gABL/m9eUgWrRZ3vG2560AwzezJg15aEWcGb3Z5eZnY2xJQASF3cArD5306O4agAD7SqLtymuTi2Z5eOC4HRlLgPWjO8FUYdjkn0mFcGdlj+wM9cPpeAJceN1k/w6g0dPS5xJTZVPp85mE2UjE4/ImhtbTJovjCRBI88gxlk5MaEOXmrBI8rr32umS6wlQiFsnuAX0JOjT50sEchKQIgK0I8Xd6oo5K9VO086SP5RnY/ktAwHakWw8nciAP36aeRY25G4hQUuUQ4CXklnZnD5wzZE6IECnCQJEgAgQASJABIgAESACRIAIEAEiQASIABEgAkSACBABoiBABIgAESAKAkSACBABoiBABHgTAH4DoQ6r0ve7C1UAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Plot 2D data on 3D plot

![Demo of 3D bar
charts](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo of 3D bar charts

![Create 2D bar graphs in different
planes](data:image/png;base64,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)

Create 2D bar graphs in different planes

![3D box surface
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D box surface plot

![Demonstrates plotting contour \(level\) curves in
3D](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstrates plotting contour (level) curves in 3D

![Demonstrates plotting contour \(level\) curves in 3D using the extend3d
option](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstrates plotting contour (level) curves in 3D using the extend3d option

![Projecting contour profiles onto a
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Projecting contour profiles onto a graph

![Filled
contours](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAACK1BMVEVHcEzd3Nz09PT39/f19fX4+Pjz8/P///+80vfy8vL29vb6+vr5+fnY2NjZ2dnT09Pw8PDx8fHs7Ozl5eXm5ubS0tLU1NTW1tbv7+/u7u7a2trd3d3+/v7e3t7n5+fR0dHh4eHt7e260fjg4ODc3Nzf39/b29vr6+v7+/u70vnp6eno6Ojc29vj4+PQ0ND9/f3MzMz0yLL5+PZycnL3pYXFxcX1x694eHh8fHz3ooHOzs7CwsPC1vjndFrI2fiXuP/IyMi70vvz9/iAgID29vWTtv+90/j7+vfd5/eGhoaenp5tbW3y9ffncFaJiYmDg4O8vL3y9PWamprzyrjQ3vf2qozKysqtra2MjIyRkZGwsLChoaG/1Pfr7/f09vbK1uzj6veWlpbnzsXD0/CkpKTX4vanp6fAv7+qqqr00MDy5uL1sJW0tLTn7PXuy7y3t7fv8vb19PLR2eaOjo66urry39hgYGDz6+jz+frt7/Lz29Drmojj3tyhvv2yyvv19vjtp5PY3OLy7u3HMS7nd1/m1s/2uKDx0sf1vqXpfma+0PDEzd3Fz+f08u/Wy8bnbVO2zffX2t0/Pz/n6+7gzczsvrHg2tfX3uxvhN7jxbrrr6KDovTP0t9MTEzVwLvIODb39/WXsvPf5O7YzdRUVFTpiHLP2fCow/3ajIdJYtV0kuyvwvJEXtTylnjz/f7QWlhBW9PKRkTo6uvGcnFUbdiFnebVcG/Hjo6Om9gqJKnuAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAIABJREFUeNrsms+P28YVx40hOcZwRiJHEocUteIP8IcIClwJCIQ1vCggrE9pYhv2QW0QYAEHQVPk0gJpY6e9GLZz6KWBi+ZQH+xDEcA3wzGQ/HudGVIS5fiQtHZXa88DFvaawkL47Hvv+75f+cKFTV1U9XPrwitLcVEAFUAFUAFUpQAqgAqgAqhKAVQAFUAFUJUCqAAqgAqgKgVQAVQAFUBVCqACqAAqgKoUQAVQAVQAFUAFUAFUABVABVABVAAVQAVQAVQA3zaABwrg/4SPUKgVBwrgf8tPMym1bRrTfYa4vwBRaWiIFxiNEQVaMVMAf1H74f4Y1wDHCUCiE8FejvOeAiw0Ms2wAaAAmAEBsoGIDxTAn9F+poGn4wIlJYVm1gCUEIeuDYx96sR9BDgzTMPAZTZxuix0o+7YFJ1Yl+14vBPR/kDcQ4CFqRmGUUyWLgLQC0arZSfqUQAlRNuym3EWEBXAV1RvSDg/TOeHxKAIQTPKp7nlcIicJ2wANhDjkpx1J+4bwBlOA2wQPLDGGdaoUOFkrAM47PuW061im9HNOCPYd5GH9DOFuGcAsUayABMtd804xYY8Y5IRFxEIAYqrrhMuqiFcr0Q46MoLxz5DiHsF8IBw9c2CwrYignt5AzAaNSosIE5WrmXl/Roi7HebRxLimezEfQJYaFw9cBIEYVwY5KcAJSmGUC/qhFY68KA+6LYuHFRlwCSzdxcgFuJrFNHS17HBAfqYIN5oIErbALmIQMA7MXJDNs67+vbCAVEOqRzn2bsIcFaagh/2lh0sZJjEeVEdsmQCq5G+C1COMwC0TC4v2Li0QQ2xIU2pTZGOZ+8YwEK3eAMSEjG/woIk8Vzfj6cjZs2deH0FbgFKiHyEJxlzWCYhcrkG2wuHesP/C8T9AHhANJNpBtY7PhlEEmARHA8Ilw3o+SvmdKoYSohtgAhWuQ6APR0zx01KGGWtVuUnDuU+8I1D3AuAhaEZGtNwzxngoi8AElLNWWHUlEZAHDCOL7SXvgQQyHGGdpAya2XxW3tz4vTrE+dNQ9wHgLV3Y2ZiUWzgQYJlKw672NhQEldg5DpW2ndoSzZqgKiB6M5ZKA2LpFr52xCHQzx4awHy8ZXqweloXD1wkGA8dPrYdlsAa9lAk4Qdc9mgzSndAiiDw0jnhsURhgUCfQ2whuilVHsjnXjmADW95lce9+Xu4wCLyvIwoRuAWxJ8hJ0gYyHfeBS8fOGAUSJaFcaVgDjIUnNr+hANPa7O8PVDPGuAxbjkbUeMsRsCoyaZ+12TGAIgkXaj3UpcRKiQjZHluFFv98IBo2jTqr2qu1zmfW/j+mhI1+P8eoPtswU44+SmfOUhNsYuJVJ9q0WfCKbILfQx1w2974OX70DOZTjILWvOhmhz4YA0arWqGXUq12HCsAiIdtgKcSh3LAdvA0Du3bhzw3jqlJh0bCLVd+kXshWh61k5141x2m0HqmsVlhdOZ2XV4iyeg7xqD3SSmYBOhPKMAg/YTmueEYxSBLTidbTiGQI8wNz74mhAUhdiQwIkeiefjupDWl8yjyMos8uLZuW9fEgjPRoDboy5/AS8z3R/B6D8KKU2LNz1+ZcpaMl3NgbUhh/3zzPAmYgODFylLJEj2/UIV9+q6KUCINE6S5NAaTfcMhX3iTildwGKnKEWZ2GMy85Ahy2ACdhcOLTMj4VhWUOsH+rXo3MMUEYvfOV1l3Gtvr5XVA5XX5HCGNi2MkYMKEO/js6nVdwnft+jjLbHdAQ2iMbu4nDbqRtJaV7ZY4gblo18y3UJrpfnF+CklImBmS+jeuXhvKzVN/a5qgRObDBjDbCxGzLGWg7sjbS23C9/rndGYyt06+ifb8Q2QFgyIA3LSLxiUq9LeMU7rwALUgnDhj2raqyvUbirWn1jLiKpC7C5C3CdwCzZdhbbAPl3nUAX4uwI54zMnY0Ip+66V4eD1LKW3RgB85K5fkMeuXgRkfMCkKuHiAwIrqxhEWRy5eHqeCBbkQxzKLeiSBdk6wVuiwRliF+BzJGNpu8CdAMoxVlc0lZ6OWplhTDotHoVeqHFHH/1wTrC/vTK0WDx3tH0fACcGVx8g6zgftck4vNzMcrd3J/U6kvnVin+xgGS2AMA7ACsA1Xo8SuQu4082boNePLwe7iJ/nvVcsW4ODcrcRv+N6xLEE8//cf73fo3eumzK6uj4De/PhcApXqQMvG43+Urr+Sii4dWxS2JbEXiL4AkabpacsjHdTLotDzZNlBFvNGWy9GaEbS/fvzP0zsnJw1EvTvoSXGeiqxw184gyEoI9eBKD9UAbx19YL13sPjiPADEdfDcWzFbAuvlBa6cIcbZVGxF6LqdeilqFhshOk3ZainDwJ8EqhCaWVcm+2Il3nl6/8mTH3549Mm9O6fyqRsAsTOF9GYlqFJ9B+BEyMz7zXsiXw5v/v6Kc/N3+w8Qm3V0oB/ODencSJwbXaG+OAt4K07CKXTlAxwf9zEUwjGYp6GVN+K7eweOE7NhFH31r+f3n9zn9ezpn09uCIBT2MRc/JfgzJ24jrnqYj2IdPe367f1h0vXbP/oGth7gLNEzimeOGleXy/EDlklPgTByaAgkUULJAHiKgw1A4r/mlC6JuqtOw29BBA0eWpuuY9fcIBP+NfzZ5+ccoAlbGWFnbmItYVzlv9kxRCZhx+dMy98QEjS56bNyBik9aASnCy8+pCOAs3NNUJEBxLN7wBXJzVABuQFUyf3h/YmPdh1G3Ew/+zHF88FwfvP7t1oAZQXY6KLWNtqnLM15ABXt84XwMLQcFVhjNjIwCLtE+rrh83Kw5XPhKoYkBFMGb8O2wDX58fAPw436UGdACJ4g5d47Pb++P2/H//44unTb0+h0IndrFCKc+2chxaFSFvcPFcAZXTQj4ppyMeYyEEV6os69S7EnaVUFQOwohQv0VywC1DqBrImIqUa1Z/DcbsG79z+nNcJLzc+hac3vho8fPgwmSA3bt+IjS/hEEVCEx7zH4CPP16/N+LHF/V0ts8AxfEn4uYsE9GLwQdVHM/OsKCu0Xi6qt6KJkuYeAkHiIFwZS2ATaDa6MYEjKPT24++e/Dgwd/u3r376O9f377z4SmoP2JyFtlWuxHoVq1DGgznY2ZZ1281hzS89sWCHl36aLa/ANfRQX8REWmCgUs0rr6Yt6Ihs4N+kNS7EB6nUqA11/RC7tpgj+mvCFSFblirjv351au/4vXN1W/4n9/99du/3Dv58IZwbHO3nRV2++08cOjokAZXvrypyXf3p/9Qb34/bVxZHJfHnoHxnfFPZsb2ZOwxnsGO7SG2+BVMWLlEWinFtKKunV/V0sBuEnDkaGlZUoi0FAUI6RbUbYlE1OYljdSX9CF/4Z5z79gx7fbHo7lPkIBkfTjnnu/5nnN/vFGZuDEwluxXgBfCfnbPJasyCzOek+OK44YiT4aUtNvTkXiqKbEfkTPBfF5XU0rp3T5Wj4zBK1EtBZWfjmfZWVhYOD5eWHi93V6rzS0KakxIm3JKtVBJ++ShHoBCJAjf5a5/7jqqd+edMWhDpuw+BXiJD/qoxTciJ5lbCvHVTMVpGUGAluYj0NOhkIasVmmwSnxV9fpwR9WcUIIjSdeDOasDdYeLOC8OMQYXXm+83NnefgKReHwIDBfVGJ2O5G0NlHREy/d4hXArwDfS7XvuB2xOJcZGx9R5oT8B5rySKlDrxSTxEZan/oDbsEEuh6l3QPIGQfXi51U/zWS1GotRKZxWBbz3NTsb5oQzg3UsDQI3t7aDafzkxdGjn2trJ8BwARm+DNWYksYZlDqjuDYXA6jBF/xHE52/8PVrowMPrlb6s4jk/DzRwgRiK02kWIDmKbCUfW4olkapi0Dyeg7UiyR5ESCJKHnDU3TiggB3oEApWEGQwtmg2NXHi3PfROdqNaG2eIDUjp+8ONilDA/xUpzdPhBq3bKhGhZuuLp7hdSf4O80z4WMwcQMhP1YMaDv0AirvhKIFOodGDMiC8qsQdULz6s++Ak1kvR4PEWPE+PohcWsPCeQmoFspvaBsLtRPzmp11c3Nzd3F6EYzy4czx7unKyt7bafzLoI57rNb8Qnph02PuHYXqH3pnIuAELVIJYZdNxZJQHxLPuIVxMk6h1Y7MqD6lGlAocHAc0nEmKm6MFTNPLZYDfmBC5WMTToR7Kib7c1Pk3PeKPRmCyXt+qvDyEMF1DUdMrKk4PFHvfAFYGKmrESfk7wfhY4JwCl3GiJiWRUyTGFstREiXoHksrsGX+qJLHyq8VVM20zfohQL4Z77SyRZXPicWOcnenpLsg3h4ezTNa4BF93fhOb366rbZcmQEVKN5zuhxyJD5SsfgUo+QLVvKte/GpUoUMkSRMJMXGbSPXR+AuOWG5PV6lkI1189NiF8BkZw7L5ZWMa+bUONuDU9/chIgHmG4Q4i4UEa8n239xfxOa3W4Tpywnt1o8Pw+5n1P/78P6HY0p/ArwAYWYWGBzJNyH7WPXVRD96Bzyr0I4SCiXYpWjO5KNn+UEU2nkXYVfGcFxtYx8ITtcfQSGpLS7Wdo82Jp+2kOmb1snO9k/b2zsvR80sM2CUWK8hbRs+jov+66ZbhsWP7jyYIvdu9ifAkBrOmUOsUISUppflKQlEg9Q7IBCKqF5ILCAxb1/Tf8mPIQxh/Q0HY2E86CDMCSeYxieJJFvfUBZrtc211X2IxPHW09Ovf360yEp3WuSUkPiLNSTRf7kzRbo9Nj82PzBxo0+rsFciJm06SFSJsOIL12Kq5NpYGuQXqBcpJsOlGA5G0/8HHysnKELWluv0bEHabm0GHj+FtN05UlUdQlSh2qYmAsMG3ImN+sbXcz5MdhDizZ5uhlkLQuxyZ6aUbE7dvHH/w8/7E+AlzFCT8LT6SrT4oncwEXGvvERGQSEohTWJFJTIb/Fjoia7BfUWzyQeJAlJO90oPza1oFaNsHQVKEMsK63V3RqHr0vss4sJaC0I+cvvzAM5w71/60L/AoQ+l+DrGYmXRYl5B3rWtbFKo1S9SKJMbC3s/DY/RGg9b5ffnUngWC4zhAdbjyeCquW2fMJc9hQQjk8jQhAwISWMbTWuxMF/c9gZc87VgXMhYy5gl2Hkhlj1xRUigi9p6F4g7vJW425Pp8q6+Pv88OjLZTcIy/XVdnsVTv1pA6PtafngYPnoSLPf4qZ0Xha2WlhkAOGiGA8KzI9FhybGyQUAaF87NwClSAL9AsQUCBEv9Q5whoTeS8FioZiLzBTinj/kBwSfL1OCk1vhf8sFaG+FzbW1jUlg2ACG5Xr79Ogo4MQKGlfbLKPQmW5t1iJqp5uhDk3TFAXvyAfdj4jJe6FvAUp8rjDjMJUsBcJs74BgYQb1EsvpLBSHKpW0508dy7NH83jVTKtJAQ9U5NpmHaovMkSIp6dHpdLb0FyYqprpxoELsKOkm6MpzelW3czVqeqlO2MP+hYgGcInC6xkWAbbO4DCnEP1IhHMZYnXtZAn4fmTR6cIJ9vPRww7ms/HRJQ1c/EjynC80drffzpZPn1Z+W6VdSvTrawqnFlMSIeS1tUf/s78K19Mm0pdjs/H+9TSB07pAFN/klSpsIaXOI5AqwoO1AmnGSBjMoZh2JDFxaLnj3KZIpws71lWsVg0bMNOFgpRtRZaq+83xt3+uNEYn2b8GhtvtTMLqtDYCVLlg0pnEHzz4cP3B6asPq3CsklEd1guyNWOekkGg8zGspO5dAo7FdXv9/K2ni5Gh2zbziDI38W4BzW4vafrrD7DsXQj8zb6uH3SarAG2W2Wd46+jcq+XoJKXOwZypE7tweaV33zkT5NYU6itjM6Vqm8mWQ1V9KaXGcePKRQq0H1S95Ewp8bSUteXrI9uuNk7F9RXOqe9ZHv6pPl5ecuwo7QsQyjWFw+PX3RatEobLTWMnKpCj0dXpcMYAr6Ev5eZ5eo8sO169JnY/f7dawJ159PpV1uEJo6+hoE1EvFZtdizmkm/DQ+VS8mNVyTWcjsRELSs8QXTmezZiLTg3FpePgiO4ODF1deUYTr1q9S3DAA5h5IHqgp5YMNQx3VMmYkncbJKHvzwD/oELtEfF64afp2LkzQhAFm6B2wpg7VS1Z3h3BNzR2TaElqqALAnKCaBMozAISgiQVD6bzpeFyG659cHB50z0WG8NXSysqX61/2AqRIdZA8ddQ8kOoenf5+ZigtcPTNA3/91vnQgQM0PXl8veU2dVS9ZOl0hESCmuPeis0U9aaJFYkjyZxeIF6MFwCIyRcrODatLdbSx1cGh88grL9aufje4MrK+hmKrmpkTcty565MaGZBgRuRv/vwnADEBUotE6TeARkyc94RUC90FRqzWmDzYMk7MuF6+7ZGN99yRiHnJAphLqSGmB0thCNRA+PIefvpx3/56+DwcA/C5e/hq+HhT1aW1q0zGa3vtSEI28/ZPxYL8aQ1OpOIxsndmXefURL6GqDkrWrsniNJk6kXUC04hAt42TyYiKojC0SCQ1IVv1uedY2+i0t1H2gKQjxIGTpx8Ytv/7H07Bm7EJ8Bwsn2q5VB/IZB7CFYbEP8uQFYgL+DL5JyZLU6f727Il2YGpvpY4AkpjZF11GNpJh6kUJyLhzERem8TvcC85+uf1GD40tU8zngyOfsqukVuNiQPKPohXcPbcKhggkIkyHun2FV/v6rr/7z7MqV9569+h815/rTRnbGYWXmeOyxPTfbc2bGji/4zpgx1IgEYcuA4hhvWJGQtcgFOzEhzm6rEEG6SgRaHKVSVYmLlLRR+ZBUmtCKSNlv+xf2nDODmawWwkpVZc6HxEJRZB69573+3vPoCoon/17dIQyHPU6G//zrcYy2NIO6QlFscHz+zvFXXP4hNj46uACDsppVrUrOz8/Y82CJ1+M4J/TpaZ/PgGIjOdxCp/Jw7+iovb6+7pJmoqMm/nUlQUeGaO2sWxppNpeIhCMhkVIClBbk4kLkoNHofniGzPAPz97trdpR+uHzt/2828EPS/bR374Vpf9Myr0J/7hvYAHqCsC5HcleFOFYWMnMQKuNlUv7suHF6nFUSA4T15Zsru4dtdtrEn7tScKLNrwsRHSWJQ6RYdUQQhgjszaiNZLDISO8v/XHK7jB9ejdh709fJ3rq89fO7JEW/DGxDg8V7+b7X/FO7flqwPbTHDjph9pufg0OSbylgF6lRna1vgqSqLd59c/yLmhnyWr1erhh02G2dig2BzWZC3ZmisGIRwJBxlbx6sa/NJE5hfpJWGIKF55hM+7vXfPfkpb+U/2YN0p2Xd9c7LoRd29qgyuD8Qd1QjWBOLsRSRZn08UUpyV/eVD5VzHc8ZBiXOl2mysscwGoDRjogijOuk8MyJCiAsMq0EAgkIKxvng0Mutv9kda3K2xIBB7u9h9eEHsvxKEcm+65p+QdIYDBClJKT3YgsrC7JGK5bcPDgGG56kx3M2Q5SfVDDEDRaqehQPivCMg1JQdnyMkDGyXkZDNx1mfnn5cuvRd4Tid3/COeQQ+ncFZoMorTM5S7JPTUoXCGAqhosLP56sYzkHpJA79GIJVpbf3DkdX3K4XvGg0EIQIojV7j+EfQpPhTmsOWeVwFDiGCF5QIGIDzJQ5kKKsf+Xra2tl4vWFpiRY46FRnhPW2WAdLLodQEABqGVvaCq2A+UCCLnVYDLR8HUt9XT+CXr1aPd3cjU5qvFTrfRrVYwxvpqd3ODYUjkEOSJlEhpiTBB2H+BwurdT4yhkPPggf0jRae+lBUKGW7y5CsW7z3x55dXxEEF6Pcd915cQMGPwxABKvANyXqnfqr9NdeAuSHPyIqhmXMlk2LWGt1KHdlhs8MyljxhTJBhqhBDJR5CmHA84cEALpHoD5HYLxXnIGIwunHj7yv93TgF3n16f+WHAd1Uuox7L/ZSq8u1FLfmwbTiDQrqGeGjY5pePAkFKPiiBIahadME4PVuFdlhtWP5PaixegQKHD9yaSTDR50aSqyoFGNhWcZqLoDzHYes0KAYr3FtCUcRvVwuC273zakFKI4PKEDce4la2YsrPXFck0COW2yean71jgm8LEx7AfDSXtVQUNwQvS5DFqm1bgUh7G4yZOGI6GS4ooI700aOPe74WTZHlowVZIjFgHOZnTcYFkStmVLq8ePHt/Ird9wLS7GrgwnQr6j5HFEOIZ8X5WxpAjURaZ/q/jzJhgloLW7QgBwvTTOFtKAIY6wLGSLVqSbftBBCvLFFdDKSHsMNQNytshj2Ly0OHLFsudgXCbPWWBiEF06+4u1/PYlMjV99OqAWiOKutccfkHUflrXhnBqONU53f57KIqD1om7zsyC6QHxKgXxI8tIm6DRbyVZXHjqRDkopDnerLmViQxibzdb2iLJODNGSLjB4sRhAhxQmKIzl3KnwgEZht9/l13i/y2dgNZslTQjJ6sOzEr8DCd1WFfOrmSb2fQBf6IyLlmJhASaGQKm0Xh1O7hyqotTf5goHSb9w5FLUKGgwcLISxrJx/FxPDMsKQyoF8BbY/2ZT7v8GEBUgtPUkAif6/a4IRzXPSp6Tz+HSjG6aJcSpjQ6FPogyvtBeL00FMlBIFxj6+c5wsnqoqaok2YtzAVuXOTISGUnFQjlRdL5bZL9gBhPFHGDosQsFkOUYSFZsfJyKcujMGe7PcoEcTHDC89nZ2e1pdHrow+5Bu1QixoiiihjkEeJAA4WT5iYjapookXU4yTgZiKLrHDFsWWbcMVYvRMpT4SA149xPV2Nuf1wcVIB4KDIm61a/mRdVWW+3vlK8rSbmXjW3r6OD+U3bH3r1Trtk1vCFpmlOyED49iHKC7vrNVbUJJ68tKM55DVhTrcChyo7p8JA0A1uan7ypJngn786uvDNuDiwAH0pW4vvykfCgtZpeb5yKg+6n2x40zZF9Cf6tN3rIobASylpmqQ3e6g+aXVAjdbHCiryiIyk9/XVoYiA0kDk/jQnQDzVpChwY/4xbgHm0bl8Z/nPuXH3wsSAAsx7+bBgpdF+X7HobSY9Xz3V6WN8073k7q3yQaPTqfZ6hGG1Ye4LKdpKbzbWKrjr1c7FAzSFDFFTWdGwrnCsnwYWIOV8Cq+Ip5r3yUxp9Mbk5OT9F/deLE26V34cUICMYPiIlJyo2Q7Pw8/j+WTz6zVMkw8XwpAP7pfodnf2E4LY20vN1ez0xmxjgq09YwP5Ri9yg8gOCxnCz04DQ9mpMtmYYxwe0fXkR3vgkM+r5dsvEuMz89EBBRjM+VzWWghyf4c75+LnqZPocX22VGKFDI0SaVSzwUzAnHuwNjuNzXC9ZBOstbFHSO7sKgkNIIYAG2LQsV3IgFw8AVFNbfdiyYV29Tfl8NG+d8OF7wc1iOT9WJSPhZWyhuKm55znE7rE2+2SGg/SVjUCtIQi8LENPd78hBEC07ZBy6aTO28VmNZZGkPkwqLWzxEZXQGUGsLP8SBDBJqAfua/PXNh0hg8GOZEnz+qUN1z4yO3+HpvzlmPoDvKxrJL5Uv7D7ooRPcaNdMB0ONpNTdDnKAYKuBREU1JKvKIUn+KhDf+UzCuGDHsEf0rUxcKIC/SSsTf8fwegPU3281YUXPWc6igS+AhnfDT4fA2ii8ddI9rhyf5Y6VT2tAjwsRSjkKGCAAjYYYWwH6rcGoiUpBG7zmmIKGy7s4s5QcZYNoQsLSjvXa0M3xuiPV6clct1b4AmFYokr9wcPcjvsc10HRm4J5mu1SDaUOR+SAqmhFDZIiiAZ2FsR5PQWFmXuh/wezkcpYfv3l7gAHm4ZK1X+3T3x4cVWxVxjnOcLXRBuuLKG9DZ27O5Hnk4Ej+wuqvf0a5YetXNU2y3oAJFHTQXRdgKgCwR5SKBvaI/ZfcOERV+Q8RI+RxUn7vxU24/PTyvGtAAY6S/S37mcDAxIj57Xqjet7LjMdJ2x/fk7Ozs/t2zgq+pmm+KnW33/zG/5JcbddqJOgMJaAQjjGSEKLRZVbtqELe02NcN3N4JpK9Njm5fO2GMblyyz3vHVCAl71cNGpty/moqSJWwMy51rs79fPaYSvZ6338+PH958+f3//cxc/ELDYa3Uql3qr/ptV6moumHXTEUDhe/i935/baNpbHcdDRZXQsWb5JsuTYsuObsEe2qTE2dhgMDm2cgJOGkuaywzRsm/QhxVkaAvuyy7wuu9DtvuRhBrIwFObyMCyzsH/ent+RbMvqbCeddrpV9FLqWIr1ye/y/f1+R8dabC5vICLCWJiPj8T5B5yOp5PO6OH2x+rCnOLMFlYaatn0lqjKrfONB2s3ZXgXZnMvyPGnF2uwBGT1jSeurj2bJx2xn897MwGaVdKxcpQX+cJosVPWyuGmIUx3Ex8rQGREYMsi2gaMuXuLSayum5F70p8f3ZwhJBVy3NDzn7giEcUaOY4mHVV20pBVcLqfShux2jYOjYwRJNiyiHhuVmfd9eaRmJqDLYsww67ffwQB8W3kzU34fXbuGmC6UfeKZr5W0rRslRXVHGJ4rFxKoQG4Qp+Ws7Fe4tz15pGaZdhxmcO8mw8+/ZIw/GT1ffK7v+7x88twKGWsgc5jzk6294TwAIRNTYrQUqDbnKBIXuEjkigjqk0wr5VIRfE5TDneE8PVvzgieCsylscqJCLyjWxG0c1Wty+ECqBUsBT3CRFGxpUoPKnO9FMQ11HMynuzj3PC8O7q+7C/f32q6HkDG1Z1iR+LRTXJEQc+fXnZCRFAiIGlDu/t7KkpdJEMx9ZlRU6JVWtuJMDw8yefvStD4r/XiKmWNatTZmnq9fMjv0yq9jpGMkwAI6iiRj0hbQzclR0Mg6FFtTeouBWXx3D9XvUrYLj6LvkD4h+WEq1yVJGTsfnlCT+YS0mJ7un7u7cPApDR8qK7z2KkbjVguTnmGRqSihqxFK1YYGc3iXKNxDX7bONt1M1r9kcvVG0UOFLvVTRa0MEKB57y44zejhAugM1KPcJrkvutZ7zMS14u1cVOAAAL00lEQVT6xawsEx9jC0UQugzcJHKsGAJnXj9/9KsYzvIv8HP1C1xerdR5xCiUX6x3IYQMoCBJ7sNenGnS1irj8hOVLJpVXI6umuQmyxo/c2cSEJ+9tTPP+dUaBl50EePJqBJtZYii5uKjqRA6gPRhLxRhYDRMALJUvqBCI+nTaCieNJXhXtwX9UlSQV9+8TYKcfX35HyXX3op/yJO3FM0rVw1JmdC+ADakHw5w30UTk/RiITq/YDG4Bg1miXyI71IKiiv/I0hJfOLu2s3KuEe/F2BtTNSkB+LyR+PY43cxcvLbEgByvBlIZBHcoqWTbBcXo0t3yNKWw4i8iO7SCo4ozGYGOK976/++WJt7Rfr4I3ra7FeUfRoKy3hID+If2jytGXN5WkiuSKkC+EAKEl7Cl2jinmMSUGltVoit3SPJOp7VSspuLykEpVZ+p71P179+NN3//7+kzfb4Ya37iM7hI14mEUw8PghPPFv9s7sTg6U9ruWdB8GoISi7sJK1lUvjKXKCmTGuRGilJs1F0lFKfVNznvpzrOrH3784dsrYPi7u2/iB0LIiqM0OZ84s8uQ8IMxPOb2Hy8VSOKgu92K9kIAsEnq4GhMIjjc6jem5olES8pqNCW6DFFejfsNEiPOGFqanPQYXF//9epbyhCcefVN/FINciU6vzNpPUd+gVYGftLzo+WPlZuMu06tGwKAolWzo2kJ8YzfWRHic6aqO1CJVCDYLUWttJXi+FplnlTurb/6z9XVD+T46bufazvM+CWt2V8CuwE1W4X8QfgdBL4uBNWNre2H0/0QAORjkYhpcB6/pN9ZmVqJMNQqywGRRYk+lMgkIFazilaGpILy0Tvnr8jxxSuiEB8Ehiob7qiECHHRX/winM4PhpWcGGkeB4duxv72TnwyroUAIPSzTE+04LIiLjsrznWGGl2VseBXn0MmP4fZUKZgmhiv3yHHvTugEO8/e+Ib7n1l5qCBFeBHz5fLfCqqnXXHv82X5H6YGEiqkHzDoWW9LAecFaXVFC6QijibmDH0CjrWn1QGHZOu2licF2v8Y8Nz5o0/QMBz4k4wErCsnkUYc5Hx1kRf6Jc6+UypZngArkD6SGQUzSmQfBjgVwNndcULFR8Yo4CRQtWsl8Uc9FbmlQopZKrX1+w5MNy4xtDayQ5PM0uGDOdlIBLYm8dEC8w+Tm082rT3u/vN0AAUVhBDGemnQ8iLvlskEdFbu+GJF7PGZzz55+vjKXlEGc2TCslECbcPy54/cvMH52jg7KWaTx1Rfqx99NwPq7kS29K7QjcaGoClpxXO5liupiZiRVKRFuYMUdFvbLDeIKV3hikfAip7Zg+MkD9CIgsXQFWrsOjDzi7FeG0Jqo6ggaWXqP093l9e9tKcXPQnwmQvNAALD7dHJxUur8VInMfUV2m8w7iiB42NIX48EzfeS0Yjh/wB0SjqrYGDl2MBKnrxz1NHYKhyidrf08ny4/x4ezOS2ipvpcLjwoLgHI6+udSRzWFXW+hKpko8rIIDEREmJFTczAUgSgQmQ0TS5fp5mba/FpVM2Zc/QAFmFL2vwZpV++E4MMB0LsebwrQ7FcIEUBA6uzvj0ZHG2BIwROBqQ40NmFHBMzYqADWtaBC/X8jG2bscNQ7OTpOKa4goG8i/5GW1IZOAyJxNOOE3PD4cQDCD+nQy2rREypBLt0pRyBkLhqjWqPrHuETc6PqeIQWsNE/jJp2Ve0kFZYOhgMXRCqyMsS5fdoTbAdA7Ehf7vd1+3G5W+1VSEKdkJZrz9B0pYwOrKRFXGmpayW33B4PdolrLmzpCQX4m5I+VaW/vbOHB9dSKUHPCDZAc6dPnvaOTKWdDhENE36kypM1gQ8GLbNTZF52boLMSQ03vdWYzlQW/KPyvedHz7+nEHX+D9HZ7J+wAyRHvft09HqbtCPVFvk7SZq6ks8FgRxuqVNzILmSMS685KyqZbBxmKrl5UsGmy2+nG9hYoo0POk73FgAUFBsPD3oHHcNjyNY6A92J+bUJPK8+S9LIhZwUSyYOBjv6LppUVC+pePzsQTf48FYbjfV0e+UWAKQHu3fcOxhUbZsA1DMYpMdiIoJB5Cz5KhE3g04+tiwAPVguZC+plFx+nW6gX79Suyye7J5NhNsCEERt67j3/DRhQM+d1hmK5hZ7RFFng4kBR0sF8oair+AlyWKpfQVJZTgsEJrNYbsabGoctY+N4/3qbQIIjU1rt/31bs220Uy7QLHH0zFGoEjJIndQPu/cELES9GiupDmk1HGGvdqH+PQfAUABtiF+3JtMnYjNzWo1tVNByyKbIC2ieZdUV6i4kYP8SErR4Q2J8cuJcWsAxg8minC43fifzRpS60fko9H4LO8ylIyWKS9LEyyqecQuj50y1nzstEjcOvzTVLvlvv8r0+2TbTO8AKXioGt2rV96DqNpnozGh0XJtgtEZNO+ylxD4/h8C49F52avpc3HUkv8bKUdkMudXuvX7hD4/wWId6bTC6l1eXKxKXRvUAOUno62z3ZOcQRo4DjV0NBkjTVSwZDI6mUQN4pP/Xglna23i4HrPj4U2ukwAmSnh4dnSEi2pwfC1s1WAZR7L9sPK7RxA/IuKZOC2VBrr/GjWdobS3ld1rJG7U9uv7ar++HmyhYTWhfOHIyPxW7v2BWwEYOEPOYN+14PEsnD7dGJzM4Y1tTTfl38b3tn06I4E8RxSMY0msw6aozOGp2IMxoijkIjHZxLIKckYMSD0XgSQvQgeEiYD7L3ue0HfZLour4M6iMsM2rXUVTkZ3el6l9V3dvNpkRU7F2rrGFwkxCW+7cK97XmOkTjC/aBhZcAWWEpqzddVc23IBQOf4ada6qzFL9i5awkBVs1syGyEqtH8l/lpsIN2lKAWyzC3Cff91AElwtwxy0CdaBWF8cvOJcWXXmcpfjyU5lcFURW7i5BJPeiRKaSDftBGvdnn+Z5AQDbmqb5oCXHUZ476UKetD80NbMMlgkzUXvmuHDeaJ9fpHIFwU2t/wuVrhcgxbJsSoF1oCqufir096HcH8T/iA5RsvfaYBL7/IKX6BJSWvdbrgA5gO7LuesAGJlpaI2GrK2EEskPMi7lwPkFEgVSb548UR5WDBPS2yD3slMdFSJ+TAntltoISwX+8Ak2rwfgtnXeLWCr8rEKT7w9kieR+EXGsyz5GObDG739QjLiJ6HNf0KazWY+yGqg7wMjfoUAE+l0mgCuDWSheEKXHqWE4tdjPhyfjvJhLlmoLXv7hWTYmx6roa0T8cs931dCgK6TMJgrBNg2TXMB3HmQogintTkSrQn8PS6vhJsoH65KBNNY8it/NkBTgx++hKANrnUL15Cad0fDk+/j8WZjedhjNxhyT4NUEHHH8p8OgNBs/RHc/Ttl68sB/tT1Am/PV70X1Mg7nLHyZDgBr8vdRWbFkKkMfiR/lgjCXIAvsO+hB66tP7ZOOhdRzI3l7rxBiySTyVIxqlTUP0wGAwTqM4tOfCt/76iazea4UH9h7lR9vKU35qcKD3JT5sYAap3q/+mar7q/f7kVUmQI09oNjxxtVoDe6MYAtiBcd2LwRLB8qMNLiJ5wlmnOqt3Nh5BYTqcDT2qPgwjJiN0WQFD6OwgtIQTeIDrYhBYJZIINtwZAGpppTkBHvtPnwCBvDODmQqpAHmbs/plr+cMvtZCjgdsFGCxBETaVM+c4srozAG3n4YYB8gWDkV91B3xr+8YAU+q7W0XdP5UMzs8AsvcDAzzXI7ozI+WN4LHqLk+Gz+0YBviJwWcDWMdKQyVN7sU0uMAA95bgcJEwgH1MyBbT9nA6ejRoDHBnayLE0aYLXw8IO6PhsE8rhjWz/lEV/ZIBNh3HpR6cdZ4idPKgzm21SjLFwrNA0C/Q9+qGiAEe5jnXUQeq+xuaU+U32oNT7AOPWMxHIwsYd/tOcJ3iYYCHjLFluQdg6qt/x6UCFDkBTswpamKA58bVXk+0vQbAAC/cMEAMEAPEADFADBADxAAxQAwQA8QAMUAMEAPEADFADBADxACxYYAYIAZ4YwD/A3R3vlc1nQ6AAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Filled contours

![Projecting filled contour onto a
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Projecting filled contour onto a graph

![3D
errorbars](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D errorbars

![Create 3D histogram of 2D
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

Create 3D histogram of 2D data

![Parametric
Curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Parametric Curve

![Lorenz
Attractor](data:image/png;base64,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)

Lorenz Attractor

![2D and 3D *Axes* in same
*Figure*](data:image/png;base64,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)

2D and 3D Axes in same Figure

![Automatic Text
Offsetting](data:image/png;base64,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)

Automatic Text Offsetting

![Draw flat objects in 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAzFBMVEVHcEzz8/P7+/v09PT5+fn39/cfd7T////y8vL29vbS0tLx8fHr6+vt7e3w8PDc3Nza2trd3d3U1NTT09Pp6enn5+fj4+Ph4eHl5eXY2NjW1tb9/fzV1dXOzs7//v7IyMjf398Yc7KAgIC5ubnExMSenp57e3uHh4e+vr6Ojo6YmJh0dHS0tLSurq6kpKRubm6pqanBwcGTk5M3hbtmZmZYWFiCsdFDQ0Nxp8yqxdhQlMTM3eng6vGZv9rt8vW60uJenMfy9PdkmLv08vGzk8nlAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAH8tJREFUeNrsm3tzm7gaxiskHBAg7hgJsHGWJpNM96RJtj29t/v9v9TqBr6AnZ49bYN3pfxRj8fuML95L8/7vPKLF8O5MOd7z4vJY7gYgAagAWgAmmMAGoAGoAFojgFoABqABqA5BqABaAAagOYYgAagAWgAmmMAGoAGoAFojgFoABqABqABaAAagAagAWgAGoAGoAFoABqABuA/DeDKAPx/ToVg4FQrA/Dvhl+GWUOJA21rZQD+jfiDuMnwOq3jPAAcYmUA/k/hZ/lJ0tpt6+Rxgus2J2CekThTgJW9xMSP3TaGAAKSxzVmAqI7O4izBLiqAItcK5MAHX4kxDDhEDNKXHtOjWWOAFcowyWyURbCpQLYQyzD9D5ZZjwS0VwgzhBgZceJh2wFMBwAaoi4DdOUcYhwHhBnB7CCXh3bSPxl0SFAfpIAgqCMMKbziMS5AazgGmc8/PhBPgcYjQD6wAEAOkFBUw7RJ9B/1po4M4CVSzuIVABygG4xCVBmcw8xWufeM6bzrACurCCNmaCnI/AEwC3ErsFR4T8XxDkBrFCBA7uW8MTfkwDlgVwwLilOoyLwoI2qfy3AVQUphQgmtg5BFNDvAQgwH1KgIyAmURnISPw3AlwhHxcI2W5i6xDkAB0OEDwB0MFEKRwBkeEkLIMi+3WROBeAld2mRASem9o6BBHp8HpdBlz8gacBaohe1rK0w3ng/KJ0ngfAynVYqAqfrSKQB6DTNGDZRLy6lTxJwTGAHvb2tTZ0WMojMS5/CcRZAKxgk+aq9dp24iqSeVpQt4xcmZhpnBMoIT4FULSVqIQka2sO8edH4hwAVnbUOVr82SiBsgSGDAIGSwr7xMR1m3kQfg9AWgCnN3Fqjv5nQnx+gCuLJNEg/mxUc4DIS1qEPAVQD8GeMAbZsvEhfBJgCQb/QTphccYCDnH1TwRYoRL7LhvEHweIUI59/nIH4GDHRF1DC56X2zAkxwFuISb3SZv9FE/2uQFWMGJc/DHJT1Jk0A45RP7KYTBn+wkLYJ2XvK/QcoA4AZDlh98CuIhTYSf+cIjPC1DMbkL8CYBIhyDza56+4tUEQOnGcMFX0KE5fwdAoXU8ZSdi4YT9SIjPClAY94EIPMjcPgStpundmGmAoonwIdiTqpl3CC89/Aiss8O3ZKHk3xJOWKqdMIh+BMVnBLiyIItcGWuQ563UzsiOu6B3Y44D3KrmGqdr0Zx3PwbGYtvDu/6DhFg05D+ZfhREy4sLVp4XwFXepiVCKtqY0i7ISVrq9f0YnAQ49JW1aM6+s23OoB4BJHiPsDBxou73N6+Iepbs6u7i9dUdPSeAlt00DtLN12XKBMxwZlHSRyAHmJ0GKGCQVDRnEVKBnlcmIjDAh+8AmLZ/3HT6afKr6g7+dns+AFeWx9a51Y+9tgIY1wAhSnYi0H8aYJDKSOQhJfqKnJzHjk0wKpQ8q8GlezEAXN1V3c3ZAKyE0ivK3rfiADk5R+1C6FADIaYMH9S3aYCDG0NxEuaEd+oDgP4YIO/eVz1Aq3uTXb+6fnUmAFeWGzJQFQXaRiCwMrULQVGgI9DKuyXtVH3b+jHHAPZ9xedDXxdlZI87yJIxwDS46uc77+Hylf/wujoPgCsUpFzpIQEQ6QGEOnGtxmEJUPyLlk3CU1jVt7KvbycBaoikiWo9Ofcde1xLQVDnV2epA4Vx74vYK5eoF3+oblpbNWQU+fJtyELAnKzWyyMp+QSQMcBkVN0SAomanEVzFrpx3M2Bz5aX5wjQksa99KvaPgKt7L60KnH4O6Ev3Whccpno+DXo61srrsdkTh0cAPQnAAZAT866OcOcTgAMr88PILKlcS8CEGVxn8AtS+wvH99/fv/xS2VJgAUmYsBz/KF2idTM+SjWtQHYK29jgCQhg0wM5NCXF9Q9bMwZZTdnB3BVNjXpxV8WyghEoG6rr28fF5vNZvH43oozyxYGg70PsAfS1PsW9RTAlOzMdbI5r7s4J/vgM4rPDeDKAk2jfVOx9g3FP7z7Bp/ecnoLeTZvwwAkSxmjkHn+qHvyFBZTcB3rHgH8+iRAyd0tavWdbXMGedQ8nBfACmUpXaJh6eZHKn3dr4+aniT4rk2VnrEnAfImIrI5G3qEKpOnAPIwXIau/k7re1IUgTJe354VQEsMGn6MtmvfCIn0/ZOH32L3vHeRbs4cYHpkEhl6RFmyw80nSb0xQLhzy1CCL9r7l2cEsEIkafu0VWlMIp6+/pdv+/h4CFa6ObvMOxB5+zpQCZymC/N92TwBsO3vGQ6OVhkX96+3z9cm1awBCuOeJ6aIusF6JrRN4IjfYvH4SX/mKYAKSNYspWx2BogBPvwSjFt4aMasu7sHp3++9dXNw4wBrpRxLy8bDNs3FHSxNcFvsfhaKXvaZc6TAMWQMSyctMAZfwmGy4PpGLptdP3HS1s/YXd5eztfgBWXxUsl/gjt17/Ib5pqkt/mc9XXwOUSg4MKNwEQ9CVRCxwyBhgVcBSU2ev74RG7y4f5RiAXEcq4t8Wmso+/NvGp9W6CHy+CloxABNdJfS9n2p27HdMAdXlTNn+JDxycSYBR9rIbnvHlbXM3V4AVbbRxzxGCWpHkk64No89T/Babb4qxl64dgrN41ys9BXCw+fE977N71PcWnf1b/u16eEjn5UM0V4Cka9Eg/sTdKz77+liY+e8Xk2fz4U95xRz7lBAs2yYfx/pWOwI43nwGOAv3qYMJgMx/wGchY4LU3/p+bi1ys009TvHT4+YoQP6ZGiDGAepFkLD5uAh2YP0UQGH+QTUE41DPb2C86IR1cEPPAuBFm299P7t2Zfry19MFUAG0XBbxz2iA25/a8LhqsoMV3ATAGiqxsp352GjRCRNy3Z4FwFVbDr4fb6y2j8VFLFR9XRw5m2+IYOFW7wIczJWuSeLdPeYEwJzBnZIoBQ7ODscVkHrX5XkAXCrnWfURFoof0fC/Lx82xwC+C7B0pQ8BqszzxTKYaz59teMUwO3Md9/Qct+NcVLn0j8PgNJ51m0EdlQ5z9XnzdEIfBdB+RnEghFA3kTgruYD+7gUQHqommGa75jaynVNyRU4jxqonWdpwKQNkGiOdhAppC1dMgVAb3IS0QUu4RPcCBcoD99xAA70PYZBVpLUv7LOA6B0nqUyXqZeJNfmdvX2KL/F4qOeRHgX9o4A3Ba4tGkOchOU0Rgg6U3tXlaSJL+szgOg8v1scRNGbX1tIWGO8xNmAtIRuHOD/NjVjnCdpHt+DBj/NmL732hZiaMiKXdXIpTN140JqDKg5U9Yo0BcXTsVgLwJ65ppMQJOA9QJO4hEcATgfiDL/K+7hzdRn8Or369fw9kCJGL+5ekrliFqaYlOBeDmbdVfFqRt2XhPmQkcoMhmKRILkc0TP/Ec9SI+rrD7NzeFfkT7zeWtO1uADkMI0kh0X4RC4QquPp+ogIv3la1rZtPQ+1Q4fSd+J9LfAtYbOC4Swc6vtI8BFFtNut0pgf/mN7/NFiBgYsur1+axHEs+nMjgx9pSLcSlXQBxyYXwKTMB/kXdlTa1jWzRkrp7UGvfl7aEZDDgBBzCMJONZDIz7///p3dvd2uzjOdLirIrFeIKoio+ucu55y7Oh5zbTwy2yWyIGpvvBwCs7FHAovft1eZ05Syh3RdlBCxLzJcj9rf+otrF1Emy0IUYOFiWoh9LAGcRDzNt1cT2bDnHWEqse0257t3udJOIJM89k8ay5CiH+e1noEcF3RUC6KmBXrQsaYj7YsJyJ5t0BdEkUZd8xrK596uacm9RiYiWDZ0kMy8o/eeYB3+Tqj8tYoPSMJUADhVZZScR7okYxwGMOtJXwcr5jXTR+jR+UVPubVyYjBYIdd3qqAf/4JBzWCiNdgJgTz+6TTP0PiYdyzmABZlgboeZ44oFtS6K649nAiAVBh3WaLLOzI958PN3IkwcTcAwGGZG4u014eoU6+AgczSIBwCcdJB0ydc07jytgJ/nu92ZAGgigP3YblpVxZf1MRJoCE92QOHhYAGgEhOUvKoEmbHlO3Y7ivlADXG6dp7KEcDy4/WZALgSzmCBZr5J/zqiIzx/N3mb6PkjCaB7aOEac60UZDKfF0sAc2Opz3hzOYZE2YftuQCo5u4lJHlbXb4crUJouOlbUEAal/PiEzFBeqeww70enFzWPFitpF3cTwyTYNqUO3EA9cwpUuPQDS9/HiHR35kI697dAUDyOoCa9OGFPCB9ExCXLbiebOvuMZJEHrrvmzMB8DLQIQ2Fel8cqePWP6DyYDEbLZDX7n/cTCBF50vSN6SJ5arclGzjXAe2Stri3aSRab4TJwxgJJsgNLM9XN+6fDUJr7+ViUd5v/MPZYsI9ntISwC7jkgtYag+DgA4TzTSm5uHz3djV2735/aEAezkQkikpk7r1etJ+GuIj8S6gYdiQrFP+5YAqrkhrSXUUWrx/wJQ9Vacu93QF25v3l+fMIBQvlEDh9vk0CT9+7V25r+R7JfEXPdPqjZwG0X7sCg7CqBqfTg4xxA22X5amQ1n6YVE68obJzvuPz9eni6AebFy+4tiXLBXLHD9XJjykVpenYCIWTrJtu1SXx6QEJrGHQGwN8S2GaSHeW0yCwX+rTNJdKdsgRdZl6uDgHJk7RUA18+qFUJZTZSAnbLMTr2uxvV0Z1BkFmLCPjjYRXfnGthyus1yYveWTetNdsIApptoKIah0n3FAr+u9CO470/zxGed7TPOOBS0CY42yxnnxWTCEhyjRr1BDtToqfIltbb8OruiZ0JjWJOY/XARY4IepDHrT30vEzc3aSAIqQThkGAJhETiRjWyPQf9ExPFhPUtratfalfLOZCDeFguAcyvzDMBkJbhMFmOsx0/DyYQf+i+A24i4kYcAHxcYUjQEMGJRV42rhx4G6jzawBOiXNkl/sTg35d3K3OBMALp6LjaLngL4dkaOEN8x+Vm+TMs3OmDVCjCIZouPZTg2cS5NSQos4kLMjxzidUfJsWKrhZ99gT0d3lGQE4zLfRqhILPXX95Z/I7SeQqN1A+oDfZDRA/YKVtg9lRwL5wfHLQNZkJMiXZ1b3GndclJmSHgYQPRHeXZwLgJZg/Xwb5W21+rq/2PCJrOSGnCyAyycXV+VYj95ggYR3tsXBEK0sTCAjK0MUTbfnns5CAiN1qo/jKSkBuyTil2zKvQ2ARN8lwnI4bh1zLumvf/tBKY3UdhK8EEIkDWGcTC0QX/FQDBGRQD0boyF6WdPG4WxR5ACAgwaG3WMpPbi/ZlPurQDk2roy2wdTW72MiuB6/e0Fl1xVu5NyEXCraWIIcBMM1S/4FptERO6UYVJ3qV32yVZj6Cw2vYzE25MSiiJMxp6S2eUnDSBTZ3XQusBXwdRWP5/VcuF6/fyVYx/d7KTg4EDq8O1CGhiELIuxwQId/GsyjYgcDTHctmHpWYr1ZbIL5yzGQfY6Kzhi1GyuroZKpL673Z0ygHiQTV7XiaTGh8NZ3z/hcMfz31//WqkEU6DggNVH2mRMGxjSFh9eAVzMa0o2muOQVRy7tEaerTqf1sICFyNKBsmq938O0xyri+bq1AFENRBHfaka+DVXf728fN3+b9XPEQGAsvrIG0/TF/gZApQvjsCZISu7bIiHA4YAK6Ctnwskz8azHY2/R/oO2GReXO8uBx7j3YtTBtDEczCl7asZQXWrg5m8KtV9CWmBeWlGwuBRbPEZ9+PozEHYOIyTqQXiF7BWl408G+hNAYaYRU96yujYhbwi341HTtI/rvkpA7gSFo3UaR3W3+qgnp2u5IUTNTxYdmFAiKhGhHovBf5sb+yq8AibmSBHVjjNKkBvggTqvMyWyuAoUR8CsMsnTbnm8d3DSQMYpiLSxYi61aEMEmfddIli5htIH0nHJgANf1Yhh2I4xsErxgaAWZE4bObTkt7kzdaGrKJ2IvSAzIH916j88HQ2NOZStFlvavpWhzLIoF/Bod6mwglMNjHAHkMjjrjERjppKbMKxr+onlCcAUOW2m4q6Y1vDQWfHy/XN9Ob9mwA9DalOYzHpGCLXBpkz55x4CMpbXsDKPOFBUpWMzppmAh0Zjay6mlWAbduUALDmVU8pAWGGCZ2UCTL7cNf1JR7GyIdpkMxTNNgpfPxwJ5pVBssasJYFJq19LAQ5mKeVejozAy0OYkgJjC+tECW2452ZqRBQG9SBwq+5GlfSyCV964+GwAvFHVRFugGrl6joVSxZ1ZB+qgqgqqfYi0DLEBfPDYrRxQ2xdOmUhRxxFqFRWvUwKSMGMdh6WR2FuLi3NBYsYjw76LziYFqV0k3h9s+H2v2bCUFc5KIc8VGyrACDBU2rECD4hNfVRA6SU5SyLjdALb8wqLYmKdwJSM2T8JznHRa8BkAYHk+AObFsKfO6pbRfm8EKA2kjgz4cK7jHGVi+7R92ESYLPDMxywoKqgUfZaCQq3rPWVxgSB8L4Xj435TIM/OfLz9qTp8Bqm9SVPu5F247IazqHEg6CBu5cWqtL2xzOAsvH/X5Kn78UMMATGu2CwtKyQhLKYDfZaBLvfBEDkPK75PIlHD8eBxVVxLGVHOx+QeAGhNujb8tAFUV7Jkq80lgvXSqVkWhbBk70h75+rq5mJVRM51wnm6we6HZH5TA1RhcSpTp0gRXSMM90ik4uGelmYnMiLy7M32cQRwd3+fnjSAalcJi13LHG5uU7ywCBQvFMYIR3JdhVd3BZTIkKqZkwsgww6bJAvIsz4/QJ/FplXizZRESnN12fTBThqi5dkPn2/7yQ7zkdx8PGkA9bUY8DGqT0arq2ONTY064BOnA7oc2VCW+F2ChiPNBpzZ4zpZsC4x+LwkVsqWiFJJETmbVctuXy3PZcQqacSj2+8m8ceLh5uTBhCPnVAiD5Qzpa5i+evZkR01BZ0rBJAjHm6ebh62NXFkVqFZ1sU9uwmW9BlhxUwu6TPWe8hf9H+H23gLsJGFi+b959thW/jy3r7bnjqA1FeL6vpktKyGPVZAnAvSqX4PX8La2+52u2YLoHRNllzDO8ZWUoBxjh+gzxx12FGUQa+XNIilikXO0Qa8i6q8fWqL4d8nbt/TkwbQquRsm77nRNTdmNrCT3BlssIdtGcZ92lQkdRLESu/+PD7plPJIthtN+WcPSv39ZtyEudUvdd5Gr8DFliI7L79Ve/tTQAkopOfz9BfPMbqIwR/RJrXv+O8Vwk4EfA9rrld9UTK2gd40+73+wwqiyl7nqiqe1kF6r1atC7bR1van0hvNxfnBeAmGO4uMmFRakDMwk/A1SBwyUVqtBrOrV7Ukij52MfkENzC9I/NyoTsXNRxMNG1xjw7j3P/b+9clNRUgjBcClMwgNxUFJSF4qLcBcst3//NzsxwB/esOUn2LC6kUmWiSSWfPdPdf/8DYGcZR70eCbR5CmiIX8FMCuBBt9pOhDZYlD62oFZZuiXGca2sVuueqFXikBNe9G/0KghQ34y7M6xrgQ/2ubpc5NHXIq1VHLGgJasdhVPAMBOLwCNs7/xpLNB+WM6O4GDlITRmweHw6tZyGAe9Mf2UdRItC0lMLrYyd8RFS1tWww5xLGvxsB4gN/M9FH97deW4zNQALsmDpirtWTZQ96FVcTNYemDPCVu9SqONiIX/36YIXMXLzoWNFiyo9jkV7XNitc3R4qrsp2H5ecKPaud7RCkj/BJmcgAPx/ahXcA6Qqhg2QkOIxCXySwow6uSBuu6g0Ofl1QvUBJU3qx0EqJwSSsWCS8Ukst8LRdUBQ19Dyzsq4hkvrfa6mzvhvnLQ/nz2wM0Os8IsXZlOTcefjQqMyyVvNqdUKr36DUQ0sLMrNw9Wujji6PKAZrdI9raTg/PsiuCJShlVRaOVEQ8LinyS7flWDgXRo/j3fcHWD8jBKWPjbgOrN50qGGI0nKvwa3yLZSbWR1L0dTCMHV5i16baeaZO5HoplfXPqWslwUKDw5bDn1ffQmH7IcbdXW5hB0V67C9vJ2tIPz+AMuzSgCX00Dg9hucRflGZymXL/FujNRQtERNvS7nys+TXIRecYFVFIWO/ih+cIGXumnq+rm1yUPXsnQwiECUlzk+zPsrFsTLeCU53x7gG54ekVva8Wh7FwCu+9ramep4N0ZqKBAtU20cHh1zAtRl9KYkI+iyxC5plpZSL7bE4P26FxcL96yBno4NNhwbZsMe80afPTecAMBt3X3Ya77d5tbHUj6pTQYjNRQP5RAILN+TT3akQVKGQxKKtud6Btr/DitJ0G7OZoFyvHnsb4KE31ByAef3SDqdtt8foL0nR21gaRzvdFwoN9qIDNAqUXVoHlpVVqNSaKktb+i9owJaDYymNNMNuA040JqVBIXzXkC6J2SjjYO9jiWrA/PbPumvuY/0bn/A3QevKhAO5DnUf6i2vqbAyNSBt30i53VcMjKpsiE+99RrVlB8b7kgMM01vUTVuKZbutAkKqKrLqKI+RvX1wDUtA1KH/XsqF87423OWpN0O6is6zaDavpbPALR9yyrar14BUuaIg/YCHLXs8XlUvBS9MPYVpssir+/xe+LAG4sg6+M43DYtqJ6TinJtIbKZkoOBpYsIt1w3prvDeB5NzUtbb8LLZpHG2Ih8JRwjj03L5c9+uZY/8pMGOBhbQIi/lFwHIFEVSBkmuKmDDhbXcC+S7rcznhzhzZEIt2Ufxl9jba8y1lOQuMih9IoKr2k1NK0ADHHaSaVXXtnGpZpaE4JIK0cV6QapqiRgCC0al6nuMHCtNHZEduABdWYkhg8iM5CgbUq2zQdJKDyF3mxszmgWhrzhAvFS263/t0+zZi7gAkBRBVaailkl4P9RNsfUnaKG6jL3WhtA7YaE4FSvSc6C0pA7AJVg41oxesKTXMmhcp3HOGLzBncYEJAHcnbhACurvdbbsm6tF2ANg2X3g1xqNCXcrJl1IaDfjtRyn+1RsDudU7XiHQj652dgab3vm9ltqfQK5PPR4e6ilC4iFNKIuZ6m56dzNIJQ9BMbRX1wZASQsCahrGubUbddmJr9jdSPFeXsHSD4g92z5UUnOCauW+6LpueRxMj43I9TWkJVwaP5Oz4li5LJFMQ66k+avkrT+C+6oOrZQ/7eXnQMqOQLbzBwRJAQ5pSVorFJ84DVBuTYiYHEF1bFzH0DFnGiulCVQYdfzPlIPUOGBY3pXtttI9iS41C5p6bwQ5Bs2sxcSjmb15f/mC+lRs6EWKo7M09DccRCEuvUetJ1ddGWdyUdQ01jECUQgwJEmdcYwSp2LLmynUGN4t+gxMHiDWQIHT8PDOkdmbWmVJqpthVk5viBthGx+PWjUCj6ot7A1KI5+2r4MT2Cyqo5on7Ag+pZ8P7JQrQWt41k3LYUe9HarKgHD1rBcA4AmHJr62DNrVAwWJ+/GA6c0yyIHgBgMxxBazr6epihqumL4Ow8d73FzYAurGrRX7Y7UuoUlfom7VsFVXZa9E79WsVUFhR6iqTX8LNBa2oZkgN8vJATcZ3AcZ6zLFT3JRvqzYYWF9KLRv1xOf3vouXDh0n+M/3ePqOADFDM3LCRJVl3NvibEA9iMBa/oP94oaq+PVNCdXCVoXg/Zr3Fuvufnk/e29TAwg/E3wB5yOGaxSHpk3DRxGInSCtyN8WN+Ub1CgCMb+NGQt9uXQZ3a2Lv2QmBnBzij8/iwtUxDC/HmV703UOVdMPltMA1bUdkGyLKpaFqo1tMWTFq1szHnxxYnG+X+M9MzWAqQ+eEj7o4H45p6akK73uA9EQO0eF20yBWziP47s5vF396pYboTpQQPY5ZnIA/YSJ+adUa/tNzpyS4XbR+NKqQw3dCKzrZ06x1WM3h9cfUvfHWPuiTfyvAwzOavwL+46UO+fclCvRoXXZDyMQl8l7UFUsQpXD64yz12ObeRWAtH/6xUNpdlozRImi67LvRiDhVyVmVNxIm7a4MTQ5lpiXAfhA4Bc/3RN3RPySdds2xV6j0kSgyO3BwMFQSgnQ0JRYZ14ZoOucnggQLH7lWSpL++4JztoHInLbQWKuihsoa/boBgiL5UsBhIzfs1jsdQA+qIDuJywgyvWYpLH/ieW8vRuUWIZFxY1lrU9Dfru79VIAmV23RKO1LC4+kNctXnRDx/fkimE9RRc/SszAkNL7bQCQik6vBVC6dLOKaKW+oUFz/2/iV1TIrejwODGTX+j29mTag+e0RmHsvxRA/3buRQQtADdyfIUTDh90fXwRnjBDHTMs+T1IzKhQVh4dALHy9/NrLeEH8qCZclFsJJb90YmhhXc9XQNd1jXsMaSoRxEoS5vHi9WVXx0gdfNW2GCVRf9SgCysyLkWhXvcdcd1jcEIyLLwBw/QTArgWxZj6zelJ5/oDgszvp8CAxWI/cP+mJ8kr/7oAZApAUzCMCIy3edaXSIffSd0VUm3N92xMVB08eQyPxSgd32//ILTEayxgKgqHeEG8eOd/4PfN9kDGfcXN6+DgYWbtVK6RShg6+wfPkAzMYAPEH0Wkm86ZshJ+MzDTqKG/BRX/9EAAyd7YlHLOWHoFd4o/pL8cvzBADfv/pMOSDs/327W+3s26qcd8wcDVO/B5dnxhXFK4hwoQ8Ul83/yErZvb0/rsODhWo9uJv+DAb75cfR7D1tIskz7wQBRXDHTuL4twPEluPoM8DcuOk4v+gzwNyrr81/wFfwkgNBxv6aye1WA7M37/H5DwI+oGeBHfVv2ueKQRdl1BvgblyPvTzPAp0vF8HQQHKebWc6cPQN8+lrubodrEpw7v2XFcTADfP660M6uv2YViZkBPt8xXw6hZzr/679h0ks4ul/VOF7PAP9rAIqsyECKmQFO+ZoBzgBngDPAGeAMcAY4A5wBzgBngDPAGeAMcAY4A5wBzgBngDPA+ZoBfjnAfwCxP4MwYJLv3QAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Draw flat objects in 3D plot

![Generate polygons to fill under 3D line
graph](data:image/png;base64,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)

Generate polygons to fill under 3D line graph

![3D quiver
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D quiver plot

![Rotating a 3D
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rotating a 3D plot

![3D
scatterplot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D scatterplot

![3D plots as
subplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D plots as subplots

![3D surface \(solid
color\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D surface (solid color)

![3D surface
\(checkerboard\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D surface (checkerboard)

![3D surface with polar
coordinates](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D surface with polar coordinates

![Text annotations in
3D](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text annotations in 3D

![Triangular 3D contour
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Triangular 3D contour plot

![Triangular 3D filled contour
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Triangular 3D filled contour plot

![Triangular 3D
surfaces](data:image/png;base64,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)

Triangular 3D surfaces

![More triangular 3D
surfaces](data:image/png;base64,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)

More triangular 3D surfaces

![3D voxel / volumetric
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D voxel / volumetric plot

![3D voxel plot of the numpy
logo](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D voxel plot of the numpy logo

![3D voxel / volumetric plot with rgb
colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D voxel / volumetric plot with rgb colors

![3D voxel / volumetric plot with cylindrical
coordinates](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D voxel / volumetric plot with cylindrical coordinates

![3D wireframe
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

3D wireframe plot

![Rotating 3D wireframe
plot](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rotating 3D wireframe plot

![MRI With
EEG](data:image/png;base64,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)

MRI With EEG

![The Sankey
class](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Sankey class

![Long chain of connections using
Sankey](data:image/png;base64,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)

Long chain of connections using Sankey

![Rankine power
cycle](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rankine power cycle

![SkewT-logP diagram: using transforms and custom
projections](data:image/png;base64,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)

SkewT-logP diagram: using transforms and custom projections

![Spine
Placement](data:image/png;base64,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)

Spine Placement

![Ellipse With
Units](data:image/png;base64,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)

Ellipse With Units

![SVG
Histogram](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEy55vT///795r395r395r255vT///+65vT95r255vT95r3////////95bz///+55vT95r225fT//////v625fT////+//+35fS55vT95r395bv9/v625fO35fP95rz95Lj95bu45fT95bv95bqz5POw4/Ow4/P8/v795bn95bqz5PP+///95ru25fO05PO15POx4/O55vS45vT94rT8/v/95Li15fP84rP95rv///+25fP3/P265/T94Kz//vyr4fH//v795Lj95Lf95buz5PP+/fmt4vP9/fyz5PP6/f3+6sf947X95Lm55vT8/v/94rK55vS35fT95r3/9+v9/vz/+/T947Wd3PD//fvy+v3+/fr95Lf1+/3+4rD95Lf947X94rL84Kv5/f7+/vz/+vHr+Pyr4fL94K655vT/+vGZ2+/+9uf94K3////C6faj3vD//v2h3fD/9+n+/fv7/Pv+3qf//fv836z+7c685/T/+e76/f696PT+7Mv95rz+68n//fr/+/X+79PA6fb9+fD+8+D/+/Xf8/rg8/rF6vb/89///fru+fzw+v3/+vP/+e+05PP1+/3947X+/v665/T9576w4/Pm9vv+8+Gq4fH+6cTM7ff+57665vTW8fjU7vi55/S96PT3/f7+/fr95rz+6cS76Pav4/P3+/34+/rL7fen3/Gs4vL98+D1+/275/X+6sfR7/f4/P3h9Prn9/vH6/bs+Pv+7MzW8PjZ8vn5+PPn9vv/+/Xm9vvx+v3+3KP+79f96cL+3anT7/j+8Nf0/P3m9vv/9+j95Lf+6cH+6MH/9ub//fna8vnj9fr96snG6/b/7c/x+v3/8+Dl9fv//fvb8/n97tT+8dr/9uj/+O6D0Ov5z4PL7ff+8dn+7c/S7/jf9Pr/9urO7fjg9fr/6L/H6vb+79b/6sHI6/b97Mm65vT////+5r7/57+75/W86fi86Pb/57675/a96vn/6L//6MD/6cD/68L/7cO+6/q/7fu65/X/6sH+571IHYohAAAA7HRSTlMA8Of4+/3//v3+7fL8+ur49PXZ8dDA7uve+O7d1bHm5aXU6dfHoXeUx7TMtuSxzqe8hfrijN2+ynfQ9sX3+EPhb8usntuapF+xrb1gb8L8toCr07mRjdCRNeqskrl/W6mYaVTjnYmQVzu2fCafYsFOT9hD15hyM7hLP5K38J+H4XLxyJN0V2tsbWVXYfW6o8GDOs+GrYiZRomZZ6qMk9x4MX1llqlMf/uLeWCALoAzhqZssMShmWpzoUCDPtL4xsooqp4epFdO18/mjFStwpZJ4eC/1oe1210rd8GvGRiVgbW4U0q/q/ysuP7L1NPGpp0AAB1LSURBVHja7Nx5UJNnHgfwhgRykABBIgQQCZAgNyQRkbTIES5XIiAsihRvRUUQRLyoOlZFUVzr7Yp4sxZ1dNRitU7rrtp1Vkdn2qpd6zFd687szJv3fZOQi8yb7JsGBUe0QB5nHtr3+4f/MJNXPvN7rt/7hA8+oEKFCpU/cNRUnAoFSAFSgBQgBUiFAqQAKUAKkAoFSAFSgBQgFQqQAqQAKUAqFODvAjDnbPGxbaXNX1/9J5mrZL5uLt12rHj2+GHv42kPdtUV12X99OgWmSX23Hq06vjsujnFNUMRkMnlchvaHy/8rProkcyCEfNHjCgoiBOvlGTvPb3w8tIaLpfHY4J7GvlpXO6uDT9eq7g9Yeee4PT0mJiIiJjgkqTy5fVPrmeR/xcmc4gBRud8vu/FbslJcW6UItbb28/bnsIxgqi48ISElosX911qrAL2MM+pjQuK7uxfvVOekV4WNlYUqlQqAwKUosjEiODp+Un7KxcUpyUPJUBmw+gL+/Zmhwv8OEKVG9KpJQiik/zXDXFzk3rJCuMzJfNOL5zrG+3Cdf5hw6JdAm9eT5khnxam9OCz2TbUhpHR6TCDjs1m8D1E6fnLb2b5TEkeOoDJczc9PTdijB9NqCL1tJ14T7Q4S+rFkRUKxAmnDt1rdAEw0T7f8qytJIbUc6czUMyA9cRgMGAoSRhalv7ls43jhwigS9WOHadSxbE0wmLRaEkzAumJnVCjJ38gDYmNk9Q2jd9RNc6JZ/F8RtUUVZTLy5TubHOX2WS0lx7aEzui0dplpa9JlM+ofDDKhzcEALMONz1VyOzFh+NInyHIH6ikQppMUdDSdHiqMzPthoq1eyJE9tpjk1hon9FhqH0kh8a0VWyIhh7Qd9emWklUiMWi176Fz2FIaPUWjdAv98ziQ82D/q3SKsvLp+f5s81m01vwXlaiyWx2FWXMPFFUBTvg+MvzznkLWe/C6zWgVUKZ4MzRwU5OyT8syhjrz2Dr0H5Eh7r6h8krGrdCDehZekUiln2k0fYLkJwONSqOQHz+/tysAS/HNXMqHx2YFsq3WX+j+l4NZBPqH7ZzbVEaxIDJ33f8VcHRapD+B9e60QQJtQ9Hew5s57z1eEp5RijdZupX+XUbmhkBGTOLhvGgBTy2eXcUh6XVDghQwyIX5N2Hcga21M9pO1gWwDcYDQMBNBnpooy1jWmQArqkPVwcxUEGUn8OQz1Bi0+9O6uh38PYc8pf1soD6P0cvL0XEys9YGdFUU0ylIBTLx+NC9IiODJgQYJFKyxoae53i+HB/oN5a+goNlA/+8aQHvmvE9/6QAl49vTJVqkFGURwjcYtNvxGc05VP6ancTnLVu2Z5mE1GdFBxGh1D5u5Ak7A+0cU0kHUnyNuwqD5R07f68expO7a7T3k5sWGDio6Hdt/+upx8AEyR5feiA/RDNYPITQq77js6s8n/tbZo25LSn6ev0mnGyygyVUUU7nMEzrAnOpM2qDrzy6IEDRFwsKHvu9aSpi8nB+XBysZNgwddMiDXeiMjVOYcAHyXEolUYTeGUBcw6IpUqvbj7+r/j6+WV4SQDcanABEsS4P+Wqf4XAB+k68WOCt1SBOBbd4CVIff/yu48eK+j1KnRV1LmZ+4pdZPkyYAJmBm9ePoXVqnQNEyINdbva2dzxnyr+TRHzM6CSgibFm2s1iLlQVGFidGsTCcScBcYLwy/058K37wXHrDiS6G1DMSUCMTS9bvh2uITzrlNhLjzgfN2mIuOPC255SlBTp7oo6H+x/ofl3YAJMnvjFJwqVBQAgotfGS/bt8u2z+5fVJh9ptoEA7PJI/zTLBx7A6HuTC4JYGhCAWiJEMO9yn8f9OfXyUL4JgB+qs/JFSdeLoQIUeCFaEIA48TeZpGl0X0+pXJ7OZxtAAJLLiEf+E5gAHy6OVSE4AiQWaW7L98Pe2GTwht2Ri8wYED/UgPKn19fBA+iyOdtbAwpQz/Iu2HT2jVmwauPqPH9QgBjGCE6ZDQ+g7yGJTA8KsBP5SFH7nzcAj9fnj2QYQQEa2DHlP8ED2NByMkiPAItGdubKG32tdTOmMcBMgPZVxGBLTFoFEeANMQcgoIWW+7T09aOW7/jKg5EmEzhAQ1jJI3gAPzw/ggayAoXeKw8vfe2olfbVzEkeNmAVSI5hUfAtaACZH/4S7wUQUKui5U6+1LsCmWkrFoXSdSABlTFLIKrAXwReGnCAOELEpn7xWgUGri3xxwbbRO0TMCDi9wuIEHq/8Be935wxHxyMoVtRcMF0kAHG08AChkSdv9Bz9Y0XuOpApCtYQKiGcANgQETvVbj7Xk9rekrjzYiRbBNIQAyuOfDnKLCAWlVIwuOes2r084o8OtsIFDA0fQlEqzBoQBwRimt7jlpTtpSH6lAMMOAtiCqQ3AeCBdSqRmSX9urkT1hjBQwI0z5Q3XA+DuRJ5Nc7W/GS5lefP/xT+UgrqgO6iIzNgAnwbmYIUEAEJ2Izr/Y84O/B/iDXYHIbaAvbCdFRruFKQhBoQL/5V4d3dxSSx32X524CC8gumwBRM8F3U6ofsH5g9x1qWuyp9lG/fjp36pYDAXQDWEDX9NtZMHWk5xWyAANK/bIfOy5dctufZLgzwAKi/IwKiDrS0d/WKoQsLdBVRCpLPey4acRdWp/u7gpyF2h/JyK/NhUmwM/mc1gasPuYIMllx/V93oKUCD5YQCtdmQ8ToEt79blWFshlBMdZIWeqHYDcBcvL6GyQQxgzu4e1fQXROxGAL9ZfAbpxEqodVxS422cmMsAC2l+sz4boxbqaOaslTmgBu4+hnWzqBpxTnucK9hxiVsqhutqhZo7uOEnTuhEgJ0Gv8KPdgEWLwlCggGzXsBn7oQJUp91LbZUCBdQIM49+0w04I9IEEtDGcI9JWQDX9baqhbUCTifIjYxFJe7Y4QDcPwHYlQTHJoa+puRJO2T3A9sffuLdCXIjY2HFre8GrEwK7QIJaOYntj2H7IIlz7d5fZSbBuAYtiDvDbDLQ/7Dg2FwzYFq9cS9J73wziFQgRj6X1H5RkBf9gIIePy0pFWoAXce1ktfnwOBdQONbP9JKRtcoAOs2Xa3QKYHtowQGqG445uXgGMB9qOtjLB/7M/ZCh2gmnlfolARODjA97SN0flPb4Pwq15k5k4OD1LpwW2kewMaQAEajXzRIki/bFh374iAZgF4EmnqOYnYgAEalNP+1A4noG/glTOtGkCDGMdp4b3OwmxAgJiRETPhzjhPKAHJQdwRD6otiCOcV82E7TPzGGAAMRM94OCWdeB+Y7CAnlmXVgqEejAFyOIkvOwHbgfWD8Ssa9KfLYD1byaoeYGlHQlBBI6DAFQFvWrpN9YD+n6DEaMnLnpW5QIroFo9+mG2gkNoQawhwtZe70SC/YG09MkBvOfEVJC/MPA/vHPh4pEolZ4AAEiLbVnqWCyZOdsnBdABvBe2dY0sWZ1TAzOgWh14KFPm5QYAMEjwYpljrDGj//zd/9k706CmzjWODyQxIZEkhCUkEBKWsIQ9IWzpDZuAbEFQNgFZFNkUEUUWEXBBEayAYlEQlSq21CuLWNc7LrhMx4V+oFrUXmvt7WhnhJATyCIG7onBaupKEmzi+Hxgcg7Dy7y/eXl5z3Oe5/+nqaLHC0q0OrxMtdNVPUAM8xY1WvnG11EJLurci8oE3YQHSUpXJnD5AlTSqVhtdQc4NPRlcCCDACgN0KP0/F9DblNBbYyQj6J5VuKH1B9gYm4wyQxQ7jyt+uosvhDq1brm7EoNAJjX8TCYhHwyrgzBEQk9JFOuPtBkUimAQjFkjlt7bYy2BgAcwpzMtTZUruASQGgFNrysXdGuTacp9yzC5ZpQigeLVD7XmRGhzYupCTYEn+kUPs2MjBFwrgdeAVjFtkMPixSnJ4SYpBZvDtLWEIBD+t81tLlY0JXQP0G6tF1tfJmm6LjSZ66j8L8RAUzPkrK8M2gGZjpTQtwGBxvynY15Ywqm+EeeMWz6/eT6RK7ZwZ4qmkB4CrHamVUb6qBBAIeYVSuOkHBIugRQAOHIrG88mr+XG8+nx434p0KVlEIdPbLVVz0lMTMyzxkDqOsT2XHC2t6MM67AIuRxLKjyzYZDfiWLvPQEgukfXsRiPcvU8M2JBnjNAijVQz7Yv8vG0Bj7hMeb1jIcAZ5h7XdVy8vS3s65E2AuEE9HM4vLFUwIoWgvf7fyBUtsZ2iWMwgQrovBV8f7OkcjOZJZ0wIoGWUcPeOgKz8aZm14ip5gcjpnwclJAYQcEZeedQiDma15AKUxd+nC49bf2oMMeWNjUln49+i3SVXieXQLF+rxv0tLw4e0752imKOGxeIJIffdL4n54LFlQjwhAPc+imf52mWJGukn8iJ6Tze1UQ2ltgQIxHsXHwLBIWjtczm6/426MTd6AmhkPQhMR+e95Ws6MKmLg11r2pot3jM6vZkHqB0ZeX5/ga8NyckMC65DnjQAacgsHp5/BJ7f5Y2NEsxYITbN+Ut3vGnWcJ+6nvR5AUnmRJhoYmJCJBIJpTHl3iB4fgHeBL/HhRJNIig709uX1TX6DWk4QOlfX9eBmiProqJcnHDGZkgsnQMGQrYeEdIALwlaSAuGcbRh9qP7R1acDh2Cv3lXzSnpKT/lmESbU0FGE8G1CIaOzvMFCX6VXkEhKDTZxNzKrqVlY2XJWdvnv17TAYKHOD9T5uLt8fH5zUcD7Z2MkVpaWCyWQOcgOHQC+ElLywLHIgW6+gbH15xfzDR9u7gk0+C2T8KeLHaaZxwliVZBRKFQehAIFAQHheihUEQi2TIixc1zEfvClVif2wYG+jM+tY/o6pV39erW/bsvHzvWHUh1dg4h2bu4GLrY25NCQpyp1Ozffrvcf6b6YaH2e5czPLKq6s5Pey4+ftASQEnx97ezS3J3d0+yc/SnUAICWh5c3PPr5qrfO/Q/zqw+IkAMHo83KvuCufDn3Nz4hoKm/Eww8vObChricxsOmpZ9UaZvhDd6/3ED7g2Os37bNu26zRcuZGWxi4vTFy1KTy9mZ2WtudRZf3P9tvVG+AR9+CcHcCq8DZYUFnYkJ3d1LZVGV1dycnJhct70nxN0mUGFhTn19RkZC8DIyKivz+nYkhzp83Gn8w8Y873uT6bsYoEP/XPx2dnwM8DPAD8DVGTb0mca+IFhYMrEY5Qax2Hl1EB/yz584gB1bbec7ezsHOz8vTCIqczZKC/mu7MHwOi8mujwyQPUdQhtLKrbEBsbu+qHG7XFbDY7i31984K1q1bFbthQVzT3UOMHvvTxC2qMDO09v2Ng4D9/nPm5qaEAjBVnzg0MDOw43xs6t1FFOvlqBxBfVDXYHlZ5+FprXx8lxXE+GI6OLRRK31fXDveEtZdcGvwwfzR4xy//bqr5etOu0nXrurujSKRsl2xSVHf3usDSXW0nahoOdBlgPjGAmKD61ffu3n1c7im1X3WPsKKZm5DRaCKaXDHHnGYV4W6XEhA3Ly384t17iRnvss7TX9K1/da5vc3WrjbUEHtDlkc0zphhgURamDFwTh4s8NnQ2eao9f1b525tj+ny+zQAwnUxGJ8rl9rD4/wjLMlEiI5wKhElkMZUEkoA0yOiK8yTWsPZFzLAH3jj2VjXG2P6Y25mG5W1j4HE0iXAVGIMGAX+yoqNcrBIhlM21TU4Pvfg2wbSLIDecwt/Wlbu5h/hZYLWgw0LJsRiWTZPJEvfSXN74C3BMAyKqvByp7j1XbyT88bNMLJ697FSGxILZ0GgIyS8MWm8yC9K04lgjI/xJAi6FgPn4RLoev/4ya6VGg5wtrbPygz28lQrNFQgFIgEgrcaccm8bAXDEHREXHF70esEvRcnx/s647Q4EmB0FJD3jJUvDgZAohIJ1pjkml/zJXNxmQYDhOPrK0+12NEqUNBhWeKY/64CPr7UoBVch+6tYfWvpWVst25ydrIgICQgO8mI5F2vVp4HgoDEGZIe7d26UGMB+tyM/eGwp78XalLqvvphAqhcrujpBISWFtZoKrd9GeXtzrexePJsDBj5oIob6QuqcR7dzNDG9zKz19ZbIwEmlvS0eKFRkGk6gPCH/yTO9xyUl0G2PdsUGI0AplmuhOAQkAzD0hUPTTUQoMPaX5fHWaHEE6Jp67eLdcipF7bIA2zI98COTbdkbpQ3Ng4Yk6y//r4XrnEAi8J20tAwhaoiwY3QKm2BvAzyiW+RCjagzCIYZzfvx2sYQKOgjQFWKB2RQKGyUv5rui74vc4KtkCN8AA6I6S0v1ejAG6LrYwjw0SKNsfwxWT/xwkvd3640cAjluKdtLxRAsu3vwyjOQDhNzbaWUKEiptXTOh5tda+WmB5IpuheBcjeNBGenT379AYgAmxG1PJImW8P4Qw4qvydA4/FrD+pYy8Ho+HYLn+wfTWEIBBlXYVEKV627jDEEr7y5LchOpm3KhSxp2jI1rRpftNNQKgT1H5TkuBUDmAXP6rGqcyjVal+iYAHiGk7XivrgYAPHQ9VfnWQO4k7dpLlV2p4YuyfdzAEyTLd+tidQcI1159Z14ERGn7S67APOUVqXYVKKWPACMWgZt2R6o3QDimqCSNRhQp3Z/PFVbMX+U9dZbWLfsfSwV2GzwOw7mgGq+rzgAdcmo9HYkwgdIA+VwirXyLLKc8e3V1lDFB+S5uQPINzubE1kPqDPB2CdsOLVSB6DifD5mz6NILGeRfqEiOKjSRxuk419xkNQYIX39nngmUq4LufC4XWhHeKettm30yPgSrEoAAAmvfvF2NAa5c2yftjOaqAiAMPa+9TgYwuSmboCLnTsCYetwWr64A4TnXk9CqkRzncyeJbtdvygDuzjRUlXOnBLtv14pQNQWYFxMWbq4iiSE+V4CKu/ICYDBLVULzEoDgnHlyiYNaAuz4b5o7UawyuwBUXJhMYmj20mCWRFVK/TzAeF38oK1aAlywJo4MVZXtB1ekl/oXwGaPUVUBBHhYp8zTpmoI8P/tnWtUk1cWhldMICRADIkYEsAgBCLXYFJIIhbQSFHBQMMqErxUuWi9RJlOlYoIoohaFae1aGttrTptZURX0TreOjjWSztOaWesxWldttbO6CxN+JJAbsaESUYoUKEEsmmPrm//Cr/O4lnnO+fsffZ53wnKpZmJJDCZv94A4/RQALVaNZVffWy0D3IASzc0hlQa4aRO7URZYyfA46lxOhuYvq2OnVR2awULOYBFN1Rj/cyAAEkhjbmdACMUVkCAntTghlMxyAGc+t5MDgVQrNhCCVnbDfABnLptu1quSN+MngjtuszJHmZQgM93AfwogvEA0i7HMGb8HvRkkH+/k2eENI4aRoBWguDoRMQAxrz0Zk6lEdB1pu1nayCkY5OBHndnQRYZKYBOA2U/SMeFNnP3LrzAsQtDAtQLqYK8E2hp6edmZHNuQ7oeOTKRngdpGyRAm+cHSQvfQAtgSkUI0QIKEOuVC8tBAdqsjPH/QWsNrDo52wMSYBtG4ezoUY0RegH6HKi1VlF4E0oAR05aHSulwAJ01gM7Ac4pWcQGBkiNPzo9AR2AIzYkx9KAHag9uJJVnTLI9S9G00Ft/2w6NmPfuyg5G55ZOcOv1QgMMHNlj5I+LMCfOWj/5gCVGwqkFFjjMhMxcH7nnYjvijwBQQ4J0JHO0XvqE/72AGvmB5phDZSNHGnFxocyyD5Fm54NEEI7aAuW16IDkPV9NhfYgdpYmXMuq1MGeVL+HTEdGKBn9P58dABWrZ9Hs0OeAtuM2FjZt11NBMyEC9MIsAbQelvS+G0IAYS28HYAnPF+d3PRxC/4odAA49Ka0AG49WYsB9bCG6NEqq53LxF7I0QGUANorU0h+BgZgOSt/50N7IHeSpQld9vXjticzrABA2Q8+zFCMxAaoMmDM3Nl9zEj5tYuMVBvQhfAdrQAXoEFiNmJgZIbxT0O6kuCqWodMMBPn2CAFm9e5vkeTeaX8sKBHbRtjGCkACbCArzPla3vYfwxYVltWTysg/aTDbDDJM3sbfxRWM0n6GEBLnpyAWIkv9gXFvcaYdSp3aAG0KjNwJuRkOdAMzHsrZqiXiX339Uf8g8FNIBG7BwInIlYvCefS+l9cevDPJsm1sHtw1q1uAyhTKRq/VOQubC9UvL9Iy8Dz+4WyOEMoPVq/30I5cKsbySVYNUYRxYiVdU80nrx+nI+FayqqtV7RacjVI1R1qimgBnY2lun5Hze/EjrRcLUo0lUK1STm14u2IVQPXAEZEXaToz8RNnXKE18hR4KoI2elncArTsRIsUEU4e5zc3O6FMv56OF0U8DVRT0cipSdyKsFRmRXJhbOZOJw6tY3NLXKPmbPmTAWJ+qdXRF2a0/ogPQh5X7Fg/kYr3NbOLt/Fbp29cozMIL4aEg+ZzNGjrth0ImOgAd28hlkNYOzEzizizY3t8opxf6020Ah0GbgXHwa7RaO0Zl7KB1YO4/0rTTcuae7889inltSV3c0waAU7RXUvoCtJqL1h0pGOuHuXu1bse8Z6u2zOrPAX3k63NeOfyO0O2ERCenhjcg1t427sjLsdw2dwGavaN2rPol/9+YawuDA9w2IdexFXUNK9ACOLr0zcs8o92tb9huIkZlrp36Sz0/vuOOp/NDvQzuZSQPCOF78keh1aGq0TT/fZ73bZNbB0BO1M6M4oEW283VwQFCd0y0220fMFL3AqnwAAJ85oYqytsy9Clot3N48zO2D/T8YELCghL+O0I3ms6t7WMEDV+i98xh+oaMHdLbQ60oYEYSLTa7sdiFs9mxE9X8OPqgpfB+6k7VEqZV36pH76WSL7M4WcYdot4JhnVwI+e+MHWrCwuT7+gTeQfF9CE+/mpvpyt2Lz8G5TcC+VqTvKy4IoRmGfxhsM1kdtoPFmx5zkUzkKz6V1LjQ9VDce7UGmxi/ukDYErdsC/WtxZnSolDeO6FUUhhO18+P8v14sWlJRGLqPIhzEGtnBC+H9UX6xpN7nWnZsLgVMcws5FYGSlZ+WOR65LF5Kz6vBK+mOBpGNxKqNdpGeEXpiOrmeCs7b8t5Xhgru8kbR2tRJo09vLFf9UPaqCgM+9Wr/EPIMjbXZ+GNrWWLYqu2wZpgQMN0CdldfbzHKPdxZTEaeFICZOp5q7OXTa4nvkJk8YFvVFyOJpq0Lm8Ehp0csbB774CFQOFFx9ruXo5copfh2ngWYhhRszDr5KXc7Jm41BeHJDzr52+46+gCtV6F7SRtXq9nCr+8FAt7L8LD9BXubRgZhjRMuDLVwwzmygcx/RbWqXsu/43UDBjWF9Vp/qL2O0D++9q9QY91X/3n19jog5Qoxn3h7XZsWHerWazse9p6BQsN9vNJNrYRJmk8WqzOyl47d7U8cHiALrWqajfj8qv0zRWLwwVp0XsPQDt1zccAMkjF/91vkxKI7VS+v+MKU7jbpnkvfN/Gu3Okk72yWpo2F8X7PiQPftv/LB5etJF8XUvvprlQ34MAGrIzbOufy7JnizlkMyW+/edUtxdYbZbLBZzK8k7MHFe9rnPVj/znJt6fuSYA7Pym5rKDgvEoWwvvc5qtRo6TTKcHg8G599qtsg/LXXPttoieNegYdORHvVj8vufJIbRvP2IJBLJoyscv53+q2G82LczVjkLz2SQKcHatGvfmvg4p3csW/h/99jOEArZdIIoLrhs/6tzgMb6lQAym0tzryarsueFRM6ImvK3h1EZGBY1e7LsKYkqOWP7ulI4F0ffSdNfO76rJPUwPzzaP44RIBKNcUaAIil+WtrBiJLlX5/NGh45/WE1I3hp1cW1FetP3rxy7x8P4969e1dunqz4ZsvFIxvB3VdLz5y6tunQdxd+uHv3n11x99931uw5tPnUpWHzZRlWgKyglpQUpbKq6i/d4TiypKS0tASlgLvGM4OCEhIKC1nl5RN/ivLycmVhYUJQwsjHEmDXOt+ZOpGdm6ZG86uM2NfPxxbgEx04QBwgDhAHiAPEAweIA8QB4gDxwAHiAHGAOEA8BgcQDzzwwAMPPIYa/wNAOZ0OQuFkzgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

SVG Histogram

![Tool
Manager](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tool Manager

![subplot2grid
demo](data:image/png;base64,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)

subplot2grid demo

![GridSpec
demo](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAAAe1BMVEVHcEySkpKAgIDm5uaIiIjd3d3v7+/////9/f2Li4uFhYXp6ens7Ozl5eXz8/ODg4NkZGT39/fLy8vFxcWvr6+9vb3S0tJra2tzc3Ph4eH7+/vY2Nh6enqpqam1tbVVVVVfX19ZWVmPj4+jo6NQUFBFRUWenp6YmJgvLy8Z9d0lAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAACLdJREFUeNrt3elim7oWBeAC1sAsEBLzDLbf/wmvcJrec05sJ21CM639o3aR2MCHNsYmxj9+/AqGeGn8uBpwASAAvzpgUl2fniY6qsnVpih9fObrf7dwmVyd42G6pv+YVEmz4CTl5ln6dKZE8hvrG2yL1MG/F3hjuYms9gaMbCHa//83K389FWGupbw6Uz0+PlPNA7Z63J4jvQ44R3PA8vSfgEezzcGQHFk1Bv8xmll0vAUoC/NPLn9liS4Pi1muSfWfLMlxd0A7pn7KlZsy2VlptOZSZjOdLYflTqE1Id2pY9U8Z75R6CZFO1ZKMs7HysmOLTeAqatYsbZmTeWUVcrMO6W8nWqmp9kQyTBsmXJkeS5kc7LqTd0nLesCxR1rzvXZ02Jb3rY3s1mmU8u7s1UqVlptxbNpo6ots2OyzPKZtqxtnxUnSxtkM0FVjpV1yThbQXo+lJcsrdLWJUu4ZZkfs+wBWK3htkV9u5RN3/b+4Jb5KO3mOCQGsLbads16Muft2QweNSpZD2bUOee5sPS5Fa20ydL2chKmFMtFqWQoU3VWJy8bSN91ZnSc5vbsDKEgy6kU+TwYUzc7nf0hHKg4xUu5Zs7qutuwYuX5VEtVtOmqyEDHY3HqhNo2XXeuzc7TwQ6Wdsi3EZi3I7VPcx6Nvjh5KzcpGrJ22/gPH7LMJkt5yWKpQe0FmKxmZLGmY9bstSyvG8mKjvUOG+oN8JS1B7O9ub5UXz26JRFMxmXPiJA507n0ZpdlXjaZLFTYmguHWRNbi3hNi+ay7YVbzEUigrzeCs+0M2V7xbGphB5ZOERjVI0+FdsxrBw5U7Eowpz5eTqYhaTjtI3N2isWttAgVzlTP0tY6LWxl1Lonjlj0lMqguFyICx7btbRZBFmlUyWcssS7lXCQ2fGfDyzuD1kPwEV6wkbyU/AiU1ZIdmYXoqjrwXLmnJl2qyVORzJOLPZccrch5eFlYhg28BeOX7F094I0j5X64mJQNTbXhBmS4K16da5EnVv9skGOPjBA6DgwVIfi1IYQMOrB0bnvjIHSakWNlI/l2bx+SPgoh0/2bKQPhkDXwTjA6CZa6nnfHvceB+z7AOoe7s51X1hCmIDPI7SALZj3pixZADb1mVup5b4bF770sbOo7wZTQk3fafP9iJlQ8eiJ+l2DAybw+CIei1c3Q3eoYwP43bEG/PobDaXuiItHgD5enDOOhkiO8+XKi+0AbwMHjLwaIjHIuldLZIiHzvZNEXFeFPkC+upLyJRLI+A/lF4VjLQeMvSB/5Qiaa8jGOWCHvIk96rRdKYLKnJwvc6jaHSnESEMmAhZWVSSWIemU4rRqoy8Sl1mENZnY5kO+eQkelfOgnR2gw/XbOoNBPCbQbOKm2ykCiVZgKRhNfyUjehz+rEZEtkGUbmcYMKeF1xwquUbPP7ZVVdzpcqwllgupn1ocScg5j86eUUJ5KmI9l6mWdb1vKSSW9L4kmaCX5pDGR0ycK2LOVDluqS5cbZ1d86kSaNsJ/sQdnc7M9/L/2lu7Ksy0v070dW9N2v0yqTRX+8dyJVSZ6aJPRN3whopVT4R3NGxH+DLF/grRx/3zR4L4wPEwAIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAH4fQOr4zltEwHdL/UYR7QOYuYvnvkEMwZPUndvb7ocJO96rhOPkLUrA9a9MnPyPU6P0sBtg9Bbrd7hm5YYfBzAAIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAE4CsAvf0Ap28AqFW+F2Ctcv/rA8pM7AWos+8AiBLGiwgAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAPzXgd7gq55BmL0CfNM7XB+ysIdkJUFkjLqyjhPEiAkAAAhCAAAQgAL83YKXr9wR0ZPlZAUNFKGGauoK/AyDXKiKJX2bHvP6kgHrO02Y6sah4D8CqszwVN9qspfykgK3by+5cMVq8RwlT99Dz3mYss6rPCciFErMdz5Xs63cA1EItmV2Uraijz1rCx0ylVRfNU8bfoYSztuuiWmfWqfykgDiNASAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIACvRJLYewFWyeEbALZxv9eF9SxeApQwShiAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAATgVwb8Dt8Xbr1xrwvr3aH/Bt9Yj+hu90yIqOeghHEMBCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABOCbAbpXAb/BVbmINiV9LqJne9D42mXNuP7DpDu0EW8fwNZbbe+ZOPQv6HLtwvra3J6hGA43G5txh7ZirxJ+wT0TYvr8MdB5aV3/jNq63Ubc223hnTb/ziij3l6A7fN/2pE9b5zRl058hOjuQNxpC7I7SHfaomwvQAQAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAvB7ATrkbaJ8eqd9n3yoCPYB7KzFtd4ghqfrp6zesz5MHOy9Sth7k28qXf3ob/pAtwCNcFHpdYGrcgAEIAABCEAAAhCAAATg5wPklL4vYMI/KWASJlXCIn+y2/cApA6LWBUx1dMPC+jdBUwnW8dqqoLO/n3AV983JmnjOZun1LHy4IMC1jK/D2gtMjsHTBen3/1tTZIW/qsBD33SN6zJBv1BAdUs7n2cxYXMM3eUSRTe7XcNULbitYA6T3stCtqe1u6TlnAWx8c2OBHblu9QwpHneifSKcaOn/XncXEaA0AAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAA/GqAvLJp9VyYXs8EvwLIuVvemYP93TZ/J8DZXhv7uRie7RIv136geS1uz1GI+GZbs0NbUbzfCOS2/9wQ5FduGc354fYI5Nq9mZPXh9ttxLvdVsa319OP9zoGvuCTtuPzFyTm4KUTf0Z55xpLeKfNn+8c5+600XkvwOoFXfifdbk7X3WvLP5uG8Mfmb86AAhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEAFAAALwmwH+D07ApAqLagcMAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

GridSpec demo

![Nested
GridSpecs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Nested GridSpecs

![Simple
Legend01](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAABhlBMVEVHcEzz8/ODg4P//v7m5uaLi4v4+Pj////8/Pzq6uqAgIClpaXGxsbp6emIiIjj4+ONjY37+/vs7Oz+/v7w8PD19fVGj8F7e3v6+vr29vZycnL/nUd4eHj/lzv//Pqamprd3d2Wlpby+PuysrLX19dsps7u7u6SkpL/olD/3sFqampvb2+py+Lx8fFMk8P/9Ovb29utra3/+vb/zqP/mkC+vr7/qmD/9/Do8fidnZ1Xmcc/ir//lTe3t7dloszg4OD/1K3/2bj/4sj6/P72+vx1dXWGhobY6PKQvNr/yZl9sNTT09P/5s/k7/bR4/D/8OOqqqqix+Bencn/kTCKior/xJDBwcH/rmf/pliawt2HttdSlsXl5eW7u7vR0dF1q9H/7d3f6/TK3+7Kysrr8/n/tnViYmL/6db/wIj/uXvD2+yMjIz/vIGhoaGvz+X/sm7Nzc1dXV3Pz8++2Oq00eZWVlbv9vq41OdGRkajo6PMz9GkpKS71ulej62DmaTqhCfsizPKrY54W0V1AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAEv9JREFUeNrs3YtX0vwfB/BA3PfLuAhMHJsYzCFDiAQTi34ilY1Ss7RjaD1CGk90IQvpscux55zf7z//7YLakBmXbWyyzzmhMvZle7Xvbm/Grl07K2BWp3WtbZkuJqAJaAKagGaZgCagCWgCmmUCmoAmoAnYpqDPPgzlg2oB2qMIcfUL8fnUAnTBoeijXpdqgN42TwbO3s4GQKRsOC470vwFcQG7MyyZI00AnccVe2kMlEu2o6wvdIwYzA8marZGEVpKjdJRpZRl66oCwo2tG+e1tSEAHpXwLJmJ0+FqNglJQtdc91dvndfqMx6QZE4KtZCHKZaOODwmpyog9nR55ryWH/FPptyRHwxeH/XkrTYQIAO6Bny/u3heu0/4p5h1nN3OZqzpxjYAJXdA8y6cT1QSlYqt7qYKOWT9uG60DQ3loJhGJFWsZkhX7qic1BwQo+l1inb9PBkPh/bSnkOjrQRtoQgditSpIkznckwopTng1Ss1NyLmfmB/gBY4DJVUDdBrH45S7Vg4aRuOsqgFiBdGh6BqqFUxQGTTU+F6roMRz09YkaHYiIwXFAMMpNarfkB70m4RMHk6YO72lWPbWDk7veBWrguPsVYIapUkyf3usB6fHei+WHo7O3+F9A62nt/dUAMQ+BI2wBR9PCBCoGdL4PyDDwsLHx5cDcONrecTy5/vABUAoyEKzeQiJE63dOFzw+tG17uxPLF8Y0NyhlA5QBgpIxYfGIuAi4C84ezbhYVPBja8c1FP6S4sqVbApuHkpydGNPz788zE862NNueotQQcASPz979MTb43mKGod9B2mKaAYt0WDN+NGEXvH07v5YHc4AEAnhq+eGcAve8zE3dfPrrkFYMBFAx3lnRu+O3X6z/oDRKQ68Fz9xanYqs6NZz+yuk9fvTH1w0MsHmUd29xKba6rze9h1/XeL2VDl46YEDe8Nbi0q4QGupF7+Pazb8eP13p7NWDB+TqmX4MBb1XnerpBVAw3F3avTVgw4dv1m7efPVmpZtx9AI4eMOVN6+61lMaUIwHvLA3QK72V2NLi/cGYLjylNNbe/Ow+zGVPBtT4M/DQLzg6BnwzHBOSz3s6eO/bq59fNjTyAoCIr5oFQGBapb/1FfUhlt6naH9F7GlHa0MBb3XX6d7HV/RLuygMIA1cnE7AOnaUR8fvRp5JxjeVr3nPnp8d6IPPWUB4WYNYuPcGjAhnBEsJPuaN85wcmrnvoqGmKD3fbq/VhQEdP1AsxbG7sEpbx/rwN8Nn7yfnPqikuGjl7zet77bURAQC/gJDAKE6HE3Rt5wVmnDA05v5p9vSjSlo/1AWcNPC1NKxnoHW885vb8Vak3/gFxdf6CY4UFLqDYcgOA01pvtLwoQQ7U7iq4NjALIG85+4GO9XpfD9qHaMAGCs1hvvje9rQ3lp8hggKLhVJfR6B25SHIoAcEIaEajncV6Qqi2daDa7rjxAIVqRqN/1BNCtQMVJ8SogILhzuXR6LfvHYRqQwwI+EhqZyrW3nD6lxCqYapPg6EBgUysN915qKarY+G9MH8uGqYIDQEvGnJ6XYRqegL01QoeCKAHx/2aAgIxGo3xsd70R031FF4CgT+OgD0SWCvccgi1BATNaPR//2qrp/A60FvIAZAPAiYDgAM91vZi4JWnr/71xP67q22coigggVMWWPYl1smw1kugEEmuvZnmlsOYxtGogoD2xGiWcCB1NKftRoRb9vhQ7fTUvMaxntF3Y1bESFIabPCGWsV6hgYUQrW1dqHayP6L2JQmhsYFFEO1X7KhGh+NTu3cnzMB25YQqv36UyzER6Nf1IxGDQrI6810EkmOACBGo/Mm4Fl1Hapdf/Jpckq1q/UMBijofe46klTR0EiAG1vLEzO9hmrNWG9+aAF5vT4jSVWuGjUGoGKRJB+NTipqaADAO5+XlQzVeoj1jAyoSqg2P9tFrKchoIvOc4/OdEYpwG+XX+fXc42cxnpP9AWYIinuCKv6s6wIoBiqqRhJNmO9ER114SIPyKAMAoAtHLT0MVnTYiSpdqh2W4z1RvQCmMkKP4J1AGim989IfxMjSW1Ozc/d21mKvdjXBaDPGg/TvhIdH+P/6vEz0tNfX/OxEAa0q76ueFQS0La5GWn4i+l8z+vAZqimpV6/hjrajeGvVOvqOj9li7/SLNZ9nKIXwB6vVFPesNtISheATb2HYPD1bLVLw8EDiqGaLvTE2ucMF2/NGQOwGUnqR+/UsONodJCAfCQ5sfZVb3rdGQ4OsP/r/FStET6S6iDWGxCgGKrpVu+s/nzF4yAAOw7V9GF4+RWPmgMevFTySjVN6jofjb6ViUa1BRT0PhtK79RQLtbTEHBjy6B6Ys0/+DS5cNFQ0ROqeJF7LKM0dhFQ+OpRha/z0345bBPrKQlopygA/Ikyu95yOmtDnev8BmI42/JlsMqeUOUA94IglAPAScf9p0+//M/zq6HX7Muzb6diz9QBDAHMngAeric3SueABwfgitX8eTdWEjAfP66EkhQeHG/pwle5lAS0pMI+H4RhMU0yv0u/z92Y87s5uFHZmyGg27J3SXDLjeNGazJDti95I4Wb21bhbg4tdX4/kQjpkrkXx1h8TGaIiy3L3cCjwco3tyfXHBmRa66CyzUXTsjeRCSRUv9+Ir9RMrKDarL5ESV7008fJTcE1mTfiJGdT1tIbgjikW3O02lmqwgglN+cjMurw+6bw+SbG8eUbQ5oBIgJ9y70clMfaAURtjEINwSxtAwSv4DQTzRf8/vM8s0RBIJhhF8qIjYPuUfobTcJGNca9LcsNwFMGOJv/tbaHEIgEBAtUxcQp4lo/lMZ0I6TFW6nmkSTZTIouf2V301yu9s5FHcV4568ZKR1NjgGIFtwADrhlkykDSfLADgKx40sS0kWnCjKcgQpls27guS6pLn6Ec3NK4NTXit6KMEIx/l1iwcPeeskbpesJXCce8wVqulM3LMnmQRrkGsOy5IhbDPBeNUGPNwMsxhGjmXTaISWrLoy28mEBSSxUDpXpaW32EQbOQZ4q0wkEB+vZSTrRTrCzxgSt4wGi9JF05bgZsbqLDLZXBmXLumbIb6fwriLddelQ5wov7dgdQI2tZmV9IF8Qlgk2VQ6TkvQEYstDkGeJNgKaUHragN6KgQJYAJmGBxpSHaYNjcBy/2n77G2aIORTDxgoxErwFLORIPlX/ZbFcrjLPejtA3G6i2CfpKbz+Be3rod8bHSicgJzedGYbiSiEiXdX6S8hWyziIV6fYnKrSRIoG9UfvZsjniJqlsBaObVkDl1AY8+RkJ+hA2HKKt5bRka1cs2BM2f57rbgQsSXel0ArN2AOEN9Eg7W4JUyjdQH0IFmwAP0Y5pJvmOBL1u4slKktXUOk6ME1BF8yhfswPcae0d+PQjhCwkEEjjkPppjnujfoBQwM/zEkONRAqBKArT46TDTKKl9UGjFrZyEm+QRb8ERaV7JcQHtKZa1BHhbITR6XrwFQQ3wvZGfwQy5CMZDPiQ9nU4VhyGwIH7pasA4nCMSdnC+I2HxpMSRezarUYclWDTDSEU5LmbInj3GH+BGeIdRaNSo6prMcn6TrYjoISjo5J1ps/rD+TFHSQJ4AmQ1D1rfBlG+jTLW77qcDg2Wva7nxc+BvKv5HwVQ7eCyNh4kiwbfNQ5o2a+wiXT50mgMNRJqAJaAIOK2DKqVHVxWM1v6WTCvy/vfP/SpqL4/hh0u4cX2XmYC5Fh0whlJlkREhmYEYpSWH5NcWoTMzSys7pPM+//mwDFeY2Nr70wN0+v3C84rznxX1v917e9/PpHYBU3PZXIlcS1lqEwxHUEB4X2r0AfaMkR4CIk6zMw5C/9WGzwkTNa9W4gRzsXoCYxx+ygN/lYmUtKnwnMtvheppLgjXOLQJ0NHyzuOMS6WKAwBVGMPC6aKHEBWjJB8Di8ItO9m7/4bk6QMbmG+CJWSIOJGgNObscIIZ5Q350lEkJC/FUlrLwI3Alf69znTtJPKsZgcSD2jgUlwn4D8ad4ez0aOFi1Ccqo5sBBp3IWIGx0pT9SsIAPLmzMd+Zrj19PnRU2fIRAfYfTieGriKxJXoPOSZXcodyZNFBAxDAuxwgwXcO8wK0+u1D1RszszH3pBM9W95aqDptLkfgeF2II5Cz5ZBoNHIaSqa94DuNdfk9sD6uzEUr+ZVOyPfd5ZkSlXtgKs2wOFfEnVaWddE/uN4ECF7MbbQ5f9D486GD611btaewuBUj7rlU9l56EiCY37jTVhkvT0/U2Ay1TmPE6E2AANzLv2lfp+4m3tVuxekCaOlRgLyM77dJxj/3auRrmBHIy/jro6l29Gi1Tr4NAKKXK1/CAlC/tacBijJuPU/Gq8QraZMKwLjT4dgdAIFAtJS136JjvQ0QfBx+u9aqfKdXgQLA2anaqJhwnSEGYVmGzNkvOBQk2R4HCGY/tCbjg+k9meM51ZXIzORwTUyK6x8uafv2mt4hmW1+GedKu3odYF/f4/ynkXbKt4GEmTGOX4n0fw8xlMdfsvt6HWBLMj6ckJFvA4AeZyyX2dl1li1cPJl2xyAAKMh4sSn5Du0pnK6DZh54u8xm+QlDmeXUAALQjIyJd4m7Sr+DZh5oKZ6GUIB+41zqAMH7yUmdMn6wsLUMVAFi2xihJTyRbpZwEecX7Da3UM3Bhqjk0p/9nNcl46Oh5ypHi0WAYHDboSGsDqyLAWbJyscrHPVCfbjaZ/04f6z565IlFfleAwSYpgCgewH2XziTvtH+OFtJO6Z+5J+X8fs2yLcGYHeGrgrX2e8BbNsb/a6pos3Icf6xRvk2yEoBDUBt05jrWHz0uaGMl54lThq9x7AANcj45frDZWACVJbxJ3UZnyU2NSSVMTBAQcYfZlXke67lHxkaIFh7O/xRUb7azhkbG6CijH9pkq8JkI+pRx/mpW1PNxN/tPbR8ABlZLy/vq49TYAJEPS9qfcgnSee6UhlaQIUZfx1vka+Z3r6aAIUYub+XNVKuP9wXV+OFIgAVvY6iGYAgr6qlfBEl3yhAhjMkAz/cnmETHcaZMFKOP586ExvH+HZjfEESyjwhIN0lqdpJXXn0p/ZmPtnQX96LYgkbBsjgJ8Uq7tyX5rIpX8X/7cJKyE0ALHcF4wYdIR9lWO0ujMX8fI9asZKCA1AxwUet7C+HFVJJaD3Hri6NfGgKSshNAAJ722fcMrX19RT+Mr0t5Jf6TMmwFbmgeM1pj+9VkIToNT0N//1zpQJUA/AV4l39Q26rISGB/hzb/pA2vZi+P6aCVCrfOVcQ/ParYQGB6hg+hNkrNGDZGiAP5VMf0C7ldDIAJVNf0JotBIaFyDRwDWk0UpoWICHE1urjS6iRcZGBXigavq7kvHnhjKGB6AvJWwB9ge0FOZrLN9rGR+PGATg7rc4TybEMuJPqttZDU1/NdHIgwSRhHeE6q5pPEnUp4K/GUea5Hsl42NVRzBMAIUcixGrkCeythiBNLSY/upjMa9iJYQHIPobsWQtKVcl0aaihF8uPFzW2Y2+NRUZwwMwStJ2zlPO7BBqD5Gzhp5duVBxBBtrGqPV9CcjYyVHsKEA7ms1/cmEkpXQSAD/aDb9ycpY3kpoHIBLm4lfrXVnSs4RbBiA++vrrVZW6puRkbFRAP5KbLahfvXImxvpzIwBUK/pT03G11ZC4wDUbfpTiWsroXEAnus2/alGvYzhB/i0CdOfetRlJYQe4HWmv/ZFrYxhB3jSXvlexnVWQngAOhhhL9rDBWoAjl8m6mx78DKegW03hhoDwEuWw64rgJ2Q72XMV5OLQiThAg/QmgZjO/yLXzj4f1Cf6a/9Ml6EC2Aszuu4ApBhBY/0y9XOdu/Fe6gAepCQn4vgvysS/mvVXeEBaM3lAqfeYPUhggeFLCPyyUcIpSQlOtuF6xBOSKcxThLH6RKCywRChWTbcbIk26x4nTB/HSTkgROgMGhSGUJ24BTisu3YICk/0gK35K+TtBHCMIQUIB/9Nvn2rEJFO19cvt2Vk28/jYEujxYBEgNKg1PhDxTeT2A6rwMLQDNaAEgk8SIAt8fcknv8gC3jB2Anw0qmOduI4KlJZX5LRiEad/MtWVxSA5bgMkLZ0G1n3AspwGg4G4qAcpyRlJ0uIHYaAxlEWpdyMEfymqTtiOS+hu6W+DUNF7LXy5XIusJRfrIUczOQAoyxgIwCJNsvKbYaTwLKAorxsJRgAOGfIlS1GGtthHmA0TgtffBYqSD/O7TAQgqwmAGUC9yyp+j69pzNGxaO0+Wktc0DGUB4w6jtxpObQoVT8KekZO+H/3gIEA4mRyEFaCFJthALUGmJJF1pmuOyjJsKSKY89EWhbOVoSrKwwMoX5Z1C0Z2uLygMvoXKEZs/SVN+WJ/Cvih2OwIcNxZawRQYRIOBwRtv9zuCXpCSZoklUv5UxGKJSrPMuqIBNIiCVDevQ8xpjAnQBGgCNAGaAE2AJkAToAnQBGgCNAGaAE2AJkAT4P8G8D9OPfuO8EkJ1AAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Simple Legend01

![Menu](data:image/png;base64,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)

Menu

![Rectangle and ellipse
selectors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Rectangle and ellipse selectors

![Basic
Usage](data:image/png;base64,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)

Basic Usage

![Pyplot
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pyplot tutorial

![Image
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Image tutorial

![Artist
tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Artist tutorial

![Constrained Layout
Guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Constrained Layout Guide

![Tight Layout
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tight Layout guide

![Arranging multiple Axes in a
Figure](data:image/png;base64,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)

Arranging multiple Axes in a Figure

![*origin* and *extent* in
`~.Axes.imshow`](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcExCPYRRxGiG1Ektb44khY04V4z///8qsH4emolIIXLC3yIscI4kho0jhI0dmYktbo4or3+0tLT+6CVCPoZPxGk4Vowfno1EAVU/AE+Kioslh5GysLAnq4CdnJ3NzMv8/PwztXjU3OrN1+MigoyTk5MrtIBkY2na2tlDN4DY9t7/7iQLMzMfnodibm3FxsU4UoqsrKxPUFH+/v/5+fk4WY+Dg4NUxWbS79gWAiAvao709PQ7TYkjo4WH1kkffYY4AEZvb3Dv7+8peI7S0OIwZ41ax2NWV1nf398hjovUwR795x4floojiYwmfo0rc44OWlHh9dHk5OR2dnZSxWd6fH8BLiiK2kqJ1UfL0NoEJikLPDfS0tJEGmnAwMApE0Ho6epgYWH+6TBSyWqlpqYzYI1JInZpaWktcpMXmYcSS1CPk527u7t+g4wZQVNIwG0bkoJTSwMecXk+Sgqkp7Oen6QNAhRHSEhscHnM5tJlcmVHH3Ada3NVii+m2NEpoZDr1SAoADHFx9JlclL+6jt1eWNXaF4+QEBBNX2Gu8AgoXEgk4t50VD+8oKmuKMfAyr+72/m+ta03SszpZW7wMxSxGcxLlhcXV95wz+40xuShhSZz8omIk/K5CLN7OIXfnA3j5f+7VOClocYhXX/9qcoQGpUX1ZEQIOQ1ULD3MY6kEsPPkGWp5O60bt0QoCdsZ6OwsVWGWQti5SgfqhQWEyukbWutL/+85OoztJAlJxkLHHY6smqwrBAvHIWdmg0L290h3RvfnCSa5ze/eVjylwXc1FUdzdlqa83d0QaZEdFrJ5RnqWMoJG0w6g6V4pHtV5MDVtbtqojYHwqPV98jHc/bFaa2j3s/9yBz0bC39hfVg1NWg8lJSZxgBO5oL8gM0+/3iRPUgw0Nzn03SJTXGnY5COLfRB3s7kfVW2DV44/nlH++LtywLaNmoMvMC4yRVdKTWBpvLEXjX2229illg87PVZinDNrrDh9xryYiQ7++9eArF4XISxgQW1yZQgxLAAKJtv6AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAG6lJREFUeNrsmX9MG9cdwBsR9sLU2p2Z5h9czzfji102ybvzzXJ0VZK7f+4k/hi603VK5rk2snZ1MZOqxDnCVNg6FItKECSyuhpTBoggsQRiIPxU1LVUKStEKrSN1GiIP6KpjBKli7I/ovy1dzYQAzZJqL1k2vvA+Z6fz3fvffz93vsannsOgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBOJ/EID4ViCBSCASiAQigQgk8P9CoJf1ru+JpzRdht26z/WsQAJD7i1P3WwBhs+H+cyAVekpCcR8mX1Qye41KQUUSKR/AUGpjDfTBHDPJD3fJmgy72WYUObs3vX9tvh8eCiRbjMFjNP1EbB8psmGQNYIMA5encgax/rRxJMLZH1CWPRRgAuqS0nJnqRJYApzdCCwpNkIRmcvk8JpwQN8XNIjs1Iyydm8Mh9xqbQbxALwVZEjCFkyhVXaDmRZ4FiAC/B4WQ67C6WPV2mOl5KcbCIBpclJt93mVRVaIZiInlmYDEw0TXm5kD3BxGxeUhDsQJVd4pMLJOUQ7nLTPpWIhHme9ki0J3JLjLsIIcaKahgSe/LhBxLuWIJ1haUQzXM+OA8vHbIlRJIDNkq/O9AEIbjjd9wUzWiyFMY9ghjUWIGTmEIJVGSJ84WWMD6i8Am7fckeVMEtEk6OTd9UMBn2BhISF8SXAj4qFpZMNKspoT1EYFJTkwIgT4UApYLAkqomsAgH3AKRtAOC19nDpCIqIGi3igFekGDYUZxXCJE+4Amv314FgkiKOAdYWoSRR3HkLTWcCCWDhUtgeNpgWKRZQPmC8KqCPcgRmghkbD2FFU9SPyjiU3xkWFQSaljj6cBe7oEqyfMsm7xF6QLdCYnnibgMAgIBY1rkXJA9TAtLAiYhqSYoMATPg28TKNFeghbxMAhpIdoEcBlX4SAIOOnCCTQByiWlBQZoADRdIPwouQ2Bst5L290JNUALjE/Rr783gUENxyM2RdTc9kSE57iITYKhAU/PcR5GdEP4Jx9+SLNxLiIMI1BjcRpPyHoK+0AQhro+A0bw2ZbEyBLukgEtkAmPpJFxkqELGIGUhmuYpLEgIjO0YlsKxFQi4QYqxXD6fCiOERQfzbJLMnHHBdwaieOMtieBwG4j7REexDwAs4WYiI1iAkEQwoCYvl3tEdGGw1O6AYMxAMNtCsBYuwdIJmCyZ142mfi4GsFZIhm3wZusSJIer6lwpY7XG4On5SkGuOFkSBMdkGJeigdBN4Pri0i6l4QLM2UHGBySmyTtgAo9g99EvEA0BbWc6xAuw1cJ2l6sC2/iCZI0+2jlz+pXOcnHUbkG5/XoEU7gYtFHEONkdwFP99S+CzMBU4TMgFNB8b8/AN6DxTcGgHlCz4ZAFjPlBNuJrOBUzKMTjEVIzrb9GFM+sN3yj9nlfVuJqD4cC2YGYIrbVPzxrg7xFE1gyGQ7tYVD65x9TedP2bzmqjxWeWyTc7d+nU1NTc3F45u8uoVTPixfuPBwAMezyXrbj2tqrmXzi+t+/+lN/O0n3sri7ye28OYW7pzMXl8KKTBy6uzvcnH20G9+Bfl+Nu/WOcbrHJUORyXc4MM/Pns9i4qKkYsXa/LxajxfwXn8jbwc/7P5YDbXBqt6B6og/vTD6Y8P//whJ7764y589SZZHIH4WYvFatmG3nHol9+FvLwvW+BJR8Od+pMu5di4wtkqHQ3/fH7/869nfvb/7IXSiovvm6NR806i5uYaPF+598ZIhaEC2k9vmZ/0MwP8QN43v3Rgk4Mv3bg5cKf/am9ju7/3i8bBqtO/f+9wSUmJvpUc/vLEb3+0G/+2FUdg/KxlaHTYujC8IW/YYoUdFuuGwIfoAutc4/TJhvq6xLhw0qFAgRu8uC7w9n2zsbPZWGYuKyszN6d/zXfvm827CKyYT3VXjBgMI9BdqY5hpLvUOZsaqdgm8J0bN/397b2NV68MJHovnfGvCyzZEFje1lFeW14ON/0x3Ui3WiZ6qosgkInAShlGoHV0xjq9vLyajsOFsbFRy8LytDWPwHjDeNIx7qprCNXX5xTYtBhdbGqai0J/0bvnmzu7zF3muXvNuwk0tLY6V86PGO6lulNO3V/35GSrs/ve1DaBB2AEVp0Z/PDyR43t/QP+K6e3C6xdayl/0Fbd86ClradaF7g2Ud3R0dNR3dZWDIG4gstEWuCQdWxoeHlBz92hUdi2juUXmDxHjytKnXZOiOcU2DVnbuqc61oXeL+zCQpsbnqEwNkjKzfnp26murt0gc6VFcPklHNyKkcEVp1p7/1w8MqAdv1yv9+/XWBfbe1aX/nE2obAvrUWKLCtuqMoAlXRGw5lBFrGhq3LehJbZ1aPzqzmFRh3vN2gxJMNx+poV31lZcNnuQRCZ81NegZHb9/vWmwydpY9UuDKkZVUa2trytBt0AWmZo90ze8UeOB7Nwaq2s+0f3Hmsr+/sfFq1ekcAvvaOib6WmozOdzXMdEBs7pIAl2S1yUBXyYCpy3LCzCHraszR0fzR6C+BKdX4LqGzCqcSyC019lUFtUF3obZHDUaH0Ng62zX5HzKaSh1lhqcMCIncwr8ZLAqg79/8KOqqoGPv9wpsOdBx4Qef3oI9rVM9HVUlxdJoIKJYTYTgUdXx0ZHrcMwiYeXZ5aH8wn8q+uYQ69fHI63z8H9+Dcv5hIYTaW6bkfnzHoERu+dj5YZHyOFW1e6p+ZhAhumKkqd85MrkyM5BB681rsusGpQL2QuvbXp76HA2h4oES4eLWmBLUzRBHpFVf87YXoRsViGVhdgHsMQnF4dtg7nXkT27Xv3Xw2KrS5NfYPrm6xbYNYiYjQvLhphHpcZOzujnYvGsrJHLiKp0qkpp7N7Hq7EkyOGUsP8bLdzaucicvCdTxo/6L1+CXL5eu8HjX97b5vAtZ7yHhh6PbVpZ+WwUd2jiyzOIpL5lwysA4dmFixWq3VhOl0CQqZHFyw5Bb7ykwsXLnwOufA5bPxg//6dAu/eNhujUWPnHBRnNJYZ9dUE9u1exrR2w+SFuQsLmKn0XdBpcM62bi9jID/89Ou/bPD1p38oKSnZXsbomatvLbWZRrrdVpQyZrMO3CikrdmFdC6BL7/y02y+82IOgcZMIQ2LwIfofbsV0qXOFyo2MGw2nP9h7/xjmjzzAB5+w46CdMhGUQrFWqggv0sFlAGV4qlgKY10VhQBuwhM40oo5YwTB3QOe0MraqaLxyY5vPaqhmEcENrAcSyBYzlRlpuXOfTcxTumZyLkFv+4520pPE/p+0rt+7p59vPiryZi30+/z6/v+zxfw+wITCtfwD3NRuCaza/bB7xOmcDwdW/Zx24EeptJnfvJf5HAbZ/hsQNXYOxBXGJtBAZFFrtD2Aj8NSH3KRLIFNbN5w8sSYQ5jjTgCrSyKAK3xe6InWMHwtt1Qrysq0yY9HYsDPz3HvvZRCAisNgDZvj7b2H+hvBjWWcpVeks5q4GiJ1qtxjz5RaDkZkAU5kOs2wVDG0LwkqYoK+IktbR7xZC+BdsXYC21S8OZmVkpC/0lZYHMfR7mJIT5yHOHk2mLh/I3LX3NYgYa+rAHHN/QUKu0h+mMMBrgYCtfgjI6Ln6GQLfgUO5gAZ9W68t8DcNXI+1Y+uXr+9ymDwkHj1O/Ari7FGfFygQbrQJsL+QSrjX8/QnEBiIND1SBUIsh9qzS6BLoMMCU3YnuwQ6I5BRl+ES6ITAUoY8B9u0Fu8S+FwC88X5nBxs2yTnO5fA5xEYL5TfDnc1YSeacMTu0zkugc4MIhHRES6BrnmgSyBVa2EzIURrYS/aAl42a+Egh9bCyxZIL/BCBQZCrPcNgkDXwmmIv9YTdyCoFXgOibnMEJj0ZfC95SL3RoNvLTAOubeg/fC9lY8QCvwuFf6UNsIfkmcBDf6UNsXBH1KcTbK1GLpOtZZAnHmRApGYS0eSprk0VCDcutC78d0PZ+4cERiy0R+3QQdswg9z30g4Vei+vHUDlG19aQVas+8vQqCvjcASzNzcxqOXVGD5+INLI4BLD776GSKwBIu82Rls59vMTDP5AiNk8TnUCiweHzF1GDQGw6ixhf5zROCG2eEJnUajMUw3Je0mXWA+j8HZbRUYE2Pex0auwPJLo4Nc7iCGhkEsEHteEJKaSnYEDuvb2tomAW08OukCk3185OaGFf+0/QlGe7uaZIEjfVw+d9RkUmn0EoLDUvFPbzzEuHExgdQI3PDNcK9I1GUymoy9FeEU9IF0Mbirap5QoqjWAhQ17THk9oEjei6fr9HpOkfrxfhnfYqyGT3axkZtj0J5g9QIBGMvENirM0x3965gky+wWoylM3OqxVKBBRZnIJhMgctHuvjYnmZ+30SXGH9HPb0iygJL+iSB1Ag8c1QE6O0VGfV0BukCo29L2Ni5IibbKlBQ006qwPGb9Xw+19jZ2T1q4OAfYQqvls4ZjLqXmUpqBDaJRG36bvAG9DxGMtkCM2QyZoY5AKQChVYgqJUKqkgVWGwWyOfrNXpuFw//UAk7XipVsFjanqgo5cVUMiNw1miOwLGxXlE8L8VBgflJ0T68pRwyrFghbRTWKGqTgENSBZaPN9dz+zS6blV3Xz0P/6ARI1paW6foUVaxWJKLpEbg7ESbSKdXqZqbepm8DAcFyn4UJ5cVseXhyeG87FLQ4TFwbNZWS6umkjicWoFAQXIENtcPjupUXYMaEx9fYAQjv5ozxeEoG6NYNSRHIBCo0hgnJ1V6meMCxeLS7HBxEUcmD5dxooV0MQNPIF1SozD3gXMCkWSCJ5xNyPUKgLBJJgTZJhNAE+b2dXaaDM2j9UQCi8QKpWUUwQQSJxP8CJIJxTDurSXbgcC2JlW3DozCzyNQJpfzKnwY1RJZhpxex2aX4glsPH27RZgE7kFxIzMzs3IjTG4BRC7tI4T1K+GrH2GotXUIm0VoJsA8TEMYgUXsuttCYZJCwKrB3oB3JUxhLkzBJoT1CP2R8JU3NPTAyOV2dZhMJmO9wwKTZXIfyW26PL4sP5uZUxZdFs/Mxx8EqxRabSMmMBVrtDABcADQCAMgDQ6ANOs0rE0/BjBIiJqwVMsA81Dp/DRgqU3Ai7AJuC8HAvlcfh9Ak8hwNAKL6D5FvBQ6r9SHXpSSGCFjMPJx+8CoxrVrtVUWgSFIr+e5ygu/C4pDt+6dsjuPbZtWqVo6VWIigY0CMIrU9tibR4UsuRO2+TyDwChmFggGkc4WFcNhgUumgi5l1dSUNZ6OiqqlQKAIrETHpkXEo3AjR1lVxaBEIB9bjJu6HO8Dl76gq8AEchSno1hVVAjUTUx06noJBLKZQKCkSlklECgHyI/ALqPR1NnFdHgeuGTi2VKWVNki7JmbRZAn0LyWF40ZDGO9vZLFK5HE7GxziYjwUilLUVeHrSjvkSrQfVwF5vFdOoNBzy3lJVMlMJrXqFQqyzg1LJaSCoH6iYmmbrZk8Vo4P6dUbm4CK2qzlfIyZQ9L+khNpsBis0C+zjjRraogfy08v6QTM8xHP2q1tea1PGkCPTyGu8Ag0jxt6OjW2M3GhGMpkqIKIa8G/PvsHm1N+6J8mnMR2FzPBzNRg6G7o4JNmUCf6qcPH9279+jRwxuZ3qQK3DA81gb6QNFkr6ZLbCcfuMKcDmKyJU+fPAJgCclgcgWCxThX3zc4aKinJB9ofSZiSQgnJKR6kytw+yHdZBtA1DY5xrMz/CcxLR1j/jk3tVodo3YLdiM3At1HsBN1GIOMFZQKBFNX++/YuQg8MzytwabRGl23nQpAtTyGpZhK9Llg6/MEcgWWX2oe1WDzaENHUhG1AvHesXN9oMeZmUPDgEMz39p7Kpc8VyknmuCplnMRWG55Kgjo9HkpBc7XhBgmfKxJmcD559LjzdQKhBefG5HF5yp47QkEwotPP2TtGemO7FRphTeqPFMgxKJ8GpybyUWW5jSCpbnvfmhtTrXAylToWgYfGyqkbYX5CDk2tD4SIQ/BAz42dGu4kVBgDAx6OGojcjiqsAABORvlhxyOWtm/H4Jage++g5uAoxHuLnM/tYB7HmizJQsXsrvs/N8JBSLbwxrUbuj+Orh5VCLNwxPZ67QVyc0g++uCjlEskOrteY4IfE299A2KqED8DYqrf5ECgyJfGoGuCHRSoC81ApPp0a4m7NQieKrC/PTEFYHPmcdis8ECS5bI+P/vAymJwAh5hViS4oTAVz0CUxLZSWUZr0YTpmoaU0F3jcLOteKIV2QeuNo1D/xlRuC8QHiBWYA8/N8SuNSDQgQC7zgkEDkqhQq0OSrlDx+VohGVDaFYILL9hIbsPomDN59gZVsg+ocg8lpvIZz/B8wzBO6E2TuXlVGbycxMyFzAG9m4k47mZmw37kBQKTAifl9AlpVVWVkHIGw2kAX1pxWnzVOc51EyH3AlHrfunIV5/y7E5vvaFILzFkdCYXY2NOwEV4MlN4PU34tB9814IwfR/AMCvFbN3wlyHwc+60yh6sF6acsUWnkJZptN6ap++PwWerpv++x738OglZfeq6vD+38emFNTaO0pSwGqdevO7V18eDQYv/aUZ6EXLQv3Tp7WwUdVSBSYHP6HrKyDWXYAL/5zh00Bov5ymLwNFiwCD92/+z4+d+9X4byDxHWhoW+F2gBeOLILFWjuEtHycamelhSmVWDYwdgDBx4/tvzAMP8eu8Cv26iq3rYv7M+fXLh6wcvrwtWwq5YR+ML1sIAfLl8N+82CwJXHMC4tVO/DCvjNngF8YynDCQSu+d3nH2CFI/dYyxCb/wCuj6/tWfNf3Optv33zj19cCb1ircP89Zdfh375xZU3EYHBbmr1gHpgYOAiwl8x0ufqaGICd/gF/vvyYb+TJy0DyeGTfm8cBtd/Pjn8xjaqCnHvC7j8Q9aHn4aFffrhdUsV4uuWKsQX5gWuPvanmzeb1641GSc6ICaMpqamo8PDMxvmBB4/vvn4T3te/9e1D66Z6yB+/NMHez7f87/2zjekjTOO469KlhfVLS1YLy6GxNuFKCm5hCAEyiLCCb5YNWQlTCQpgUySvJE4NdQIwZl1YKYoFSZkRiQQZtTa1Ggr+I8hVQt1tJS82YsitKPVtistY4xu99wlmtg8RzZIxrbfJ1cSU2LOT37PPZfk7vtLnhl4OpBHoK7NUMUJrNxAOcw3NzI5zDfvnbs5myPw7Oq11y/296meHosni54ejWZ///lzPsqVF9gxweUw73WIK8Qde7bRfn/FRP/oq9FiCkQRpqmdnVRaYM381qml5VNLWQJ/mEqlUmEW9B01t3DwZ2HEuCxdTuBw89DTSORY4NMkJ/DydD6BNrvb2c4L/PnjG7P3MjnM7G12ya3Aa45AgDsbQ5EFCsRVKlPWxefvZwvcFvtHt/2oADv2UvOcwAp/0QVeRTHEZQvoJH4UQTyxky3wvTvxsCau5vz1hjZ7Q1yWfb0aHXQw0vLw4M2lY4HJ5NBQspkbws3DQ8nINBrEeQWeN4uqiLRAFHvLLnyM8MbGSYFfvWj09iiQP6VycUzBLkeB/kginyZ8JBBl3vr7y1GQNcphFveLSyBwa2lp6yqXQszFOC8tS7MEfvggFR6c2k2F52Z6Vw5ndh/t9sZ34+r43ZlYKNQyMteXJXA4OR1J8tmlrMDI9DTaFuYV2G4RSQwiEZkR+NP1Sr4CuYLMFnh2lVJ4GZe3cYzwKhnGS497lS6X1ep1ecdcY3ymf5ZA1t6ov6KDE7j9yi8uL4HA+a3JyS00gHe4FOL5idNZFYgSxMO0Zl0z5VvzrQTnZoIz8cRUIuaL3g8eJEIP7/ZlDeHhywNIYHM6SXf6Ny4QO5/ApnGbQSsSVXFDeBblMN86ymE+UYGrPQrvoYd2MR7aS1GLDLVoYbeHY+xdlIVRKjxPPs8W2PFsIp3D/PLXDn+YNVlkgfPz0uXJmprJ5bKyySXpKZRCvFCzkzquQCQwuhKmu2Pq6MrgZnxwc3dt8/7ueqgl0XJwkCWQnS8Gmpu5yXeaHcXsDwMRthIj+ScRB4WOu0VD+AY78c6yUwc7iCuvz6Ic5hMVyApkFK6gyeYye1y2HpeCHrPSi7TC4lHQgVyB/mdiMZfD3M/nMG+LUQ5zMQVKdx4vZFKIJ5e5GyiF+LE0ZwjTc6/oaCiWWEmo41H1nE/tm1sP3WYF3j8WGBkaaE6H5nI52OnbZyLDZwR3Y25tXD9XyY7fW+kI4Up0x8kK7G60MOONFo/FgwQy3kV6kVF4PMoTAsv3nrGl11HeP5qVw7z3sqKIAhdOH0UPS6VHecRlZdKcCtQMRndXotFdtc8X9/li61Ff/drd276WmYOHIX4b+G1tbXNtJni4NiuEuBZdhATmbWhysgK77cyYmRkPeGlXF+3yMkzXGKUgXEp7jsAK1h6fvZydw4zuK5rAuis4Oi9+VoHeC3/0wYNYOIz2Y3p71fX1scxSz+7EsDsyIzNvLl24cKnvrWAK8VuswC/yxzB/kxHIsrrf2GhF+zEBq1IZCKDFGlAq2R9S7EWh+REdW/HJaWnnp99h+b5I70TaKDrd0qju3WZIF3/h3oB8fWclzFGfSwvHyFofekfyRqil0R8JJ67noIpdgbxNnfjPaFY5XgfSZ+Qqrdb0wv3jTzN+8YR7S9LZeaXundZMdfzV707qfLE+zmqyazgeURoc44yBlDm0VRK+pdf5dGMvSZXWISPM3T7El3lJJLgrp1ALNZsd9f+k6CCFhbETZBe7Au72nBVgn7+LJJxBDZ5H/BVRxM8DM5gEYg0MZFWXjCSJE5AymUNCEjnHTHIcH4ZaeGfealLgSHjGrc2zAiRaATd/BD6mraEp353FEWgQ6P3W1Xb0NYpcn75kGvm2dQn8Um3h3UqrZQICM8dY6+QZ9HLd0RfcAt89GnQlE9gg0NrYKFCdgt3ijYW3Nhb6PfKGv/lAXUPpKvB/RFEE6lX4YmkQ7FCsxydyyFWtusJXAFtJ+ibBPp4N+BKUN+VbgWIIbDCbTEbsFsgiNI1aaD32gQZZoWPYaDE5cS9Tu9lE4l8IVRDbRllPWGTG0gh0m0UWXMCVXC8iHNhHSgxOnCStXdZW6ApUm/BPotcZGWyVGQkzVqB7XFZdoiHsIEUy/DTYasdVoE5lUVG4P47odtsL7QtcRYi0+OlURuAqUEe6ZV24/ySDbntbaQRKDCJ8Q3GbCV9I7nHqEPdAdhfRUuiOYLtZ4BXUGvCbTpMp2I0b+w6LKPckr+IJtFGEHTcZGLudWpXAdtqOq0CVnXQW2kW5wUlgy7zqUCbBbkt1ckKGHzkk1VSiWbgV32Be73ZLmoSmT+wGvklSeBdqG/45VG5Ju8Bk1Gr7i39V6fcDdaL/FLAjDQL/YYEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD/Qv4EkooDF1H56+YAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

origin and extent in imshow

![Path effects
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Path effects guide

![Transformations
Tutorial](data:image/png;base64,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)

Transformations Tutorial

![Specifying
Colors](data:image/png;base64,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)

Specifying Colors

![Complex and semantic figure
composition](data:image/png;base64,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)

Complex and semantic figure composition

![Text in Matplotlib
Plots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text in Matplotlib Plots

![Text properties and
layout](data:image/png;base64,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)

Text properties and layout

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.figure.html

