# mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.axes_divider.AxesDivider

classmpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.axes_divider.AxesDivider(axes, xref=None,
yref=None)[source]

    
Bases: `mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.axes_divider.Divider`

Divider based on the pre-existing axes.

Parameters

    
axes`Axes`

xref

yref

append_axes(position, size, pad=None, add_to_figure=<deprecated parameter>,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Create an axes at the given position with the same height (or width) of the
main axes.

position

    
["left"|"right"|"bottom"|"top"]

size and pad should be axes_grid.axes_size compatible.

get_anchor()[source]

    
Return the anchor.

get_aspect()[source]

    
Return aspect.

get_position()[source]

    
Return the position of the rectangle.

get_subplotspec()[source]

new_horizontal(size, pad=None, pack_start=False, **kwargs)[source]

    
Add a new axes on the right (or left) side of the main axes.

Parameters

    
size`axes_size` or float or str

    
The axes width. float or str arguments are interpreted as
`axes_size.from_any(size, AxesX(<main_axes>))`.

pad`axes_size` or float or str

    
Padding between the axes. float or str arguments are interpreted as
`axes_size.from_any(size, AxesX(<main_axes>))`. Defaults to
`rcParams["figure.subplot.wspace"]` (default: `0.2`) times the main axes
width.

pack_startbool

    
If False, the new axes is appended at the end of the list, i.e., it became the
right-most axes. If True, it is inserted at the start of the list, and becomes
the left-most axes.

**kwargs

    
All extra keywords arguments are passed to the created axes. If axes_class is
given, the new axes will be created as an instance of the given class.
Otherwise, the same class of the main axes will be used.

new_vertical(size, pad=None, pack_start=False, **kwargs)[source]

    
Add a new axes on the top (or bottom) side of the main axes.

Parameters

    
size`axes_size` or float or str

    
The axes height. float or str arguments are interpreted as
`axes_size.from_any(size, AxesY(<main_axes>))`.

pad`axes_size` or float or str

    
Padding between the axes. float or str arguments are interpreted as
`axes_size.from_any(size, AxesY(<main_axes>))`. Defaults to
`rcParams["figure.subplot.hspace"]` (default: `0.2`) times the main axes
height.

pack_startbool

    
If False, the new axes is appended at the end of the list, i.e., it became the
right-most axes. If True, it is inserted at the start of the list, and becomes
the left-most axes.

**kwargs

    
All extra keywords arguments are passed to the created axes. If axes_class is
given, the new axes will be created as an instance of the given class.
Otherwise, the same class of the main axes will be used.

## Examples using `mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.axes_divider.AxesDivider`

![Colorbar with
`.AxesDivider`](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAUAAAADgCAMAAABFJU/CAAADAFBMVEVHcEz+5ySioqJFAFY1t3hEAFQwaI7///8wZ4395yREAFP/6iD+/v6WmJf5+fmVlJb7/PuHhW20srLq1Rcvtnr48/YjWH0hVnowaZEjk13/6iJBEV4vAD3/7SW5qhPd0zRudXlXv2o2uno2vHsvZ403mnLk5uIxtnrz8/kjQ1g1uHn/7R7/6SQ1u3l2e3+FfDMgg1Th4OF4cXkvCDhEAlRBDlz65yQrq23t7e01AEQ7Ymc5AElRvmwmYZLX19fm5uY0v3pFAFKeq1UyuHc5alJFAVUrZY2wsLTq6ur39/cwZoxlWWc3TFrw8Plid22FhYWEfDOfn5+oqKjKysqPj4+amprOzs7l4ODa2tq1tbbT09NwcXHw8PBubm7GxsawsLCFjIurq6yHiIuHhoh8fHz79fWLi4u9vL3d3d1CP4a5ubl7gISSkpLx8fF5eXlENYH19fV6h4M6UYt2dnYenorAwMCCgoI+SIkrdY9zc3N/f399eoInfI4gpoelpaVHLHsjiY8krILy8vPj4+Mmg48hkI5IG25II3Uflo1HE2dNXmWPkIVycnJSVGNlZWVkzV1/1E6a2jxra2tHC19KaWSCi36Jj4g5V40ub48zYo5NxWw9vXTL4R6+3yVUSFux3i2n3DTX5Bnz8/PExMSLjHk1GWFEwG/q5RgtO3QbYng2XY4qsoBbyWPIyMgwJmUXbXgnSXcRi3OJ1kh00VNUxmcxLnA2DlhgYGATeHdJTEdRcF/h5RcQcmlVVlZhtkIxuX1RUlImn2Ual2tu0FlmdVBcdFmR2ELNxhDz6BwmN2cTY2sZVWs7Im+ewhuKvyl2uzURgXU/QkKJh3VcW1xyeEk3A1ARf2NWojsgSGs6aVgkb4k6qlk9JUMxAEEaoH8bh4jdzxEyBEs/mkhGrFCMrRinsAtzqSshh1ssW4iuxRIvpF9Qs05AN3IXlIV7ekkUjmsmYkVkeW8zkk8jAi8xDFB0bCO8wwqsnQjDtgu+yw2cqlUvAENUpGgiX5KdrFMtEj7KbSCTAAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAADg5JREFUeNrs3XtYU+cdB3Abi69rTy5FvFW7re02ra71yTbr6eySbW59ctZt6YlJBrkYY2ICFMIZIVwyiUhEYWOIaCdCvSUtbips2k7HlHlri+281jp95i46N23rs9rOtWt3f98TRDAxnAPElsPvCw9/nCOgH8973vf9nfOeM2JEdxBEaEYkDLgAIAACIABCABAAARAAIQAIgAAIgBAABEAABEAIAAIgAAIgBAABEAABEAKAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAAAiAEAAEQAAEQAgAAmDfCdSZk+w1B4vVSXZzcnc6lWS/yh2QPCDtyUq2l87yJAOiMxu4JPsddU7pN2E2GSBSFUeT7Vbb9UmOwFYjy1KSBzQlA+Q86cm+l6IUDdqb7/YGO3YppA7Y2lGXmaQNtnuSncVoV7EymRBKz5J8E2bybUkIFJV0snMclW9L/tMpCoYxMIwBwNRmnjbpbm8kaRPNTdpGI95hACjPTLrblRQQBZPurdQPB0C7q1cW9Iqn/Un8df5N0z5//o965ge98qp7GAAqr84+f+rUzp07n8Vpa2v7Oc6PSX5GMn7c+PHjf0LyU5Jf4Bw/fnz79u1Xrlw5cODA/v3733zz7NkLFy5c/hXOsWPHjh49euTIkTfeeO+9zs7O9+8aDoC/X7WqpmbZsuXLFy9eXFBQkJOTU1JSUli4Zs2WLWvXTpjQ2FhaWrpo0aKlSysqKqqqqquri4qKysvLlyzZunXv3vuam1uamp7ftmLFwefq63e8tHLlxg0b1j399KZNuzcfenjM8AKMCV4DLOQBR48a1SW4lAhWEcEiXnAJFsyYMi0ecOOGdURw9+bNh4YfYIFAwHJBgMP7CIw1YeLX2NWEl8Y14YybNOF1KWjCrSEaz4ycstZbBaNw4F9IhxL9Pn7+xdCxaZjx6qnuPuTw4cO9+hDcgYwbNy5BF7J9+4ED1/uQsxcuX77cuw/54IPOznPnOgcP0FJmcFNI15GlvVWAjhMWpAo6azVxg19lWR4e/pbpnfwg2Oz73g15En8myHfJR9dnrzxFPrrzzFPPXE/WYAAqsjWabNaJ7DSK6IOkQOb0+D8nOA8Jjl7FvkpS7JmLXUIeC4rYUSiupJntV/nx4LnBhf8U0lo0nxGV7/Qd9fXQgwFYaTIaWRMG5JtMHf5K69ZPfkRgzo8XnAe4186dOzfmH0Ydnj0U+9o9iLMjWU9AlUyv1xs8yIMbttrSoMbO7MmrnxeR/z0gKtZBa8LZ1jxPxKBzsj6+ePT47K8LS9pM3A8Ky2PfnPrW5kOHpr8f4qeh2rKAk/YorT2vaVC0VqvNtmqt4TBj46wWvqA6eaTwpE2aICbjPjl4nUiml1FouEDX3Pzx2WnCcsfMb4wWGB4QD74+Lusqt0c0DOfNTnB2LHMgEy13h1R8Lzx5ZJrg3DFptIiMGkzA3kkV4O7duzf/RSZuGAOA3YBj39qEx18A2H/A1/AAdhMADgQQBwAHALgOz6L+DID9B8TT0HUAOBBAHADsP+ALG3EAcACAKzHgRQJIBWR4nmELyTQAKAoQ5yKZylHm1jodMp/00gAoBvAlnIt6iw6hfE8Zh9TFviwAFAO4A+diHWvhq1ZkGqxroABQBGD9jvodpw2k3uxwWANZaqfRCIAiAF98rr6+/jTfibTmaiuz871RFTRhUYA4p6U5jGGc5D6csMySUsAVBw8elCigSanPQlyZw65NKSDOn6QJWEZb9EjtR8YAuRyxPkWA27ZtEwBI82X+ris+QwXQrzO7UNiPPFGEctkTKQFc+OLzWLBPwMxaPx4dOv216qEEaND7vIZ8t8lKp64JY0CcPgHlWXQtRdkjTpbcxJw3RACpqBlZKFtuOIWdyMJftjQ1Nf2tL0DjPK4WUXaVV45QQN/+CAxjegC2tPQN6DB69ZrKYMCTO5SOwFsD2NzS0hwD5GgyBVHlJ7prxuTSpWvDehlc1owDnNPc3DyRr8aE9C4O0W4rFBPEAU6bdv9EUo2hOI1dhxwmm10BgCIAM6ZM2TuRr8bke8ryEZuOrBwAigCclZGx9xKpxqhoRW1U6/VkW1UAKAJwydatWy+RTkSRFwxpnIo8vxnOgSIAV5P7bn8DF5X6D/gHLAiAAwEsL18CgAMDLAdAAPwQAYuKigBwAIB/xYB7ABAAEyXC8MuD8lMLWF1dHQPk+EUVCtomFcC5tX41Utk9zi7ArwjMzC8JzX+uAZJqDOMJ5uFJXLBYJpUL6z6NNw8p6oxkaqW2dHxRaFb/86sC898Xxq7+Y1VV9R6+GsOgOhohvz4qmatyNoseUWEzedJPLts+58sC0zRdcGZMJYBVe2L3xhiUFFnJFVtNIwHA4qjTFGZskQb+GQ/vzJp2u6BMefTh2z4mLHcSwIqKqlcMsYIqg8hyJF9UIoBqt15n0uW5Y0skv51KQNKJcLvcxgirZd1sfEE14vHh/0WZO4/pB+CnRCSFw5gUAla80tcwxmAy+xByLyCNm6n0TB75BcH5yIwDUwT4fbKuvE9AYytXSyFLOjk9Bjz7Ln1aRP79CTHpvEuSgKwj7OfwGEfJD6nkE+9/UHD23nu3iNwzZugBLlrUN6DWZ22VZYeK3boY4H23C07GvbcJ/evgfHboAf4WC/66z6kcE0EKiqFjQ2wA7AVYWioAsPedMgDYG7AUAAHwQwRsbOwCjFVjUL4KAMUAPtbY2MgDdlVjHLXBSgAUAzhq1IQz/M1FfDWGsXN5uQAoFrCDPBaGr8ZUWpHTAIAiAF9fu3bCGXkl01WNiVjV+gAAigNce+Z6NYae65crAFA44A9f37JlyxlpDmNUEX5AYaMAsH+A5pOkcwzV6rlUAhauWbPmZWkCKrKUCNF2RewqT8oACwulCoi8JoS0fv7tEwbXidQBFkoUkHJ4FGGbXes2IxTJT9URWCJdwMyGugDLBfysKpVNuATnZSgm9B8wRwggFSswMACYADAnp6StL8D0Dgu5C91qAMA4QPIU6BigzkS6+4A8FD8T4chIwBzkGviFoyYAvBGQf4aqTk7eVGFVJrqzwzgPoVw58oURihr37QfAHoAFBTltsWqMhrzLw7HAp4s/B7oCCp3FbWuw4QGBbgEcgT0AycPw20g1BgO6Ykdb/GpD70l7q4kyWR1wDkwI+Cx/DqT1+8yGcDprj3+MLxV72RYFvXA8IHmfQAywMhrNVnPZUS2MA0UArj/cDQgD6f4BLl++eCcA9h+QvBUEAAcASF6s8ncAHBDgMgAcAOCkmppl5wGw/4Aza2pqAHAggKtWrfqXNAHV/LQ+3eRIKWBaN2CsGqMz5UoFMKxX4tnTrlDsVaDvzJqTIA/Gb8p49O47E+SeBNumY8BTaWkjJ8u6qzFU0OFrlUoTDsjxF9mCYIS/qPS1BHn77URb353xRFxmvPtEgo3tTMPvSOpc16oxnBWls5IBjP1L3HMRith8urHx8ZoWxm8MKKd+Kz4PaRNsDNpUDI4iYrtWjWHsyBmSCKC27KRFpnOyVr4+l5foeUJmR4LrFxZHwvVZib5f2fNJY3w1RmdyWbMlAkhHo2G1whKNPXczkmgRqoIRujHx9/fayFdjGFWrWprDmI9QhiJghHXgg0WjZK8X62LjjbnKzBvuZsAN3ixne96myxjIAiMmZOh1tciixIeaKmTyDgtAY8iVhf7f3v2zqg2FYQCHLGeJJrh1aKH0C1w3JzPeOInmDzmJUWwkirUhIAnEwcGsTvcjmNlZ7tT7FS79EF1Ll649UejNiYF6Bym1zzs4BJJwf/ec9zxGyCFrd/9iwPKGRlJ36hS3NNeCxkokfmwW52ZIDzIhvZrE5WXLZVfcPNH0gtsPPfaPCxdS9C8CqqZpzpKOzTKG5r+8GYwtlyxvZDoJij1fGBFnQ6Z+wo3L+pa5B2mT37+8xwA7UleX/wxouSxjK0/zUzs23ny4vL68f/uaugKgbRjGdLnR/ONQiH+jHPPG3iPLYtPv94mbryGjGgeY5GloZq24CwunrxwPl+weu2CAO8PL9ymYRe73u6r6Vnn07se719TPK03h8Soxs6HWW758z5K8xBQGib4qdraZ4xm0PRUcrei3fp7PzSgIuHbXPmzbgirUJp1LAE/Xy/dJbTceFrRxXvTQa1Qd9hJ6f140+FR1+F6YXGkVNi2ittSsMDPlfSrPWNbZ8V+g96LyOY24KCJrQ1tpEZv/xTzNMqVZN4fhBXfXngJbUIyP/nG696o3DdLVysP7ceVhWr14bbybjDGKbbeUum2f2qVVvWmQvas+tzqXN6s7R8f+D3LgX6xbALTyt3ETqgvFua8u+nKeEkoPcsSxzgZapNf4waku6PFzzAcAcZS/1CL1S9H2xgDrzjDfhH2pc42w2/ApUd39A98Ho3jOYmnslebloL9knzHt8n1QNr+y06ND1rlVwHYURVqQh01CF9tCAhfdOkukdky6/BtsjbnohCRaOKUx1WSBSnbkqVS6QcLGaypNRrcKmAnrdZYQ6ZilpMKfKTqbeY1YAZnwY00Y1d18mvb5R4xiM87PCc+ePC6Py1Pq3nQP9ONkIDRHkluMSuNJYhrhqlsKlbPtqj+yaM3lXQfdx2ydjiflgUmfjSFt1yb9mwas2y2idFKTzzJthaQkPEsyik3UUDHVclaxm0onP6e0PrG01NqZM8QYxBgAAhAFQAACEIAoAAIQgABEARCAAAQgCoAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAOECQAACEIAoAAIQgABEARCAAAQgCoAABCAAUQC8IuAv+QpbWILzsDYAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Colorbar with AxesDivider

![Make Room For Ylabel Using
Axesgrid](data:image/png;base64,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)

Make Room For Ylabel Using Axesgrid

![Scatter Histogram \(Locatable
Axes\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scatter Histogram (Locatable Axes)

![Simple
Colorbar](data:image/png;base64,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)

Simple Colorbar

![Tight Layout
guide](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tight Layout guide

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/_as_gen/mpl_toolkits.axes_grid1.axes_divider.AxesDivider.html

