# Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.24

We are pleased to announce the release of scikit-learn 0.24! Many bug fixes
and improvements were added, as well as some new key features. We detail below
a few of the major features of this release. For an exhaustive list of all the
changes, please refer to the release notes.

To install the latest version (with pip):

    
    pip install --upgrade scikit-learn
    
or with conda:

    
    conda install -c conda-forge scikit-learn
    
## Successive Halving estimators for tuning hyper-parameters

Successive Halving, a state of the art method, is now available to explore the
space of the parameters and identify their best combination.
`HalvingGridSearchCV` and `HalvingRandomSearchCV` can be used as drop-in
replacement for `GridSearchCV` and `RandomizedSearchCV`. Successive Halving is
an iterative selection process illustrated in the figure below. The first
iteration is run with a small amount of resources, where the resource
typically corresponds to the number of training samples, but can also be an
arbitrary integer parameter such as `n_estimators` in a random forest. Only a
subset of the parameter candidates are selected for the next iteration, which
will be run with an increasing amount of allocated resources. Only a subset of
candidates will last until the end of the iteration process, and the best
parameter candidate is the one that has the highest score on the last
iteration.

Read more in the User Guide (note: the Successive Halving estimators are still
experimental).

![../../_images/sphx_glr_plot_successive_halving_iterations_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    import numpy as np
    from scipy.stats import randint
    from sklearn.experimental import enable_halving_search_cv  # noqa
    from sklearn.model_selection import HalvingRandomSearchCV
    from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestClassifier
    from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
    
    rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
    
    X, y = make_classification(n_samples=700, random_state=rng)
    
    clf = RandomForestClassifier(n_estimators=10, random_state=rng)
    
    param_dist = {"max_depth": [3, None],
                  "max_features": randint(1, 11),
                  "min_samples_split": randint(2, 11),
                  "bootstrap": [True, False],
                  "criterion": ["gini", "entropy"]}
    
    rsh = HalvingRandomSearchCV(estimator=clf, param_distributions=param_dist,
                                factor=2, random_state=rng)
    rsh.fit(X, y)
    rsh.best_params_
    
Out:

    
    {'bootstrap': True, 'criterion': 'gini', 'max_depth': None, 'max_features': 10, 'min_samples_split': 10}
    
## Native support for categorical features in HistGradientBoosting estimators

`HistGradientBoostingClassifier` and `HistGradientBoostingRegressor` now have
native support for categorical features: they can consider splits on non-
ordered, categorical data. Read more in the User Guide.

![../../_images/sphx_glr_plot_gradient_boosting_categorical_0011.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

The plot shows that the new native support for categorical features leads to
fitting times that are comparable to models where the categories are treated
as ordered quantities, i.e. simply ordinal-encoded. Native support is also
more expressive than both one-hot encoding and ordinal encoding. However, to
use the new `categorical_features` parameter, it is still required to
preprocess the data within a pipeline as demonstrated in this example.

## Improved performances of HistGradientBoosting estimators

The memory footprint of `ensemble.HistGradientBoostingRegressor` and
`ensemble.HistGradientBoostingClassifier` has been significantly improved
during calls to `fit`. In addition, histogram initialization is now done in
parallel which results in slight speed improvements. See more in the Benchmark
page.

## New self-training meta-estimator

A new self-training implementation, based on Yarowski’s algorithm can now be
used with any classifier that implements predict_proba. The sub-classifier
will behave as a semi-supervised classifier, allowing it to learn from
unlabeled data. Read more in the User guide.

    
    import numpy as np
    from sklearn import datasets
    from sklearn.semi_supervised import SelfTrainingClassifier
    from sklearn.svm import SVC
    
    rng = np.random.RandomState(42)
    iris = datasets.load_iris()
    random_unlabeled_points = rng.rand(iris.target.shape[0]) < 0.3
    iris.target[random_unlabeled_points] = -1
    svc = SVC(probability=True, gamma="auto")
    self_training_model = SelfTrainingClassifier(svc)
    self_training_model.fit(iris.data, iris.target)
    
SelfTrainingClassifier

    
    SelfTrainingClassifier(base_estimator=SVC(gamma='auto', probability=True))
SVC

    
    SVC(gamma='auto', probability=True)
  
  

## New SequentialFeatureSelector transformer

A new iterative transformer to select features is available:
`SequentialFeatureSelector`. Sequential Feature Selection can add features one
at a time (forward selection) or remove features from the list of the
available features (backward selection), based on a cross-validated score
maximization. See the User Guide.

    
    from sklearn.feature_selection import SequentialFeatureSelector
    from sklearn.neighbors import KNeighborsClassifier
    from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    
    X, y = load_iris(return_X_y=True, as_frame=True)
    feature_names = X.columns
    knn = KNeighborsClassifier(n_neighbors=3)
    sfs = SequentialFeatureSelector(knn, n_features_to_select=2)
    sfs.fit(X, y)
    print("Features selected by forward sequential selection: "
          f"{feature_names[sfs.get_support()].tolist()}")
    
Out:

    
    Features selected by forward sequential selection: ['petal length (cm)', 'petal width (cm)']
    
## New PolynomialCountSketch kernel approximation function

The new `PolynomialCountSketch` approximates a polynomial expansion of a
feature space when used with linear models, but uses much less memory than
`PolynomialFeatures`.

    
    from sklearn.datasets import fetch_covtype
    from sklearn.pipeline import make_pipeline
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    from sklearn.preprocessing import MinMaxScaler
    from sklearn.kernel_approximation import PolynomialCountSketch
    from sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
    
    X, y = fetch_covtype(return_X_y=True)
    pipe = make_pipeline(MinMaxScaler(),
                         PolynomialCountSketch(degree=2, n_components=300),
                         LogisticRegression(max_iter=1000))
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, train_size=5000,
                                                        test_size=10000,
                                                        random_state=42)
    pipe.fit(X_train, y_train).score(X_test, y_test)
    
Out:

    
    0.7336
    
For comparison, here is the score of a linear baseline for the same data:

    
    linear_baseline = make_pipeline(MinMaxScaler(),
                                    LogisticRegression(max_iter=1000))
    linear_baseline.fit(X_train, y_train).score(X_test, y_test)
    
Out:

    
    0.7137
    
## Individual Conditional Expectation plots

A new kind of partial dependence plot is available: the Individual Conditional
Expectation (ICE) plot. ICE plots visualize the dependence of the prediction
on a feature for each sample separately, with one line per sample. See the
User Guide

    
    from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestRegressor
    from sklearn.datasets import fetch_california_housing
    from sklearn.inspection import plot_partial_dependence
    
    X, y = fetch_california_housing(return_X_y=True, as_frame=True)
    features = ['MedInc', 'AveOccup', 'HouseAge', 'AveRooms']
    est = RandomForestRegressor(n_estimators=10)
    est.fit(X, y)
    display = plot_partial_dependence(
           est, X, features, kind="individual", subsample=50,
           n_jobs=3, grid_resolution=20, random_state=0
    )
    display.figure_.suptitle(
        'Partial dependence of house value on non-location features\n'
        'for the California housing dataset, with BayesianRidge'
    )
    display.figure_.subplots_adjust(hspace=0.3)
    
![Partial dependence of house value on non-location features for the
California housing dataset, with
BayesianRidge](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAABMlBMVEX////w9vr7/P3O4e7S4+/V5fD9/f7x8fEAAADQ4u/4+vzu9Pni7fXz+PvY5/Lq8vfN4O7+/v76+/3f6/T1+fva6PLd6vPn8Pbl7/bs8/j19fXW5vHJ3u2qy+LT5PDo8fe/2Om81ujL3+230+fb6fKnyeGz0OXh7fTD2uu61efb6fOtzeOwz+S10ubF3OvB2erI3ewKCgqdw94gICCAgICixt8+Pj6goKAFBQUYGBi/v79fX18pKSmYwNwQEBAzMzOJiYnf39+SvNqwsLBtbW2Mudjn5+dOTk6pqank5ORXV1fLy8tFRUX4+Pi6urq1tbXU1NTc3NyDs9VmZmaRkZF5eXl5rdFzc3PIyMjZ2dnr6+vw8PCWlpabm5vZ6PHOzs5mocrR0dHGxsbCwsLExMT/9v1iTtUFAAAgAElEQVR42uyaXW/ivBLHo15Qq3dwybewHAU7iRxQUBNCSKgCoqWgqqHf/zMcj53YDi/b7qM957T7ZC52KeCXmfnFHpu/4/TWW2+99dZbb7311ltvvfXWW2+99dZbb7311ltvvfX2iU0QQpQFiysfTWP410e+/ebZn6L97LfHPO/jt+zN42gjX83Q9I+FwUX/zSAH5LNvfLiv8J/nfdH3cztMfi6Ak9p3KRlffoQD+Pe+vv9WAEZhWT/+dQBOVRjX6y/6fm6h93MBXMr4XzxB4wbAT+D5nwNIq/bVXwjgl33/GoDjHwNgKXLpRhxHx6H4iyRxRLcIzFO0LDOCSTbrwlN7lG2PMnJphHH+BqHG6xzzOXg+PESYZ0+wsYRLD5PpQLx8EZ9WseyjyDH2Cpn8dcZZAHvQYCPaRLHdo7J1wmk0URUDQhrAKcFRDa9j+Hqtcy15SoVDBB6i+x2hbN5mY47lkp6xByfNGQ6347YBcuED2eSxYpS4o3b4wTRs6hTLF2loPglxWMLLEzhUypj6FefJogvgaguzkDstOBcdRQgSMUq1h+HBfLUF72Hs7arbuWN8N3PTKSPwCWlWA5kiLzx5OLNc19H4lgBu0NEJjkXhYsgBYWTiL2uc1PVauZO68Sn12N4GcI3DNM4J+DxFQRl7WOwfASXTwqWJ+LyiuyINmdgyPB4eijksso+MTcqMQB8TlMRlQguIfugWGwrBCVAVl9ON3aO0F0xEO/GU7GuU1XULIMnjOOQipynK4zSiJxtA8c3Sn4hexxHfFBueD1Wzd+Gr47zSnfjapvQPxLsE8JGQo3BD56tC8+LAyN72pQGQRGnpUfGc+TQS8UApuEbmxZF7HQCHOXWLKY5WMFiSFhsx2GEanyZR+OAs5iiuRa0DAK5C3IbQdA7W+G7NTafsjUR1/dYBkJONfzKu62h8PwCfR/clw7K0GIxcDs8TfTE1oCbubow3NoAZtLkLhc8LOod1hmVA0EZuKB/CY9ggF1jk2UPPsEvkjrNF7+JVLvoYc4jwIIogH1O5MA2dE9qqvq0e1VgUlpMcv8KqYLbg8E4sziLlAxYO4OueDeAUvbbbGzxjKWpXkgjIOCAF93B0gjmdAVjhmWzYPAAvctBnmJ3xpQGQifX0ETyI4NVdyIYipnPZ+tEGsJBepoL+GQW3msdhOJqhWG/BAOABGBZvFHbn7XLrnM+tSZnagm0AZZ6M6zoa3/EUjFD4Ieadc3gpokYi5wxAWMnFZ5UNIEtUqmfOES1HwjIGAO4lGq5g7RHeBMI8JiEKoYpWY/oiHyl8vEVj0cWLJOIR2qi+rR6tsSRDNoCA60rkZ61yVInODIAnlKdyF/RC6Ose7Zp2GxgP5uU8ZQxcTi8AZAk0WaNDc8aUeXTCji8NE/IZYZUzVhObis4nAI/w8FngMRrdKQB3MjJDsS0eUbOEw2YK4087AGYY2HwE53TnNoDW3EzKLgHkXdd1NL7hKXj5Bml/pnn6sdyCCyQ5BzARu8JyyQIbQFURH0QDVcHI+iSgjoRiLmhQRiAM7TJA5MpRij4mbZuFaL5vglfRYXsm0D1aY51g57MBlNgJbE5qS3RFZ1YNGOcUhWlTIAlr959XunVk/u4ZOZ6WMTQ+A5A2Tdx2OjJ3eccXiwlos1BfnojFX5U1EClXBQC+XsnIQASa3mD9Zxt/+QwNLQBzol3WnduDmblZKbsEUM7Tcr2NxvesAYXtMJS91wF8lcFd0eD6Cig2jaW07gr4Id97t5Nmr4Ab1WZlAahXQKvHzgpYXAfQWgEruULNFbkrPxerTRSqvvQ5M2N3O9jNm8OQBpBuW7dZrposLlfAWwB2VsAWwIUKwI0V8F0+N09nANor4DUAzdyslCkAU7mXpAbAjusqGt8YwAdRrxMLQJ61AN7LBB9QcL0GnFFdpbQ14Mn5QPpxM0kzNeA9r8wVSAvgqV1yrB6bsQCF5LwGbAEcsEgkbQw1oKy8VqRdOt/FSufisyuOEsWyuoxlPjINYJhIf6EGZJ2KSdWAS1kD3gJQbM7isDlQNeCye1+gasCNrgGDdnIQoh04vVElHQB4hJqwqQGvAWjmZqVMVhSi7k5lDjSAZ66/tzXFdwTQR1mRRqEFoMfi5UtbURyLLePBrVMwrWI/3bn6FJzLYnlX+ml1sJPWOQVn6Sl1KxtAeQou5ClY99icgkN1Cr4OoMhr0pyCZ9QTx2cA0A0mfuzRtTgFs2lRHLNnfanCmKzS9jyKyyzUALpInMZDLk/B4cEvD/omBU7BR3UKvgmgfQq+AmDnFJzFcAp+ICQt5iE44KOqXupT8KY9BV8D0MzNSllAU7HU3oUkLStiADSu62h8WwCdYyjgOVoAvnu4vQdcZBznaxJ07wEjynbqHjD2OCVZAfeAohWv5J3bJMKYBMtO0tbmHvCUcMqStAPgYBNSLu/SdI/de8AbAKp7wA+5vEWYHICnMmei/xOkYSt6DXfmN4QtIgN1k4lZ9aYBfNgR7L3LfO/nhPJoO7buAXlzD3gLQHkPGJXODQDVPWD12kYGvIFoZKp43DJ9D/hq3QNeAdCa20SnbJZjKDZfcs7mpQFwqF030fi7LcB/oJOh82+yf5e3PwLA3nrrAeytt9566623/4ulIUZv1z9auzNzuXfd4oRRnk8e7PfkAU8e+IoIy6uuWzZDV9SV5vD7a2tvEp2vD9A49EtrBKO3TB6ilSjUR+nZNYMwdbL/qt0UrSj1cPai43k7Xj/c9jTx6xtqslRdL9wGcBigZHKKd3xzAWC9EB/zqKh/lc5Vvf/nANaL3wYw/YI88RO93gJutNWvEZcATuo6zn/5yJ3Z29NNAEE9jOVNtNGu/o0AfqArvxqOvwjgtFmFHk8XAMpkXdORjj+7jPgqgF+xPw+gtFsAwqXgmGZ/YOLX1cN/IYCB0qIamaeL3jLOzJYiXLaUmV3B5wMPDU1G5dpuwW6jULDkm0XA0cr0JwP6FBDMkncLwEvhp5Ixyxts3+OYJGO1BVuC0NWOYW9p9rRFhnlWwwBaY9s6pNWhUhHKpVa2Fc22glGzyjPxQNxx+N1vSl/lTBpRqABwy3D+0oVmKH9Y19EI+Lh9iI1u9y2Bu+KF2oJXu4graa7lulEPN/E07sDvCGGqbrxduDXf/2QAnw5oWq8tmaeLyLaQ0Rjup+hQi03SKDPPBJ91K+qTKGuVawvgIkbz+q3zwxWryvTO9CcBPO3SU5xgncdrwk8D4AznsZ+CqFoBqAWhGdoWG8JbAMehmOqcwABaY9s6pNWhTs6Ofuymlmi2FYwaA0HWM8LiS3mkZtKIQn1EsjIlIFVsAHwePYj2hR0NJYqVkhyt2x3zKD2l1VoB+BpM/GIn0TKuKwAPcjuHeFruHJEYNSQCwEGO3eLIwvFPJlDuI5bM07Vq+3YL1srMM8FnevaLdyOZ1IcQ9QuaLd8Muv3pLeXuIdxpAK8IPw2AKXq3DiFGELqWD0OqlVgqd5UeQGpszRbcqENxs91botmLLfgIOrIwCZwHvG21DM0WnMgha/sQgujhLBogHqj4vaXbXeoysV2w70ZV1HFdqocL5o2cVrvaujNg8M0ZJTA0vLn8hrqD3wXQEjm56P0CQK3MPBN8dgA0kskugB3xUtztTwI4moYgfDPK4yvCTwPgE40mTxaA/2Hv3LvSZrYwPskkkdxIQi6ExjdRpLVeaw4eEHV5efV4wfvCd9WqPV21/f6f4WQmQAaCLrSCwpnnj5YWAjuZX2b23nkCLUPoPS7lc21vfT2M965KemybO5S4Q0+3Vh8k/A5t02wKQBRkZf+6Bn6hrTsARLv/rZ0JIsPlyUUDe2GSo7GX+Q0mEOiJb/cuWgIuEwCPKmH00pDc9ZZ7uH0HZ7I7zbGqRADWtyT0jrX6yANI2Dxjv0CPIgS7TDsNn+QSTFgmOwFM2TeJ98MA7kdr583JdqWzCOk0fhI54K/DMFO+bgOYGEJxUVxrARibPb+hD0g8tvEOEe7Q22hVCzcOSNNsuggp1z+s7V1mvq2GZ10AHnUUBs3dQ7cTEEdDKNdjZzbh2/1Z38rUVqUYwL1Mfe/hZCND7jqGeb0Rn5WJdxXtTnOs6mVkdot1Ol4z4BMAdhk+ySKEsEw+MQP2AjBO22ppAIktdzJnSYHK3tRR0J0APj4DEh7beIcIdygC6Do8JU2zaQAbtYu1CVC7rpyCfgD8Gs3HxNGISpcDfGMJ4duNUoCf++jgINYOywZOYbsAPMEDcvT0DBgH/W0McsC2zZMEcC9O9hJgug2f7TbMb9Iy2ZUDdts3UwA2cL2XBpDY8ghvWWmxcYeSgE4AL3Fe0CsHJDy28Q4R7lCswxppmr3OXKbaoafoHqhTbJ3FAMam0MdmwChK4miAu7CCY+lueCEXMAYQHY6DsBeA0VotPJEDVjM3o9+HwUfRSGyeJIC7mcNfJ7cEMN2GT9SIPvp1gRrRhGWyC8Bu+2Y3gBtr1+s7tR4zILHlxNbmHrK37oL7enX9oo5NxB0AgvpadxV83ywbE49tvEOJO/Rue+difSesk6bZpmG0mrTcbjPxR+E5FgMYm0LTAFYfHi42UGlCHA2ETexJbPt2L06jGrmByuOYtcZ6tbzZC8DoDK+2q+D7HlXw1urFeXVjb+QBJGyeJIDgOsreq6QzM2X4xJfiKvdnpGWyC8Bu+2Y3gHeNWlj5VekBYLIlOKmEtVX07g+H5egD91I5IO4Dbj9sfSX6gGHcOEs8ts0dartDzxqbW+HmKmpjtE2zTcPodaZtkQXbURYaZaSopo0BjE2haQDRpbjta7T6JkcDhdfsx7d8u9/q5XALm25xUDvltc3vqz0BPENNnlYfMGz1AaPXVw/RPJjbid5xs3EFqN7zdZ0Xqb79akF9DV+/VXxXa9DRfl86X71Yv65tnr3Ouxm181eK66Ea7r/qjh7s761Hc+klHfL3pZtKtIZuHLy7uDJhfeI138+4wwakGzriVFRUVFRUVFRUVFRUVFRUVFRUVFRUVFRUVFT/18K3GdbocaB6KwA3Dw4ObulxoHorALfpMaB6SwDDWrlOLbNUb6WLo5/n+Je3kM4mJiburu4m3pfujoXesdNwBxnuEPWhtkNUJO9Qx08UUDTcAYU7TJ02knP0OHM8lDOPm/vSQ3O36VceP/bjZsMMt3+NS7hD1FmN+C7HiczEED7SsB1g9NAZlFOvfTKi4YT7HI1TuEPQ1/Xdm0PyfvIBB8QygRb9yeUfeV5IP9P/iAqyQQEcMQDr6JvoLocT0Lwoir7j2iUpNc+xhfbc6JkvG1GhwEPfpQCOGIBDDEj1mvWWt6B2PSXrnt2evEwvfsjKct8jakT0KRIwoEQBpAA+IkWL/y5AhRM6E8IIzTzX+iJHkF+ZXJ5b+Lgw4/U9oqZpxZD7FEAK4CNqEpaP6JNhjpgZdS2eBVuzlzBVLGnSy0bULlAAKYC9C18Yz4OTn1UEXQsww+SaDy2diR9kCy8fUUEXKIAUwF5i5uMET1d1FdEW54GSqCSViIgrYM3+kxEt2BRACmAvmaiksE1PBpIeJWwSD0uywOhkPWJkIxolKDx/RGVNVqV4O1+lAFIAe0gUgOEpeHrDBAKDMecWnM6yFQJDVF8wooxrljxOLEoIYGOMAMypWBYF8E8liEDw87k4RYsJFDwnp3HZHEmpYbovGVEpho5BeCvKGAFYLGHxPEsBfEHdUXDNrC+KqO8sm4DTANesM6SoCJFgXP1CM1lzs/mkj2K4St8j6oqcgmZOMQfeuhn4qgAyrYxW1tu9e8HUxdeQ8xYA3n3/5xb8OB4KgIarmxpjRacuy88LJaZgArd9lcPSg3b6F+jty2+z0+0zXdMV4RkjympZyOddNGAqNzYAlph2hRYdQ4yfomujOwP+rJXXrsA/G0MIyMi3AMKMwWVDZC0iPbPsZFERTBgUZJlR1RXYOvWhwz57RKV89mPRzqueOi4AQuJxAFVgBLprgNEF8PQrCK/A7/LAA+rED81KC3zWgI/m0jlFMU3HKbl48jLMqS//dWzPfd6IWoEpFEpq3p7yxwTAuHXVPr9Eh0xXRhHArSsE4O7aoAMyoNJ1oDRletJ2+zzl+UWzIDOW1P8SHAS2CD3X1gBkEe3GeABod07lhsYON9xXV+0HAvC8NuiAtFQh6mm+6vSxpR8dYmYpMJ45op/nVbSJxAENpZnT5lgAaMDR7Xr0VuNQCnd3t/cHHRCXS81sT+dlhtbcwpQBW5writA3g9Js3yOqT3NIPGQN1MeWF8YCQNkZNwAnKltr5bXKhwEHJKVyMEkUu/+LJRdpzfehg+yk0dzJO0sRjZI388Xse0QtX0CySwrIo9n3kzYOAA6jmBp2H3B9Z+d84AE5KV99fqXbpaJADjWj/KyNtOgYBuNAXylNccszU8HsyuIXTuy/D9gsFwMFAgP1umdnxgDAYazAY9mINvT0mrzSzV+zw8paSIGYx91jtlCYmVb+ZcJpj5Ge1Ybx8RJuZaNJw41qHWEpGH0AC+bYAbiPfscUXA84B0yXIGAm35u/VumhyhbEyBh/qc4Uwz+3CGm5XaE8DwQ92ppbFkYeQP6VrwAblkpKeosqGP/C2I8BV8GtEkSQW9NQd1/E7ORP4korqmB7AuOZX6xF2ZSfO6KWWsL/FI2IPiWiXV5WRh1A4TVXYEE2RdEukXLfAMA1/CUcV4PtA+ISRApsKJpO8/YO2FmCmKXOLUomj0xYheXP4pRbWkDGmfiM7XtEbSb+BFuN8k80BRpFnR1xALVnnUKsYj6ueVF0ZOEdLMGb8RK8OVAAnYJsR+UEbszlfbzbfyX2AMmGM5+IS+JR7idMRrAEDmBXJldWtI+OEMOkxotyXyPKLS2aAZMD+bzFx0XQfMkZcQB9KV2VcMojRou8HjBPSHgnOeD3cHV9fTX8PkAAhWABms32gQZ5fzlajwufWs+qvM+YHdeXLF1VptCS6zOibEhq8T9GAZ36gtOy6vd1V1yRd1yn+NesDUQWWF70vh7sbEYaIwagkGpcAVdhAx7Op+9+VsUXX6IbchV8X8tkytUBBuSJ0G4vxfOCFBQ/Fp0v8e1tQBY9S4NdK4tUXMRbsAs4KZn7G1+AYvTAcPT+RzSrmJLne9MzwI0yQNSMhnLWKig2J07isXE/W6MFYJBageP7XQzGidcOfRKKfEkJZG1yJZCfL/Vt2jC36c/byez/IYCC6kwzzfxPbE48Loz3UC0G8X3oBnQkDZqp1Gz2b1wiKzriUFj8twoBa/OsOv2p/yshQOaXRCb6+CVfEuOaWAmcrKKpAjALAOQ4U+VHC8D0CqzkW1kMBtD3OFhcXpn8/Ek0X6LgbQBM66S8+SIAeZGfj84/NZ+Foj5tf0QFR+A2r4JYotlaKKxiEc9Bql1IPFb/o+5am9NWzvCuVtqxtLqyEtKOQDcQBgFCccup0yTnQg6ZNE1PE8/Unc500nTm/P/f0F0JMGDSg2PH+OwXbI1tXnaffS/Pe/GWaewyhV92SwEhx+n5SEkiKWPYm6AMHn2imOZJHe2Egd3RRE4YSOuqQMMDlmi4e6RmkQcCoKTeVoBO81ERvLHBjgaZ883EffD15sXzSzGRa0eCl7989zUAdEPusTGfFr7r0EgC2qjnAtMthLaTqLpl8LTGmARp+1BgGnLkFJ7JI1/JbsGUsgGydDJL/XXB6lGN6X5Y95IUZqwlHSAcwRsVkoWeuAFu9HsCoH+rdKhRWcz2H0/cB1/vX/77tVjbz178DNYAbAaIHSkQ3STXJLlBmDlu244NWoEqH8pDzA6GpcZEQFV+JfabJL25pk0qhFJEbPe3tmhHXJLVf0HuAzyfeKLya0VjSKS7OjIFnhSAd9pdfItFkgQt6Mp9CfyOAfjsP7cevX35tw0AmxGKRwq06Z401g3lgAzm/Y4axQf3COeHTAWusobHE8WqeJL0ZCk3FvM23HSuf3mLdsR1KuHjOTayUILaZu4RKaNmPQ7pfO07yScF4F12V7o9pq7NAC5k99HE/TY84C0A/uX5f8FXacBNxYuv3tAd/qAbfIkPoOnuFtdcDZabZpvMFUw0jZUYDufZ9XJx1R2lI/tolWJRmk6EZ91dlP0wrZyItVGWITlSVVlbhx8eefoa0Mj4penkw2yfLEDc+lqPKO43Wb+8/2nvyeuzy0vuFl5KdxVIb6ysFLW3FFvf+KKjj2f93f30PeSRKOCGxaCd8TBNEphxtWpMl6MrlFI7Tee9o50qgxA6jmMlSaY+IelUFYl8zdVakgNCd53T0tQn7wMyUZThCvdDj3YMiWcp3h2s7yE1gFesNGG+Tj2FngCA31+ePfuer60d+cDXDy8+3PlGqFLjEu/4Vf+nJ1y3ra1NaSZzGElvIkfIY/qn7FyeX83nXUXp9K8XCLeiycXV6OgT5VLAeRrFWEss4AyDgV3eCBVvKtuLjd9qMdd5ggDUReZoNTgHbu+tlqK7eLCwg5Rg21w7kKpqsSJgdJ9B45iGhwdff1qtvcdfEQXXJAc2w52btk/eY2Suuxgwkv0y1DZuo9Zs93A8y2IMOpMUAmuRDBZtjMqreb5Y5oPr5fToE7Vt5CX1u888R8kS35ysK2r0Wcr0jWuFGyvMIp37h3Lbl54SAMXgYnAzOqx1MzfHmChH3pe64oXNmGH1s2Ena+sBX7qMilUu2NGg1Sx4AgB+YX0FAAVLAO29KlNC9820u/7oNO7YGKpevbew3mJJnXRKkUXPknlHq9D4fNLWeyyRPy+HxO9ddJBx9Im2uZtn1Xj1hoqPc8lmZaMyiAwHAYcmy/hf05JUvIDVgAYMA1kNWk8FgM3gYqZuLoVDFQxarK0ilB335kQNi6LwBmpRL/si565NMszM+luPe8Sq0mAyCNgpAPjxH+/egL9/uL9TKrcAjfaPrg0PMKdc+cuqnXeWlem7RGRC6i12wiRxa64BInva9ToDVbcj3Lvo5p8DOp0q8nrExlFENIcY7gpUEUHoDD2rjTRFccUIhtkQVW7UdzNfjphds4HRjaCSL6u69hQA2Awulnbmy5G0NyqR6WVHkehM7defpFhThaEhpjE62roEUDp1EPLnZ+8vP4If390bgPzAWXjbL9x1ffVgi0SVK8kVOZMsqRLGd8JACItBHbiIWrRfQFBNEWink2vrejnsBVyFyXcox6qnX474+znRBT8DOAbIJMCIotL1vYk7Tw0QzHqaSGdF7taAhgaDcWacFIASCTzuELi7bmpzhwmB0ID9I+gXhopGI1jrkxHZFPIbg0oeF4A//CjaMv96/4JUS7/NlO67gFuzIiUEp2QViVEUUG4LeokkVJwrqAU1NECMsqwVjapX88/TUAeeb7dM//gTFdnf/pDr1SANQOC9UpRkyOHdGYYV7s7KKdBkx/e4JGk1Ckcx2T1Q7QGLB+8KQBzYEY0NfDBQrysSJIr86EuJRE2vE8PDQb6Omt0NQ1szFcbNBLyWJpar1y9a6xRE9E8P1JiuaAdm4cLdVId/w2RR387wvraEsjC/mvB9EKkucru6SCbZ4vqazQwSKqS4gwmmkN/6VheEATArSXWzkZUOVEZ1EAzkcekMApPDsQgI+tRJUj2gJqLbmgHKzmkAiHV7hzndy9ZwTwfr9RAnN5Rvs5guRYqFsRWiPtGa8Z483NsMn22Sxy3EGqSiKBQrGaf1q34CAD7/VQDw9b1HczgIHqgt2a2kd7YVYMjQbkUeViWudaza4bb6cpaNJECSWXUdXc+1btsOCtomyvFRcC/nNmxRCZ065tpQ6mKYBCmHuGJocALkUtAy7jiTgJvX9KLDFDVY6QxDl/T2YwKQ+aQeKMd1204PPtgr2WnJHKDrn9A81SKxYPCaSt7hoDuZIf6Fqtf63OnXnISyOQVr5WngKMC+Gq1oMA05ff1UJvif37159vHXP/zxvgAkbXQgdtx1Abfq2ajiaSHQZlu3G/Z5IKAr9W+ERVldGaIWwc/n1udh8KorIz0KJ8dXRDt26Dq4rLMzecZPLKEADROzdoOcAQxmiST1ZZHgg+rYbATlp6K0gEaR6dtEYY8IQOjTkGNIRvtvKmt7NIK6PYuopeu+BY2WU7N6dKcwVXQc0ZIZVKAOWx5XcZMo7Axnyag3WHTDjc8hc4tsBicCoPbu7Ozy7IV0XwCain9ILe58i1osRE3pZIZwHPBAZItLLcrA6a9Ko9EwXUZUXF3fHAwW2fS6u5y8yse9O/QFU2FRgpHBgvYiRzHwe8DoaRGsu+UqxRiTTJBGLmrZrdjeWKmgN1REOZMUKpn7eAD0RY66CGJi+TptFxvUkb0B1yg+0Jnp6lsdHhjqXsB8D6miwVqeVBRoAY/rDU1jalwplEOWQZh8klGkM0KIx8MawirzVAWpH9++/df9o6LyUFrf2M61ScpoU5kvpu72De6RSBsESt0YKysV6arLbgXQOTeCyXiwHE+XV2WyPLeUuzhVkq0Kms/TY9gteWStDQgwmYaENgRKFiag7lEBZMa4ujSa2ZjYy9NqpQxImVhyc1/ul/E/RlwROGRl0uulaTIrZ7na/FcKB+2qBlfZeSC5hBVZkhVl858dk9447w6SMp2O1FUBCA4jFP2PuivtbdxIoiSbJMCjxaZ4Dy+REilKlCiOBgqQLJQEBoQk+2ng7DofAgwcYP//b9guXqJsz8S25tjtD4Y9Y4tHV1e9evW6umPXpdQfwhQkJlNPNYxFbjfFkBX53xGkvtwAlfyp1L4/iIbhPBog5uesLQKBng7VWa7jluW0YKT+1xfHshQZNdcpPFud7hfT0+lms4yGXO5ZRLRMs922P4JcbIEjn6UAx4WiuTN/O1Tj4M5VR7RoJDKRvcCk6qo5ODyauszGqpWWSUSHoLLiFzLAh4Gp4AXqoNS0WEyE6Dy2+ar7ru0iIc3ntW8YpOgqat5gYFjlu2jTt6AQP4TjvLmnZiYdQqIDP4IAACAASURBVBR576uH4D/O40oD3I0pwMEWGxoAq/AqFdEbdh5Ng40k61KrD20tEBPXwEPz2X25MUSPpLIebE/kfqHcnE5ct0PkuTOqWDjx2q3cRryhVxKrA1iYFMBVvSK52GEBDLkZFbVpK9CLsILfNyTMbyXBdj3MTW2COU6GEoTvmF/eACFNoA5KmynYlLlhTOug/wlWAme1VMynj0KZwtKCrrPUycvOegA9dvM+z7mjKClf2wC/o+Pt259+evvjd9cZoJyN3oBe9QURBIFX6I446jVaohrMqEfEVifGAwtUkLxme38p7Pb7FTvJNMVSi7tjmRWb7K7Mq/PBSc+aUUmu6LtV1sA9rACginmpULdqwmXN0I4v+DVDo+EXIbsJ0Ga1VTQCAUkYdLS4Vz6ZjqR+eQOkGexC7/Z8nPfvKvXo0rpLllHgNPy+1bQC4yP3SY7ZjARZieQEWhazC9LRTboErD/NHbFPmqMJROdrGyAdP//yJ8P8+cvP1xlgMM422DXbTB5jThht6KTdo2mPODxLsY0b9wLqKbJ5jkF6S5uKeRgej7vJJtWY2f72Bt99SA+3++VsL8WS/oIZZa2mFIwg0qO2y2VBQ1caA9RRVzLfp+iswmIZpyagQDdUm2KhfWgPrxPPVJu4GPrSGxH3BQ1QZ9eNsbtRe76EiobwEo3ai7BIkARTjzS6hFWjaQUmTuNowNkXhZXl/FjP6vZ/dC+SYvicKeEYQ3XRhHqAiNf0b5IFf/8evr6/rhLCJsol+SfaEF5dNVqLl3SCPltwKuRxdiCT7okVkkcsx7ftrOQwk06HUjRidl6dwpOn3aT54XTY3+xPx+N+9YIZleTSFF1Lo1c2duB+vVRlw6jGhBMJtXfY8QS078KwLV/Y1hBZXddtl8y0q4SI6DyfCur3zu+y6lGLee6zGCBs87XZNh3zCrgVe8EYPX23Ghyg6AdpIyWi0G3tjkRvomIh/6LhhkWxohHwaX2+Qw5ynolhV3GOOtZ7ahD7W/SGefsDfP3h7VUGSC76/jSeBSOH6Zdc88htvJ2ELG78mFm2vRZ1DS1kxrRmKYZ1jg8btsrm86BEUZlPyiOzyyfZXVLShMJLyvvNC2aUnZAdUdMSwRZNSB71NA0KfnOsVtLawoq0ptdFzjRaAH0mN7dNXTEFVjARSqfvnpKnolpfZBgtQsRdmwU3+XYXRO0JUEEMnCR1RgLOvH/PZlVY3X2J9JkeOL3LlkMgc6RIzysvsatoKm6VjbfqKMtvYID/ePfrb7/9+u6qLvle2QHbprjW1X91o96OaNFWlyXPl6idUDGU5Kbq2e0K9herigjo5rCo8vRglasA1Vs2C5kDv7y5Swh8YnDjxC9xKUFxpB8erlSRi1hIoX2v8Fg2yjaZsErspOBBA2NprI3ovMdE5dp7x5Itnk+3MckDhl0BiTzKN+jSAxYheuQVjdeE4HY4DQbQwRV6uig1b3jVc4DxeG3zm7/d3Adlet8jj7OnC4Vq16Dn6xrgm99Bfv/7NR1Sp2EHz/FOY0YSQFl4VJSjGGZudyRbQgPBueqJGMFYze9O8yqcHQ40QdBlVKAw8DO3Pt7l9K+5dIXTF8yoaNO/X7pOLqgkRoxCPZzCN2hqXeaYnbB1CLPaHoQ4dQS0dFHaEZcagLD+CB18eVRd3B1trD0UlXgfqx6/To4FohUxchiZjxYMB8vWDLt6jTDvZb+6MsUo+FvpzlpjaO4lk0/JYAax69fmAd/89deba3jA6a6XRqouLMUhz3fOUUrkAixPOU+QYqF1kCqZr0dVz2nEIGO/34m4yA6nFDyTqu7SDXtTuCuK/ejbr3emWdTPntHJZieFYbjgq5In2xPLaJGuF7hN021C54ObGWOhiBhLQlJPzI6SkKEQ2JnC2LJUXx/y4gfzHn9Eo/xKPSAmLM0MVApCJ9R+qA+rWxhjFknP7KnEjsI8/rRl0QBM50UyVHWytVTnI6tEGZ7m/4yIlklgDuAPkPgAiNtio94gG35DcT6freaR2Mrb0nAz3mcdu7KwuT3YhCTL1couBTaWzKpM+WxXzY7l3kVVhTUUPF8RLdFAWWTHuuYg296VdEEIutybO0Y0qNtbXbw4qMTcoIa9bgDkSBBjJFbL83KtRL5/9Ic7Jd3J5zRAZsorpgRZOdwlK3FZg1a0edA+xtRGDvXqVeqjaJa2Mf/JTX5AtcRSpCiKO3MM/imsqo8S+68cgv/93TsYrzVAmcTCQGRCG6Ch/4VI2sDURM2GZDYcsEnYTq0LB4kdVzl90zHu7g43hTRfF6mA2e0m5pV9zRdhtjsc9+EsI4K/fIEcC4OeTpoXs2a7KD5Sd+wOV0SMtqEvPPGti22NeCLGedzn0NTbwb1PVSTYVbHwFCVOkwsKUOQftnldX2mAuqy4C35oVDcP6+abICPSbH+Ab2dhC0NMX4KVrNfQaYk1YLMpdW9C9IQvtGPqzVvA4IX1Lpw8agwoS+7LCg+fb/zz+z/+BeOVBigTHPU+hJoatb6hiaLfxon2jbhxs48VdZzvEm1MZgytEOOX9/c32yzLwiSfGbUi7pBR5lGRhLen3A8Lr5ilNYdfNqNsvqra/qxJTg3O6N2XhZkdXTfy/lItAb7S3nUhCeCg4MU833BmnIoWJkeEy+OeLhxiM9f+Rbcf7cVZsG9oWDQ7E0SDWYAOLQX3pnTspdfRQ04yVDZErKlRVTbpiS57qtXxlnBQnmU3h+L6fEykap+FYXk5UgHGt9AD/vifq0Iwwuf+KlBc5ad9idVZj+kXQQmEGuMmRHGVkG23o0pxk69kh/tQzbM7g1msdglNKIOgOhQ5f8pvb7U6tQkWi3n4/O5YejNmHygigDURgRKQ6RcL/RctUSiqn104DJhcrkP6zQFLXKSeU2BWSFkoP1ygqE4/NoylPR7Oq0KwKj1OVw21Wb092eO2bT51dfYw6stRCW+Pj6KoDgmUR2jExhF16LLVpVWiYHRS6AeD+wYG+O79NQao/Ze5q21yEznCwADJwCBACARBvC+sWJBg5XDZy53sM1dU3hxfrKtV6pKcT67k//+GzAySpd31eqW1z/Z800tJw0xPTz/dT3cbjKDstVjfFaE/dtuoBQroFuMbwM5BPaYWcTRFWUVMnL3PYWy23Qa6YeO1ZdcStaKLxiJv1qs0aYp83nj8MM6RPTl6R43eY9xWLC2tjAbEct/1ecHHYiQABTjxXg0Pt4dld8uq91SkF9ENd0vo9eYXLYOtCyY6HM4jBFDi0Ttwgs47PMOMtu5xw+yJPPMpuBsFFi0NAMEIFE6OJRIfYXQQmIwF99Q35IsfFPn6iOMPf/3dBwgg4PYKkHpdxLh/ze1wGRiF+DgPM0fUODECgg3N0TCV0lo/rHcnnHuz1aYtym7RrNazqjYVTkxWq1VZqO2Sh8kKmcsFqxavTxRA2KXpWMLAXDG1ukdIHGvM5pllzAYeHMGgBxqSAeKgLz813jUUAccxX9jevUYSm+/YhI8AIQF4t0+FC8+wwcM6yEWs2ztVJ7N7UtP1W95xG0HpJrNavr9L5KdOSrq8/PYZHo8SQGwn7Vv32NR63xa88rdwTDEN5BN+AUYgVO8QzjvKi4qYR/uuF2FdLLrNwrSt4bRLpsVy2bardZ43nS2kq1orzxeZF3ltYp+6o7DOcn5euGYZl4lpJhX0YW4PUiBXshO4UeQPKMxwdJGf9wci3eLB4EjOwRYMjzQZOo9GweI2mHsQvLw1+EpI5wJyJHWW80gRgQcepuVQCRwC54wx2VuTVr8MAfz9duzf+c+3l5fPfjhqQlA6KC/VU2DmVEftogjMQNH0ATvKZF17Wx1tlCaeNIQH7WucQluGm80ANamXvo4sW72ohTSbzBaNnXhdUXJ2lkaDdNFopwqgnMSyNgKsMpHnMRphPUCzTpwKxkTc9Ol5lgAKMxgu7Q9TvTWrdO1I8h/H03OhpOgDQnFbOsv91TagM6cfQi+EcZilk6PS54kECiwc0g4P+lCR1V0Ez7X0L0EA747vf/jpp+urfxwxIdZl3LcLRuj3SOVisHV8bj1Q2OoaxmCiEz8MbbOio7SUx4jajhd9oV45i+MuXW/8Ohryk6ZpiO+hyp3lrPHSsGuWSFykS4yGF151qgCKVSVLwEV4bvIAW1DQEvp4oRRWlImq6ha/jcIO+suULXc63T5yySh1SsIaUP2ofsCb/wF64bRnp9U0ZIHqyhfM2CBPKZwh5AJoUd6qDYdfggD+++frfzG//OU2OP75iAn5o4OkD9ZikIUmZaS+ZZKQW0zAuxzyED+tI5EvK3VScoSiRzy9o3iAlyUuFvMWg+CVYqqwKRAbF+fkThovVqnflJuZo1WLSi279aqdHu8HlFnC5dQhxokiTESMwGEg6FOSC8cqOhTlejY6rHsrZQOpj30Uys6TeXRmps0TU5CwSB+rAeG7BqILSekEik8vGy47td0OW3NgyGgHdY1EFvk0ep1Ob/6d9RkE8M3XT65eMdc3yQjcn3ca8H0V7DD+OOgeaskkq9e2LyKwD5RjKx9LoVuZUnGG4gz4IJ27Af1230d6JGItybZed7be2NMmbmg0i81m+Cdmi7XALDdrxIC2yBfrBe/Oovcv0cF0HcMibPbaHMyw+qgqUCADv0SQhN9MzSvzTMgJblV3RbE0g3co8IBvY4vHt5eTIb3RByf5AR+qDygG4LU9ACbJl6sSinxhdfoeOxeMUqrvtB2MMR02skiVmM8hgC/+SfKC/3cYCXlzefV0ZwO+r4Ynxh97fjdDksuIIYiVorj3SeEtHAERhKCmfIQgy7UJZWO5Oxtf5OVwuU7j9QamUVdvhcHyMnzlWi7fLhZQMNv1ap1M8+nZA47ou9MNBibpiSNqIhgbRTUldsDkXABgbnigTSCczIQakJQxLELqXCBhLqXcJZid3hqLPaXvwUMVUkVVqPIJtVPEOLG0sa54jyhag4969O6GALoa9ENmR9znIaQ+fXWnMsLfX/3t+unDGpDgjz0RkuNp+jNgDuGW4cQyikf6zFMgrXygTUQ+UnofRx+q04UxbNu2nmxWeZRBQxucEWzMxUXWtbq0DjvFzJpuvQldR3zwTrs7XQ4A2hUsMPBZkE3+DGRRjiRiskJRIYB3XrswLMswn7uuMPMKf7RvpGh8lNTg46fLban1O3IgqZEkXZCQLzMdEO5Baj5CAVqMUX6M6f4q4+tfiAC+vM2IfvHjgxMy5UPCVQAspg/57mK8uhQUVWY5nARzNrawiLLAsDlAHQCyFTCWo5swy6erRVr77aYtvFox4mnSQtvRZPFsFZpe0TSq4K9XG+8wyHmKVc8DmfZFhA42Ok08lbovCcJzF7ZcTxkpIjE3yeEbenDUfMK7/HQnEJr4awrg7Q9l/Nj9uKkIbc1SKPYwmnh8asWQUcypFXqvM/1z2oA//km6fP782e12rS++eWj9iPVuj3egnqE3q0ija4C1LWLkuq5PoK6sOQITGUzwGow03VIZ0b2wfa0YK3xgGNawybIATjaboismrqzr+L52i9p0yiXjtVo4mWjLrlu7Y8oSPXFHJSP2YUAVmuLT+/RMDvsDglQjN9wuTCdljOGhocq941mOXHa62LFKHF78ZAIomsK7SdUc6RawVEhVdwVrwZPKWmOdqrDwFls70Gz9S9GAv/nq6dWTq68OwiHX/33+5vq3Lx+akOWQUEYMBz3BOSUlhaYJQZFuqLL0gQXSsBJD4sDG8omm86HlqBR0GtiS0c75IkMDZlaENQObDdaA1ABEyG6hyChGJ9RRniZ5VXTZopRdEM/H+kk7Kvu8I2qR4NPivOaUTG44j4Wti5zk0getw6l1bzQEJHotmVY8YLJypzJUX/9EAsjeV3BcnECFieMB8JvC9/miKWnw7xg3INZ0MjPSSOolB6W3UZD3t5H71H7AP3733cvD1988ufr6xcu7E1JvmL/EPtcBvnJZnnCsCMhgzHFClkWodzqSNGnDgmqOGBDNOyiDi57J66OJiDGI6Vk6hsW1LIL1ZhOlObTkEXSzNhXOsWUIMhRFXVY36WQl02SuZHY8JZ9DgBa40IskqMnWcslYxz8zQ9v0odzCh+GsIB2UYP+z2IpVgWFB1zSrt3TnQNA/hQDqBn+fRBmBJLj4yIpqyomiaRghWQb24T5jnF2fSxw3kYi/VRhvQ4a8OfySbMDj10/2fXya0P+Zu9oWx3EkbFu2QbKdKJFfcfwmx247fsU7hr0PXo5AGFi4hQtDYGEZ5v//ipOUpHtubne2p3uvd/TBH5qmcVulqqdU9TwVawfTMyzObTSICLlWrJkD84doKFcyQzEgBJpvbViABvySJWF4X6niKraaQnS8K1oHhtLEEhx1f+ohlOT806flWCLdING87PGcp/XStigfJlXOyyFf7mDIef7Fmnc75g+FdmVlfowwMBIHXEu+SmQDxd9veflDvxZXFRqudAnK2MVV/Iia/PAtDND8w2lHW/7y6xPzWg0Hz+pB2fgtQ4T7r0xoQIEZgr6pVU3Txg7kCmceIGwrPvzzoetvbIC/vP/hh/e/POeFkNsVlbdFluGZB34ptZdvbbSWy/ETrnaxpMRcWgUlewhGrtDn1ktUIq/TieFFHrNhAjHX6ACrpqKeM6eU+R3uAM8t96lqU6/9YATszJfyw1QOGzdqkpP67Tvq3vcHVUPHE6YDXtAWY514AgY4miendCM5uQj8vD5ip0KxDRqx2eyeJJjNx6xK/v8Z4B8vIZ2xGhM8ppz/sDP5x3iIUi1/MA9h/N8CeMjg00BhaAY2uelqOZZPIci2fHreLtFf+bp/+frw488fPvz84zMaUl3NQ7oPPqsggsdCCGeTGRHCbNc23U2nbaM4liQvxak4tufapD7nANnE0EPmSMMEBG1ML0uRRSq4LJdPyyqUjF0pmAkrb6Ctr5/GQgnmFKjnF+zoIbtTdXZqhoGmGtIIpYxl44A7ATlGmtXvbGmTOwpCNqkMD1w1NolHzDSd6PWONlknaZSaB76tDvb1tzbAa7sRy6MQA9ibetxe+7T1/a6c6IONDtQ1w8ecNhTTQAWi9O4lPN6QC2L2K6aMLel7M8B/CNP77fnEdPOxhQVp9r0bMiCSHiWWFlrSmtx0EThMXE3lMZtwNNOspzdHYqwYDJYPdRVJ2mXp2h7P0+XTpXB8iods54Z7JIfNRFBb1C5XBQqm9iU7avTpdY4LGdZV79ssclU+vxMkoLM3DONRjBCWJSOPtdDZj6dsI+n8Ml3HSN1NQ5mSJEl8NcvHlJ2Lq1CCDw7obQ1QCHOhVuGCYkot4PXd660IARDQNHv4H/S3ekyoDYJiQf3j/wB6jgW+MTH93/z56zcQ0x8bNvzET1brm5uXdqMU2/KBj6vRXfHVvH2XR7jQi5pG5sa6XQXoWBHtkMo0V+diUoeApu2nyzzFZgvKwbAQy9KKuSUDs4GyJw84OQcv2lGdDBW/brBqA655qWlsZtuRdSdKmddgXsW8TmAjqq0nMAx4PiLaKAxNbUeaJ+noxEDo5cfD4z2GoWrfKpH1GgO8KpqQlGV4kjz0t0+I7p9SmBVXjP68/kLSYni822vHbqAFhlB0g2+fYYFvzAn5J39+i0q+cm81UBUtCUWfrY4ls9zylkcgC6doQ1dH7RynO8rCXtHHRLt3aDnrWztlPR0vs7PEat0s53PZVv1qvI4yl8JPU7dMx3Y2Fbwm9fElO+o5TgjbOSIbKSU3IgUIoNXjxKRhobDt9EUlMJGCvOVjY/Wu1yXXYzBqyYdlPqVmXN0EU5TsswqEfYBAJWubAS7P1SAw/goDDH5/hLRbCj5eU9OMOOAurmEB3T6EYTh2oWNfPfNTF3acD083piwMKfgqM30l2G1B8H0Z4Luf3r979/6nd1/hJX35QjfRCob7ADtVKIyR7wcVEeOfSX9NsjZhVEwfIbUjZJf9rpdu17ySDEUn5CZpYXiaAmtHMR2Ox6UFeROn1+MZnJdj05xPi8VSCdU6gZfsKLJthJA3HKeumbtBaO/EKGjbQNJ3DVEVbMUCtOf1zk+okM9KU6RroVaTFNP5tDxIW5ZLaSRAUtAyAGbSR0aSYpghDEkibyUlDJXXG6At/+5axfxpZqAyZPkp4XDKWOYkDtWz4s/mxVmOe+gfS0a65/u+uqtidVwHhmxvTCFGEZvflQH+8LSe90L65iYsx8AFVK/nsQ0w1QVaNgRc2xJMwtPc0dHJFErtjq6l68FTBtEqE2AXS/C8TKf5cr5Mlzlq3bYpr38XnhZY7ZapL2UE2Qc+o9fENF2F/UIOWxN8DFYqNnsqh9G0TvK1JEhoiUz2YYzzooLxx7IhKAC2y6k+5uWUcZVRZqMahHMxFDWoi4yT1aDjfx6GjT+ZGP3yEHwT/gtphZj939D3JgHObfyygpHt945l8x4IUo3uUAO8G8FHX7b3vcv8YaZmbue6eyccmW8fXWa1oWo/8ZDsz9ffIU70rRBGphCqHWGY3LG8PvC4OZmhSniHKYphOcM4Vpm78Zd5hEVxiWCOpHINXBHwlJ7LVCF2asna2x8vEd27lzIdl7IMy6IWHnIfndd6Pg0GsAGVAZraV+4oiRtaAIyrNooQgueor5pKzr4gVLJ9Cawkb9pm6A4656Vp2bF7KpmeBzFMlvCIu7ESHobDPTET5ltkA1ZfU618VvticF+e6Tp3UdQBirlu+aLt+64nIsS62FSkO6E+iTCm9VxEXbRMbVcDMW5BHbP5NJVZmmbTlLdU/DBuQKhlLPCEVauyI1dlXfvF6v8WA/zXr99wMy44BkpSO9Rm6X2L/RVwZbxhJ9WOE2BvqW9y9c6kP2V7CakkM+EobSiQiyyT2YEdkFAe5ekmJstlqpfzXPjeUg6gPda+k2Xp+Wwr/dTogSsFDVzL54fXupSgoASqakyzy/k0t+cBFqcJ1IP7xWyaFTQUQMLYc+HYVnRM++PcsOOhfvS1IZsgxYai2Bq+8bp1ZAlJcb60rhwS9AptGEMYl5PleZZWOwzE2k1Zr/lrrZyHygnuOcaVRUVFLriPD4dD3EbTqQTcYrkiNtroJueOIiP4D3PX1twocoWBhk6ARiBBcwmiuQkE5jqklNqqXSUpanjZ7Ms6KT+6PEn+/29IN0iyPONk5JmtzJwnly2XWuL0uZ/v8/wIeOekcebe0ViXvs16ESNV+R5c8B9+/OGHX7n3f71NAc9rqTq2tpJ7ZNNYazWKbRxyJNlBDoVsRsGXV9meOg/sMeBKSEMTFONcyi050eHsr5Ro56t1cx8M41j4NOCqSDw+pUOeZFMiKPnBFRX6VrJZWfFR+GqfhkakIQJ8B7EQVW497ZBtlASTj9oCyg44C6nG2rN949DVU5YdhuP08DAOD8c8PdT91tjmQWxgV31epxXg2kn9PGa5pnQt6G3Hdc5rRmgxgFTJLJckw9B9qisKlr2F8d0FPMHhlt18gXEC+DK4zBoY/QX6RtrwF9YMBeib7yQGfP+XfzGimtu24p4x8Hy9CcxlhZsRniJOD7yFiEeyPFvJH7FH/2AuI+pu6NRO64pjEm+rei9wKBuqOqHR37GONOik4zA1TfYQgWFsVC48NB73mDqc5xtWP7VfH1TBY5Yu37hF74xGgF4HDkMs14j0siwhmFfbYpjntGRveUm7N5O4mfoozQ6tSOQkzrIqbU5CTaRYBF2FxVZfC5trEd5yXIGcs1cHn4CgF1sX715NtDc2oGHBRjQ9NiADbfFTLRXyy3+atqGEl64iNKU5AnafJ6KlbzOO9cd/slLgrzfVAbXnqR4opz0pqEp6GoNXWaOaJRlsyFm1gRUDBgdhumDp+/u8EXZ6lB3vnUQVnORw6NsUxPeTbfgzHe50P5FuGseqraoyD9pQIVJC1Vnm1WYIv14B7YN55j1irITEzNU2WM8ARJq05JNnWIBrFWSTjfAu6peHyGeZHXp20wH6yDU9qbKTHI7j9DDUWRM1wxB31yK94bjqZc7qvNS/FH2MvTnPhJ09PvbnhQ42O+PFhmnwZ+hgDXyykYKji8EEbHPZRB817k4D0aHHWxv4TSzgu3ki+sOfP6+AinY9VQZl/qhyQoL8gDFc7Jgv0BIGQxrT2GlNg3gN2K7MKZ4DgcRzQZTnSTNQexNWrThl0/FpeMjKnEY0jliVWTY95Q2JdJSXomvTKFGy0HbbBXYCv0wBT4vp1KmtsbmPuDPPnEjNWtMooAaaNk8oWXhxl5dpKME+18qoQdcA2Z4UQ6n27h0BeS13aZ3H4JEkRZzXVf+4j2w/yoOk75rjC7mdX/sKgVq4BlvTDKsQs3k8muU8M7H5PDwP/d0aKFDnweWGrpEhPk+XimQVZhf7ztYXqQbewv70/1XAP/2D8RW+/+XzBxLz62BMNa3RYzMctnfyVopPLA7qZGx7Qb+j7trNu1L2EUqqFbc+lPq2MeJWSapwM3SHFtyPA/9o34Gy6cu6rx4eDr60uSPCxp9VQQWHoJehuvq6uoYFNpLLwWBzJqPaGJpclC2oRgkXufMcCkFyeZJUBUNVD92CZosKJ0i75RJIkbztynqgJ8+qIDtkVV52fZEF46Hp+jhLrI9Fufm4RotnQZ51BaHBqR1pS/31eRxnLhbJ1473epQaClZ7PJHGnRjnLMMC/6MTYunfQAH//e7v797/8u5vn1dAhK/3EbAmFQakmVepzQDLwh393lQJIKevBJoU84Bv8LLlqA+JikpF7xp3E9UREo8pNSr19NTCVIHbugVFFh2fotZhXWQVLNXedV8CRD0H/MrCmjvjrRlBaovz97uWKwdZIud3W/prmzBI8JMBIc/lPIGmpE5onvAIQ2PhF8uadsea/RbNaLB+vo/rKA4VB5Py4bD1Vy/kdiCHU0FO81BcyuIde3ea9ibBStvx7utlRlgk+qs4MpcPkTqMNtOnep2TR5naT9S5WfLqAqicLghKSgAAIABJREFUpEENvkUZ5sOPP/3084cbTLItx+Xe0wRNZwGsL0SmLrcmWWFZxi2hXkshjES52CbQdLzusUpOaNHRnQAyQ6kfBWBJlYy2JSupTtOE2rwdY3qDzTG4H0Wc5tgs+qXOK4R17HHwdfSJNyigABaiIOjQGJRmlWoZV4mvi4rSlw4zDGuvB0BCqqAxQOZQeqHx4OXjhaopAn+BEdeQKC+MCCZaqoPKfjxkdd4Zj/gsX4CO5UkMaI3ZX2S2Lav4LRg60CGSGfJXXgg5eiB64X8XsZs/C+MsJJh+sZ6D/CFrX7nSgnuhzvyeC9GCXZiYsAIE+/hbnstLtvdL87Rxu56xZOnTyAXkN11w5xJ+WbxU8w007JTtc1kxoa9IddkC9dM4mDSOT6K6A+PDdF9GVb8vh+PxkLV9nI9jrTF8vi8urJ1jQP7cuucgGrJDZSv0NK1ncquiVThieQa17IpnFgMwjZpmitdxuvlK+qk45+4v9FZg5TnMQQrYoFosxVjjkdj20v6t6FiOvwiopNNPvlzHOo2QEbY5GBLZ3bDeM5GBaZ1CRRvgJiWn1d5XxD0PTW+axIUzuPC63Q6vgKmLjvBNYsDfPcttQal+qSStDQBhXj6qHC+BWME+mJ2BGlicMxj0ZSIQa2vuJiUc1nFcsv2keMW5hW0oQBzq+10+HYskafPgeBzvpymoswqoAgP70Yz50SHzt+htPSeVwjZiThHXadGtlVY2BK+m8R01VIJZ9WMvrCX3ChFGCeWKuNonFgNegVJpJ6S0RWR7RjQFXboIuF0BvaUz1p/Li9au90ATxEFuuERGCgdPK8ee3UeSrtI8Pi9s1ZX6rpBt3dNDx3VfctmdlkoFM18gwBwR6ianpfi7SUJ+/yw3Hkg9Z8K6LXP71GxcgC2sQ7wgRnjFimYfdwRyah3Cjs3+oD3xfJV6XuBZhuBjkEien7pTebSTp9xf+UQ2suJhLKki7uFp9qScg0f1N4Kdv9LjtRRyvGib2zhSsREdaxqXcnzTyanKWSlQ1j7aSTO7hisBybXMhGa3QfrRQQR6RXR0t4iNQlVjPWPPlPqAyDKxHV7ZbDaKI/6HuWvtdRM5w8AA2uFig8Fcyn1gMJhrWFlRoqBW3lpnV1qpW6/iavshStX//x86A/axfZK252xWSvzBOrI5aDy8897f58mevdxFVfnUE7uofJUcaHow4CHJIsm0PeKYLELNb7skieN8h4NTesEitPi2TEvyeT3sD4f9uAvmF9bOAB/a49PzKTBT7nwrAvj27dvXb97/8MP7N6+fXwuex6b9pcXk0WZniYzrEYVFKaOIgtRWNNLSGXVoQdLJIOK0pUVcfR8JRttINF2arYXKKU/HgnXH3lNciZGa/akouuCS7oCbiaZF0rgvKK6iGzBu/qqxdN7ROB3AJcr8Js3LYtfkiyWagNUiqMm6Y+XrbSbsGo/yJ02/lQgqRiQ8pdQx7JL2vKMAKu6ZB4Z1bYPiWgi0tqUYrEouyQS+q6sEvaQSovKexOj6OU/Mk3tZ1KJsvQYXkA95GK4NZymrRDmqrGzXn8wHyMBa6bquOh4iDh3Fh71JwZwjsskobRr520nD/Pwjff/x+WSFoijqs3vk1kzMA3GlTTBLUox8HHeqZho8TMbKYeGSbFsSkbhCYVLkRHXQOEZZ1V2NtrgcJQaONCLz6yA41n3Z5fT52lue+pIR5MT/njF4VnW/x/3Fr+ZuRHkVOLpr9jCUuLUtowxFtsBk+XSlsBQsnYkMhqt4L/aIHjvfwNlovkURWkLLcU2RHo4n0ZE023ldMbY0U1wFJXoRUY1sLPgiqM8hKrA5c9sp2wQHihwhLDhPm2DVp0NxLMyuKSXTAN4je7rSTk0OMlk3P5MxeOV59frqqwvgq4ms+reXU3VBMXXkvPI8HnpqtACh0gIZbIImGYmI1Z5F8R5VsGvrmlg3DHReZrJdjup8P3TFoWkYfaxERloQ9VScfHKZxUOeWK9z36AWLr+ovYSihSR+OHeUytfH5dl94fFO6cxMYTDiGUPgZ6h/Eq/Y0NSBW1L0Qvs6ASKFjKvdlWSeUnOEa+UuS/rS5YZJ3PY9LfHNjSl5NZIPFnRe3uKmDkyJvw0bqp5irdmyOqdvWH7xpBBHZFCgmSAvDbLZUi9gWwlrioyio5hjzIiSyAGF+7oC+G5iCv7Hu/8vgPdHUAdsxSBcEq+jhAtn4vzFmz5PMjTUeQhc6LlAEVFxOJLvwoBd2IzUt8EwDEEY4vzoO8UxivzCIH71OGopjg3nPthkvlAAafjhWXOidnuRZsWy/VaN/LKuNApRyWmQXQU2MxepSLxiAgXkE4AShcS4iCAdMLXueNPNOwl013fc5lv2pcu1z4kb3vcRdSLZllYI9Rhs6W0V5YZI5qIAOTqemM3/tp2Xds+/QHOLbG9ctZygSnKG1yuG6zrg0dFZSs9zTcB8DQH826t3v/767tUNIupf/vzqzcNvnzmj04abwjQkwbBZnEkYd91pJCGHRBwhJYlPeUbpLtNlVeW+8CEj4lnINrEAQ9Wk5e64H4ed54u63/njh7Q/FpVAe5m8Q+wPJQTPHrV4zhOd89lLza9D2dTF2QirssZb+grCPh9gpIaTqdY6G6lMOMfdCiMlze4iP49DSDQfo/JVm10Rkkx0VR709rc1G21Da/u/kytOVCODxz30DDuOz9LDh/cMseHn8qOi4GlPKufqDSzg3DvDsDEggggg7xnEneDU5bYLqq/YD/jT+4eH97f4lD+//uVfD9//6dNiUcJNSCNLgWailHXOLfb1GkOrLOPQUmyHuDB7g+/xh36kl/YDJmotswGo84/7ssix4FLAdpPRSrPKgQTx2TULj1l73AjPB3561pBF2k9NSZzcdh7UrAXFSuga//xA5LSCDJ3CFPkR1/iAq72gRC7rK5q8wDcdOBTfQ6f8hWDNSpplEKmS1dVUjY3AhbHSoOo6fFRRXN87svQiKBuX2EjHseeAmqH+im7KNlpdwu5m9b88QGkdhmTnO+ih4jZ1es9nd26qWQqqBx0lg22cVs2aRFPcpbHsm0lE//O7f3+yRVGCfDRj1bkCaDugD1WRK2Jc1gIKBS8dq7rcyz2qrLZ313HCl8FgCYHi5R/HrMXlxl7K7HYjl2NMHByRwamtswYqqxMOh8AD6h8qgIyKtmdKjyVQxTD1uz4eykkqqM1h96nJaaYFbIeVRBZIqCFPxQiDzOnsXZ7dPt26iquJ0tXkLVoOmdWbwDFsOM0ISpB5fJ+3qiDX8C/RgKbsussospX11DFqTA0HpvCoxx6TmaJDbEbpGcqNaNmA5UQbmYyu2kIeIIXutCpx2Z3a5MA1LcXZS3Y6IfantaZvQQD//t0v8x+3kKNVo6GLK6Vbhbwe8QIXQY7LHKCFs2usNbPBu9rLkB98oMKqZdW4yFC+P9Z4QXuJhCQFwRHXwTHUxUPs7fLCc3KN8U+uD5kvF8A7wD1JY5W+IK69X+A8OJ7qwlAnIyS2VLw2R6AWjat0RdvFSbBLA0qMxYfJXrO9Po8vnhHt/HTDTiW/GQphWZFAlT3HSebUw0oighZCEksZF/vnBezLl3uN0xUIaXa0TYKCFxZbw6JZhjloosBWsuy0srwML2TuJjR0RlyvH7mEtaItyE8qq/Iubknjx1HN5PqpH5QQXkhzvxUB1B8uaZkbDM8M7VaiBVk2orVgHolD0B0OpacYLe+I8nDU8vVK2n3coWMdWgOJgd2tCzZJ2u3LA6a1UgUsjHY8ok2H0zINP7YU9l3SYl3FB7aL/gABvIccXSGoLbZZthaSfaz0lO158jNtZ6IRi4+7YtglVkQ1j90iEpWUgshsLb9ph+DQxICE0JI3EwDyqTpzVMuaeeFSuJAVyjMNVmheiih98HuWSzeeU7OiCxXDIzucOSwjrkxVdiflR8uSZ2Cr2dhLW8p2rk+8ShPoIrs9F9n8fn7d4TjMiNc6VbBacAMODdIAwTio/a/TkPrZ11+//+nTM7p2QSeRE29NtWDXQIdjerJNdqm06YDxCSGc4OQ07OqeUUacmE7Kx0tZtup9GXLaB55fcnwwjj1sNSTKzccTnQJXNeM/zF1rb6Q4FoUyIFG8Q/FaMAVU2QVl81i20apXomcWDf11pZpVpP0S9f//FWtDpZJM9/YmUjTdlqKoiJQQ+9o+995zz3UF89KcW+V9T0A221aRBYuqlrrnMjUt2xNLcpfHGPm/oCYoS25rn3baJmoQJrLu0qFwaU0gItn1LHMwup7+fK33azJu7c+wOjgGw4nF6ofscPHm103W5AWhzZFfoN8oL1FAmK7CVrfmQEqY2JW8UwSjCdyiVEPxRat08aE1+ZMVja6a/6G+Bka3LzyV0LL8tjTdn8QAf/v4z2+FYTzQreFX3hUvz6apu094NEpqxzq/r2J5v/VnItHL0KLjVp2ZWxV7aZHdg9NeK3J5F08zwrrDzh9Z9YxLP52EiGGvKEKzlh2FdzDAZz/0JeArTuyfbZdPNtgIu84WxeMS1Fuo+YKkb/aYJ6d4mW8KUK+qBZxxgbF5IpCEu7MtdbmqMTzmuDR6ZEorZ/sYrYeg452dVdgqaHe8F+VxUTq6etGK/noMCK78/kL+9mDzSCa6CvjS5Cbjm4KTa6p4hrhN/a/HsaGld14p1Auz9zHTvSueg4Slgtg89PlPYYDObx//8+3l1qBrBx7vC3rqknrinbSSpiUIt+OXMY56BNsBIjhOX+6JnEvDUNW0rnrowQGrJr1csAWIHsjOodgK5nzOCCZ2g89H1O/w9p0NsMMlN5hAu0YV2c53T6mKRWfRlLv2UhSUzI5TkLq8cwb1QobmS2IZkS4n+UzkLTvfAabMfdH3umKuNeBbPYrYZixFbmxhutjyxuZinIJR8ZrJYr2BrUcd0tc5ISvTAEjGVz0Ed3uzSGTdUFywUxTFUF+o+G70/LD7n6xAJ7D9a8qYuR1OqF9r6+/kW0G7YujA6yhu2vbPNsBfnsbTw98//ePz589/+dZy7ymB+rJ/OlJdxrHVMwjzyDHoZRqnStnhGeP+fozj6culr1w3bmg/2Xhi124/oK4ra3YL75vMYdcUSrZ3J0eIjX2Jq/Obug+8ZkVzULTF7orKxxllPHh+pzSxigquZnjtJssA3Br4EF2PTr2tqla0xC42bp53aMjZOKCR5l4ehmnV+npXSUleZVndjz06dOVIazhc5nEkTaFWTUnIpW86P646PdTeHgcUwUuOqcOuC/cxwGzwupEXdVQ7U5XV76IXR1vrja3QlwGCw1ivTB040qawy/xAB1T3mXYC15D1n2iAH57G08OVHfP3r6fI2QOqJ2WjtojmFnNmiRpOFUbTNCFIy3zoZGaH89jvGX7yygGhAdFSlZKocIR0oEnc1aWlniC0vCKj9CiIJJNbuQTtsbbe2wBDLFodBcpOhSPyN4c5F7mq6D4MiSqTQrnRBBmi34Yp8COplIKli6SxJh2UA8JdxivDQ7c5YKRblnWkfeJLe8s6yV111NMWQ5IxRN9aYY4eTClBbIm/jC2dp0qV5NPbDVBwwmdqM8YRuM/vhk3qPrWHXHRVxVB+PXoOW09yM/1aAV8eJNmXs+4UidsOPcYcf1pCasBuF32/OccU1rGg3Y85VMaxkP1ThaiXwjlHw0jnIfDLPOBh2rLsgBrrmqBIgohsRc67TJNlz4LIDPJ5MOQ89tnZQS1oQOe9DVBIEoPBPoRos3YWnxpJy3Ya4W1bNwnyxYXurGgeQiQvVK5ZA66Ex0XBR0vt1korzPEWSIMHRDTmhaYqwXYZbW4uCPd2HC6JqHABSf656U06Zjlk56P66te99oqTeH/ijZdepYmAKX5tQ08H4A6Egh7fMcTAfP1XjIc+O0jHlILrZ0BzmsXsedLpoteuQkc/rQE+HMMoKsV9K+VlRi73HQr9LzKDLXKz1yPRg4UG+0MWYhthHoQ9ho/8cdF36tqyIyEtkjY0aai4RTDNuaHeHYfGjetDWgjvfgImDGDGDH8/Hid13cChl5r1T2lVmchhDCRXewJQniFoxZm9tyJ74Lhdei66q5aXb6eU+ajdURTudJmyvYRJhylgfkDk6GsWuyqW3wQbQV7Uqa03BKLFK4vZ7Io9T22u43mNUfhYvHELoOQoyyhW06NuXf3ewPjuKKuoY9+0zn18ErKvKC0lTmz0yh+Ritv8+svHT2z8/+U2m6zC8zwNcz8Mw6WG7eaeo+0rbdTzARoLcifQgfjtC8JZEEiYpnfCThIbDHPqWrstvBz1olCzw3LBEOPdDVCtxnpoJPmWaY/wQOgo2dd8wFaNGciT3eBZzox3HlOMvZ8CsFxIXMZSOOrCUgeTMVcz4TqpbnAENWZrCIK9eidsF6LjMpcHXsC7HfxbhyXl1a/78FhKnON+GhFZB61KmwtueGlOy9h7PsyC1NI5fD7Rzjm1vwdl9nCz1jAqsv7kAKvySty60/TwBxjgh4+//vXD759eIdGrxw1BqM+oL25PDGsX54ETXa5NvNktRAeARCGCEKppLUXGLXt59mess5VtS4gyFWdtReGFbAQf09X5NYjw7gZY5OoBoKwsE3XJWm0BPFSAFOhRb9rxYoud34EbrxEN2Y12NyE4x5JWNCh32dgTmtv61g1Czkt2Q87SF9mB7vipxpP9qSutymmBrW4EFWvWyXkzG+a8sE1XcpW1RIvbGqJ+nNmeny9TJaWyuZCvdzw0vQ/94o+blguvbZ73Rf/D0HJdsXeLkuApI2vUh8Ic8JBO17YNMH9EWebf/sUL0//9CoHK+f7S4xIVUVQgUra13NwXTyFNLU2ysu/8oieTX6huU55Tfr/xfsl0fgAWkGxSNtq1PaV2Qako+eZa8Zqk72+AzJ3Mja0d+VldUeZNlEkWaAVJILkZhxYuVGawX8DgVtNj2sR6uBREinHmm2xhOjPUGDpURF3mbdZdP+0qWHmGo5jxVtBsS9Xl1nXlHPOrEf6XuWvrcRS5woYClOJioIurMFCAiwZzDRHJPgRpw8pRXvZhLa21T635/78iVWD32DOdHY8207PnwVLbrTbqOnW+c/1OMw3n83CaRlb2iuzHt0ooyA5g2rerFEkdhk23ttT34xgORxZnTzTeO56ZnE6nsKHhbHmVpMNDndDgNh+mOisih/mQ8e08i5b2epGJW6HHuCybfJGs6xdI3y9TVN9DAf/6L7at65cHIJiXFQS6aqAQnOFsguRceowgYclRw4HG8hV2/V3QpYwpEfRA2vAKEtosmftnvJekGhqaqQiIQR6uIysgSSkufe+V9Q0UcGO+ELGt6MnUpEzmKVUEqQnrrBE29znHdahyVUkk+7pLjQRyqMJZ152FFz9yR70y5XnXgWScj1Pelt0elbjNXWqP9kaVl9U44/o0NRMuw1qUect6+HH1w53csL15rfi0dIDsg0CEedimi7RjXXRFn6a7vi0wTuq5plpYUEnGkc2GTGOY5xSO6ouWUm091DAtihYwN+IyOLdcQUzWOgz+Dgr4z982f/9x858HScolzyCJEyuojYvTTIyV7pSH+ksdGKLE9HGXrW6GXhC8dQ8giNtzNj+bEu4MzkvwgJOsaQaoUsCaWrbT90n52qWUD5kU2YVVGciM40d+Tj276wbSj+d0HGv4ybQdv78Al3n7JO7rihopABE15raqB7uXFfl4tw2H+XQizURdtrIr2h7T4B95Qqm6qqwEXT2W3tfcl7dF7rIoXjslZUsLete6VulMFPGSxXGazLg6lNvGK4tFGtRa0JsXIce2Dwdmu2ujb58N/fMqH7pP5LyvAv5Kte+Hv/3w6yPHrQXAZRl4aR89l0fyElDcYmfR02CyL9mhBrFZFa9dGSmZKGgb1Dfc7UE+kTbPnIbqLzUkQsTJFVgA2Ie2/A0UEJItL0PldQZWAE09FOOHU1ch526WcjlcMaLOYNoNFPl6O15blW5X1DBjXk9ZL9wP1BbjcQ5DFjZkCU4I6arzqWLLdyDA1XQaH7eAb6VNDvtkYuQMCrRcEURF1bIee0hvw7LkWHntNuXVt3faSW7agYPjHPa23Ypm36uf/xqLSMzvp4Dsu3/78acHjjsGW43NypoasHE+nesVmLQt6V0+WUr1tqAEYxcz275PMY5iPz6k0/wiWjQGzR1D91n/kwjgPgWO0VKfw4yB8/TVz/zQUJImOKZ9GyRqObHQaAwnHCmfZ2/jqkuDZ/tFUl7aMltJripS3BBZtOHIAA3vRN1nvAWHZWoOdJhKSaaa4mERUoXMZ0LCuuzSqBcerxzeMpWSaaIuTVhX80jdwTKrhrncQXDLUL2F8OBbETI3vG6DC0OHeb+teC3ubXsaZuxwTnoyBS736QiIDHzeTuFNe+GfNQ+o8htZhW01T/NxJNOxq5ZiuMD6RdQju4scQYjk0A1wRcK8mnM2uPpMcjELjHnIEyOy154XSVGJq6uR5d01ov1/o+Aqa0hRHaSP3SSWXWZwJ5Zz1UkfR+zXXIm5QtglgSKthKVqj6Mll86A3NppFMw13RHbukWeq/ucxuDvInKARbQVxnkkY16NHW6qMNw9/LhB1u51KnHs9MnOcV5E0HfJ8pbuy6/bmm4tB7ftaMQx1j1aYg3JD8CeAu5WhMad9PUYlhA5wPA5F4H7WRvN0FyDhoax0IL9u6dhfpI3P13ky8edHQcSstXRH84zDcnGymZjfZZhbbh02jOMGmvkVyn/TICqaDHruS/7hmRDsU2Px9J7krTugohRFEl9QARP+iNX4vc/lHyxbRLw6u7t4w3fJv0gd0I4A+o0Pa2dBSt5zCUHtonu3YHYUExLR2IUCXUfXUVIwiL6TGBWtVHQ6YwUcU1OmU+PQ7DY56TB1FDlxVvcQXl2/3MkQkahY3n7lOp6SIYl6lgauvJLsfcqSR8BakcLWC19NU3GXi9K2lV9nUTisl0XNs17K+Bf/r15nBkBdsMwns8Dpg69yh/QWAABoQSBJicVAIJTtIqfDyVaRqZVDKq6Oh6bPTfPxyGXGfKCTlsyHppvJGnubf+gTf7dD9FCkTGdT3lWYoqkXU1jiBajCXu1nBx7TTNkNrqoS2wA2YLLogRFsSPOuutjty8qec/tyB+EN3LnTzaEpXJZHSBbnP41zQi8Z+CmAfH/yAhs7yyXyV8dF1kVdqkgqF/0o58O6tpcg1JNfknXyp8YpYwLZPlj193If1YIxll6+pB7mvI8hVBAMgCm0jZdCZ2CAqnJI5joWlokpEIBSCqKI23/kpKqPo/c3jZc+h+ih2KzeMBWe06/pp2+lQW8JDGGY6CrTsoZrGSKeC8fdoO4TUZBiIG4zrjJhgwtBSypM9QE2+jG0hx8BSLZ1RH4NGyJouBW0Mod3lR47XfvqsBRuceD9ggygiBJ86h3Z7uK9Sk2mG/NSfMqEOMHnZiPpDfcLr3GZjeExK+7ud9XAf/xM3v9+QFqjuD4YdznSYR6kXWLID0tbT/1lG2Tl6xEWYt4mxwqCDTFckqgxcv+FlPtZkepFopH194Kl9QoNEU54t9BATebIsw8Sc+uBoury/EMs2Fo87zf05Nm1PHN1m8V/nIOt1RRJqcKmAwAkLbousK4Y9Tb3UoSLh8WztW59F8JZR7LGpnmlU3D1GhEDqkP2O0ihFR1HdaXImC72u014EQYP+7D+B+X/OHhc95ZBX4fejaKwhs2Bffl4x4JxPkuEvEu9rDOVYaaylkhpknP2oClXu3LmtShftiYbe1vuOsYl5Nk1VIRkPO1DdfkELSptw8276KAMkBlAbJXlUqLcjwmTQ5lxW6TpNhBuBtD0mGDuhExPeGVLE+SNd9VD0JJchbzs8nmJMmyfutb/JuisyCF33rg+oYH5cdrwWmYd68pI3EZu9sitE2LrgUiKHBBzSIXoyhN7fhpTckC27rF5IVC+m2aNo/V317braifbgXw1Z8VqB0U1P8yd629bSNXlG9k+BIlPkSW4lukJXEoMmq42y0iuKtAu4sWTQADTdv9EGzR/v/f0LlDynpETmQr6+R+SGwHMUacy/u+55hAxfQ1pmFe/Ap/XoIR7UCYwQozFI1Vv5iQSMdeC8NI8GFkBOEYrRK8ea8bnIQbibi1/vNKOMNQT5MXZQjTvW7ITxWJvI+a/TwKyCw8GeBDdt/y+KaYYrzKMfhc24hx+/7ut/fr1XbV+CFP7dgkK0tcJUlV4sae2na1bDKcLUlGmZSrrkRS3Us2B2Squs5WwLNNMs6dEMv5iONqJhJcGWadRxZL/+7E8kyHZMVoCe2zDKCx8jao6kakq0v7rMRfmO55oEqaSXv9A1CagLhdkg72goBBBRWbOT91xs+ugLe3L17f3t6+fnk5WWGnV2wsy2FcWKpI9E8KfaPNq8BE8/etyhgNlDM0azwl3mu93grrIiPpWYYh+9K795fxraeHgI9UQM4YMlG9W+UeJmIgxDW5Rt0Ajslp3TSGoTgqM3SCVQKTCZQDxHNQyjsDFrZ6iK2BEQG/b9XW86LM272sQACT/G6zClraDuukTC4+LqqFqWNP5tUnZQ4lRyJFvloXyPTkR1cR3E0Lfhsd5ywsz2lmEz8/RO+rVy/++erVq7/88vfLrlseACCvOtA42UHk6vASZwhlVbEypfHMGJOQf+61M2IIcrzabjcrXNdtESQQ7B+ljUOeeXoI+NjeFmyCaXlfk7YdnA54bVa2geobSVm7SgPTSeKAsxQHb1dlSWdQAIicmMEsbtIgQZeJESRNefgD++Ljsjd8PVl4BzyFkYOWsxMhJvle87d3mxIHHwkx3LNJeiiTWZxBUzio4ma5bQENum2NY4RUCBhC8ysMI3Df/9R1Qz5/3RZANqrakPgEdyFUcR1MB7i8Ib45rmpNtjHJA9Os3v62FlU0mWSVo2kqapBr0OqucuRxFeeKEPCxCkhxg6ZLWkdxdSHheM/l549wAAAgAElEQVRmpuW2yvJ52tQlrbEZGO6ubrI2j4lnCqMRCeNGwFQYEOME79wlmaZPgkT9KRjRqs1ZA7HeeW+iMDhZ8kC9pTxk5jQhwKKi3WPIwUSPbCljx+ePN+oc14PTSyShWm1D6PCV5QYsNjXdJKAoy9WqJM4dPb8CMn/68dLrHkcyrMj4YVpX+fZutc1JPlnxy2pVLqIwZIGVa70NNncxmpN3sxB9PnRJWOsMYECYO0ab1LUrQsBHd/dB+S0Reu4sjwa+NUC8zKjzzdIce4pnngCtWDryhrBFz3Y5DEuHsZpkb24oPYPRpAaJoNJ+CbypM2I627v8UOLLFZBEyo7q0oCNhG19sQCot8wOl3B8bldYaebJvMJBu2pLOl3VS4GzOhX7t2ChDGG/HazqrFwCLdK8TW9M05nqJOZt4gpGv+h/S7+CAt6+vfS6SSplYHhfigmPC6GdRzIvZji/W+OiQJbFi0X73hyn1SoPBvwNeRkh4V3wNkARcDtYZUsZuOrCT5krQsALC9GCaJtqN9cEwGq85PFKagyAz0mZkRzKmQHRTFHMxcN6HtAvcKahqou0yItl3dZQZEE+mJE+cBrKrNoUAca4LIOy6KWqU5K3ek88rqXYM++ggxup5kIXgXnO93VvOOrwKICuZtHv/C5gwsAWJk2ThgvVSZe6csBQ4qn+7tWYkc/R6FOScs1aLJomuUX7nhF7rHxk2p9XAd/evvvpMpDyenPXLlX3g7Bc3a2rhPerfJXHybZWB6ylt3frVBFbmU+1dn6TsiR9k8dAwgGv7Qjt9M8USKqmwK7+FSHghRZQkgE+l/ijaGQRfVMjxjImA1gmIiFXSTTFoeREw3771lMojW5HvyANPG00HCpGKfiiwPfRVDObTUQTtoLFAfdlj+uZJqr2egHoCJo14kYjqByY/FRj9h+qE1jpsCzwz0MOkAA1czIxNeusROFScMd6uUzG5gyRW9mJdsasPnMZ5uJWnLBQhHnis2ycKIxEHgiXl6Kbu+wNinGyWOpNuP5g+CR3LDBP2zzuLtXidhnAdE/Se0UI+EgXDEuXdSaGOBQ6DHBoani5fDjPxFihCK5O0E3HDmc4ILaNOtuUluXuFcP0+VmWLe8LdgBSOvoSx1U1SqV1JqxkHahv4w7z97yE/bpIWONqottnhU+yzbolkZ7vF3vohIVIP7TTm8OvoIB/7uXgR//9+YcXb848P0VEqmmIuG/ZsFUo6euGR/ZYk7io4NHsrppjcT447ZJyfGcAh/tdGOaaEPDxE55DzZ256a69RfFLhdiia7bDrrWLukNLlsJSq9IRsn0u5xhpypjS9qiKfE4uZ8ukkL+WcfLouEjkF93OkBTtRxHJa+J659EQiLXUlbP/IqUzmeIT+adbIzDW2tnDb6MX/O4fb84pYFw0tL/fxW6yUQX8pEiRGNJSOu8zHg5RpH68yUriP1g3YyThAADrmhDwSSPGkr/cqT9FcB419LZdJAN8xQUcfoykGur5hBQGZvxziC6PQMnXYOxZPiWQOT9jQF6TSPUhNYl6n6sRx6x4dHhrYKbJTHQHpyLWHXOQFl7zdH8H+cO//0PkxDG/+eSBZDXO01qxDC+URxy9FF9bzFBKXmHhY/1T6Jgdxx/e8jUh4BNn3Mc77shRQ8NRlZqUJs/K9IKdFIpZ7j6kgl/guA+yonyiiMa6i12q60DX2O3FSZN5o8NX6o3Ze1veZCiMtWB9Uwr468/nYsBPKSAx8k2sc5EjG1p8j6/ZoEWcWq56Cl7MRZQGV+Bk48g0XhMCPnXJgm9M4LpCAoZevNRPh0iuRrIl4ug4baDatAcbsSOwMgPVsd2+/e91yHzDiO9HaIcyTQIsmftSxx1/ajytYwsGYulduj411SOaXzjTvoEncZ5tGAaPhLBP8k3Kj8woU+abUsC/fve3l2+/f/3uAQU8QLBzuikjkvnGBtT1lKqZxEpv1m5KpUCSZChHzKIjV0A0ExmKzbGVuSoEvAhwj+Tbyom1Upxxx/bHJY28g8rbh/rCVPU0SyOa5xI1pXEWa0VTxNtjDy3uuTEHvO53CQiUQcjXC+4LHFclv7HKHm6yCOLU7JF3e6H01Y4uHm6pCGel/wViYZCoIOW+LQX84V9AFfLmuwcU8BAhldyQOQ9Qkhc4wDgJTAlgovBSVVU/cUsfxor3PcahpvYceBBJi5Nj/3JVCHgZ5ChHqS3H7L6RsN95s5YThXx7kEeSRNCGmxJ93vsogxkfAQQxJ7ULz1CH1x8XRIx+v4smJjQ9IIb/ZhTw5Y/MH//H/Pjy8xYwLsR4UwipCvGuK1Q8SrZE+VDQflDYJUy8yHzk9HdPzKXuqyZxGCFPF15OXO5VIeBlJoXiCBAvSs1Vx2Rid1EAZyl6Af03Ytv+z961sKWtNOGQBEpIuIarwSQERG5yEatQLV7KEfFoaz/r12NvPn6n//83fDsbghAuJ4miac++Tx+NlXUnmzezM7Ozs7pejtJxjxGRjVUY3p44UWG5E2O5RrRvcVmDJ4CYeeTormolZLA//Nz+Zxsw3vjvf2BFu5zPb6F/Ii8XE2JZZZPadq1+kpea+T9en+D9DAwreuIFRghDSGMUzkjoZY2x4Q/lpqiVEHDil4hS4bRY8I4yf+t5pLTVLVlXd6ISYkWZRrpNYrikydP0Bb11kQ8GbLwjdIHjx4VxcWo/jhTbODF9tPQWGWcEQqWOePQpVWAk6kYC7u1Rd11/62xSgLs7/6e745kwzGv2B3IkkBKHw+KU0oZaE7iEEGk0ufzrk0ZTaiAXRGJw4IBnZdO7nBGoIOzAoKPYUo6unICm+ScQjwfT0raaKCRFASqXJgVej+w2q+vV0rS5FZLUYrGGQ9FlJgmlRcHZX+r/xpPGXl7kcOLSarAZ1/qJ6c2azr1Rlp4GlfvL5XJJCgee6ElPHYQ8NTiKPDJGXqpI+drdl6nYNLZM9mdi9QHYv+0NYCN9qybRBV4/gi2eZreRiygKGTjQKixzSSY5M2q+OpPgn+qFdlxqIMYkgkg94ZJrXjBDfWFWFhg+odeHmfdwuEbTW5C8ONxpSv8cIaWEM1jlPSxwGbCuAeNJNQmLwBNbonyxeLjQzFchLUaCRduHmr0eKE8EHrEMqyAVS5jvfUQzXsYUbHxOAq71u93zL3Yet4dlE0K6DhuimYBxuFZaRipOToRGcQ1+nq4IPKHYj6h1UcFvORx54GOCwQQDBSHjEZ4WjFLKqRnhkebmTK4mp2XreEM6IJdDVkl+nDRanIBmWdyMWFBzBaQ4JdmcZNjEWYDbb09gKU0/yXArX86ppXo2wrFMtv6AJldI8wuKA855AHRYMs5ffyECfm5d93vndh+3fj5GUhkFAX1wxmm8roWfTezHFFuBg+spXJ83xhiLUrQsUFFeXzBIR+a4olM2g20LwtJaMIS4NlSOqyyacwN8uJDN17ZULQSnZE6vQOs7mqK+YCrJMsgwSmWmd5fOuSU+ybBC8IVtwDay/f7q0PbGL4gPa6AZKQxLplQc4hZ0PhugfgkCUrgOdNx0MuJEfR6fyHieX1x2q1irVd+eQGUrrOryuKAV0nPNCKeVcrlcSYOd5FopX0XaEHJJN6pbapYd7S2SCpBmpMecfEFeEZJTu0vlhCgY0E805kRP1NkAPiU6cCBNa2hr/DJ6SQGRRZNZSmPVdSkTCFTZKPWLEJDKQOkCxRQJz0xUlwJLd561JDNsOrAicYMQYo7F+FCWET3I9mMaatMrIEtPLEhsSEwpqVQaFj5GQQU6qIhyFqZ/Va1H5IrgCUKiZVIvtgmJ1J6pYCUd92QUCEll682sFoHKCrPQnr9EL94T1zq2NH6K/v4kcSF5n1Ityly+xm1VsyW1XJWe1Wuy9ET1UvD8HMZ4NORRFHO6w1sB1YB8VraoFwbCpXE3Tt6ul+uTlli9uLGlcVquWi2Pz5KRsEu9DBnrUaMYBtTzTMlMAWd+aTmkAuuRkChgrzoJnYHLowPWCAMZJHtCzpbXX2/UVE2q6J/Ahf8Q2ZqwOSQyjrfrSbWxBQiEIs+fDeMfIHQu0BfKwjsKD1QR0auqeLXGxmaq2UBGPMQ4PDzlOgJmRhzwMrJgnmzAioOCHKOj2LAPqy/sGstcYklVIVO9noUHyDJqU4QPBWhfTJHR/7FSRYANt1B9afMhCWCMlE7/oGVx06MDkfA2hmhwnBqd8qrr2zXth4LDi5mwkhr1ICQ4RhI8tEeQGK6Sgh1MakNjIa8f/U4rg/RIOaIpmh0t9SwHW2y+wLbM/TH++XEjZRINFiKVkIq8sO0/mgk1MltAwj0EjI1jFrzIlRqjbE5J4A2LNxCZXMYPhtFcp1tNWnl9Pdcsrxe19Kb0IyR5ZZZFmgW00GiG84LvieN0EJXHfu9kdTX4EQqMNzQH54QEFIkZJ1MlOSahBHwhToB6/ria6VRtBiREZGwVxFNStpGDHR7r1XzdKwqbCaQFI5wkoVtgtLGjnES2Im/aOpzOqoKi8M9OQDuPO51dP3m7USznG2hqEH0+OfXSEi0XNwQpIGieDMFEKcqMFxRhPIyuuAqainwUz+olarUSohEy56UfMMeJjKxXW4l65HK+VILap0ixhAAJEYq2ROnpuUuvg+AzI54RvUn7BNRJOFJzxjkNYSZO0fyMY4vmnozIQvXWGOw6yijjWgibOEYYySK1CIWjoYg0mIuNuhZRa9tvT7Y3jP1VSJuUy1vbVQgoca4mYDMnZYJxT9iThnOgaS5MuZqAs081XIFaQ7R+2CJkHoBv2WhykhierOg4qdQDaWQeVhJepglbfxJiRWYe4n+jKKCKHFUtMj+HRXQurmmhhVmSp0DzooyN2enKCEZZDgNg6ya87I9NhefTRngaaNqsN1P41oOuJqACMVKk9NfzYNVqPPWLEVDXagLLJMIxOhaIB+eUE52EsWvH0DqwRXIOcI6el10xASmfEeZ/4dF9wcct1zVGlgqbAddI5Gz8okFBlnUP9h+RxDOZczwdAeH0Y2RNJHWfPRHyysvAOhM36WoC/ioS/bbi+gKw9YPP8DjPhl6GRyV7uJuAa37/mulq9mLu1eTlnB8t/MLhE53+e4vFNn83N3UssH0CTv7FOcO7+DOLPj8r4mKhCQEJAQkBCQEJAQkBCQEJAQkBCQEJAQkBCQEJAQkBXwxf/cNXY5z6/aemq9mLuVeTl3N+tPCLMYb+rxbFnf17i8U2fzc3dSywPXHNf3HO8C7+zKLPz4q4WOil4r4Ehn73YUjEfRlxXwK+4dclL/fwlTM8quXQZ1VcR904k21hq6/WxV3RkNlqu1Rct8G5vfBMLR1140y2ldtOj+nAfQuUhICEgISAhICEgI/D5c6lu1s66saZbM7v6Bk6WLlwBAQEBAQEBAQEBAQEvy+iR4et7uB29JNeT/DWWlNcFrlrtDzstL9Z7bSNu+nb6HJaTMv4dtBqHX5wNCwj8VY23NGdbmv3yplcztq6FBd7V/eD9ppBwNvT01OLBW13DtBnRxUJj1v9q++dM4t9fkEN3/vf2OlySkzLePfh9vam4+BR/dk+6K92uI9a767Ou68cyeWsrYvxxf+3QUAb2RM7hw/Xnw/Ql+tDG33221G7XY7FtIfed9tNXh283+2vdLij3SOKuux9cyKXs7Zuxkf/lUHAdvfijVUCtrrt84/6NX5c7zrWNxpf9o5sdzkW0w7oMwcacL9PrZCAcB8f/XfoarDvRC5nbd1sBw6Ms0Vuv9/979qqnvlwdv9+t6vPwQdAp5/+U8t9nnWGdrt8ENM67ludnn0b8OzgcoUExPfxEydKXV84kctRWzej357KGlta4M2Ete6RMwJeDGx3aRLTmqL9+OdNz64GHHbvqRUSEN+HPlb2SGTI5aStq/nXPTY5F3aM6mtHU/Dx1PEllro0i2lXRBuui7/T6fj9HXqFw+1kGjXk+r2m4Gi/a4punNuY6S67O46ckJ1uzF6Xs2JaJ6DdJ/XqCuFw/2qVw+3EkTDk+r2ckOvem9PT0zWKukHP6dO726ubaeW0GJ/fHP81aB3jhsetzzbCMJSvfQPfbHQ5FtMWbv4+vr/xv3cyLiuagsf3cdRzFkoBuZy2dSX0rQN7yMNCWuio3ertWjXaz7ud7uBKb2gvEE291yPPNroci2nPa2x3uheO+LcqAo7vI7rT7TgJJu/2nbclICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgILCIN24r/EXwe2Lfj3NJrv37swR0Ewl/+udmJ9GfDjq9i58uG9OB9Vd4rddb+3cTsA0DcNlru5yA1/15ZyVHz3vfj++vO+9+WQLu7e7u/bsJODjYg1Tcwf7/2Tv7p7SVLo5vEhLzhhACBKQ3ttbb29rnepuJAwnkCTAwgoggI4wX1GF89P//G57dvEB4qQra0ob9/oA0hHThfNjdc/bsCZAqumahhJeupeULHoAFu2NpbZQgeWcZZn1TzdzThq0TUEY5NiOjCC6uTa1chO1202wa6EdUKxs2tDx8ydDvYLsBSrBDO1tuTa11sxkAm5ahV+Bzp5l2AVzUTefAzZWp5e/RWfnbWydVbZg3rA467axl243qNgHYh2Nbuw8BHFidXgFa98yoDwumD6DRPh9bLQButf7wvL+pZt6VQVeX+mijU99kQCv/0KsYQ9CwvPG5BrrGyeU9tG1Lr/U6zQCAWnv8oLc2AuA5ezIsaIUpgBX9ofrQBFK+cT68tkcA9IybkdEDgLHa9w9leNqeVbq/bFkXWwTgyKhWtVGjtKf9Dw11LQgiNPPAB5CFX8+tCYA52GQz832QsDsj4wE+vQY9Z9NEewAsN9X/hq2AvMvY0MsOnAKINqd0V9hM8AbfqaEhsTctNG9Fubw+gPW2s1WwaCPAYD8NBvADNOA32zVOURJbDY4z8IwLrbNFAILGyUkLNErnLPrWjLKbC17zAdRcQ56yxQ22cojsU2+h7Psqew9HXqeprSCAmjuVanrbBqYA6s4JP7P1pXYPCk5iyiidvGaQEwDHtlWHbFWc9rPXgDThlKdpkqCPWrkDT6s78LK32wRgV9e7kLp/2SL63s7mAPQMubNRAK+d3RLGTcHm0faSpjFETT0NDsG2C2AtCGDTB3BnvR3Hrx2CZwFEP5Gd5pXdAhUTNb83gj2zgT5YdwrgVdl56WabACRN+BNslHYMzx0bIKsO5gAE+gaH4IRZQdslrP6eVkP784Y+TwEnxBuCq94Q3EW31hj4Q3Dn5w7BPoCTIdi8RY12v98OO+oYnpfRaKHP1WoFhmB7B2yV0Je1s+PswRrYhd74tgCqxvWwac4DWIBOyHhDTkjNcHqEQRm0yiyyHfQ0queVLpAakzBMkXWdkBJ8qdgEI63egx/CcULuH6zNOCFj3wlpWePzNvyB95vD4ZXJSPlyp/o4OB8Zzl6FjjEioRPy6Doh+YdqsX62VQA6v8USkPqWYbZh39LVjUAYxgMQ3G4uDONtKx6z4y7rBC34E90wG/ewb6ygQLTTHwbDMNDmNV1r3PlhmMaGwzBnbc3qwknCXVmz22P4k0fhmNZZxXbmCwm74oRhuqj3Pi3Zhn61Zd1gKPSdO4+flH+bT/DI9rAZQ6ffBMBap9qx8thcGMANqQDnFKXRb/flBktIYmH9dAADJSSxsPDwgrVlAAZKSGJh/XQFS0iCC3T7zt7Nzq+l3+qGolhryC8h6Xok+JbKWD9bfn3Gi1feJ/nH6AzvLQm5/BKSjn69O32G9d6jWEh+CUkMINZG5JeQxABiYXNjALEwgFjY3BhADCBuERY2NwYQA4hbhPUbmltKYgCxNmbu5GE8cihhALE2YW5G4WgCAIXjMYBYC7q5G4zA+OyHmTuxS2XQHSQp7vjPf7jXSsQAhkz3pm70nBsA/hgAFYpw/kZTAJCqiHtArFm1r4HWA4/6jzF3kpO91FEx6zyqJAYQKyi7hwCsGj/C3JLITXxfzgVRiGeeS2aOxjCAWyRzjADsmD/A3FEqM3VEOP9JJi4+gSCzT+1GCAzg9uiqwWvVarn+5uYmVDrg9QrytF/cp9LfGYj5dFwkARlnMIBbo528behGfu+NzS1wuzNBl/RMr5bl6NQSqRFnoghiKQzgFqlYqXReYu70U+ERSpVjST/SLMWoIx4y6EpFh6m5KDSfXKIJsrSAAcRazdykkElNaJRJwKu73jibEeGrkZX+x+cGYQxgeFR3ykP233gOyIhUdPIPjgexFQOA2RQGcFu84HP0OH5bL1iIK0FvWAWp6IpXyAkYwO2Q4RTh6L08Digxy8QTWUU8yrniUrNe7lGMWrVZZJzEAG6FLHcItl5obj5FRZYplxaVbJR3Nc8OcxwB0YPVFn3/+Q9eC94K3WknxeKJdvciAKO0Sqzzn6jHUSqx4nt2s7gH3ArdmiyrF14y4xK43JpZpfTx55VTsZh4EgO4HRotWrPC1hfMfXS0dj7f8fG71d/Ef38aiAEMuc51q/6G5s5+5cXM6m8jOAYDGHqdlkwD1Tubsa/Vyb8hgPzffwFp5TkgVIzGAIZebeu2hhQ8VqoDH0C3PNurzJ2IfyNRdyaurm+f548IGMCQSRsvHGpaFxMA3QKVa5mbUN3IyQHhRAEJYQ29o+cORDGAIZM1D6B0Zt6D1/eASTXn+yxEeu3WSREBD8HhVqc9fyf3mnMXU9YgX2HuRCoyXXyThZe/kRTkyCSlAV6CoQg+KBIDGDLZBqvZUIHuBd3ss1y6XL+/YWQKMkcceJ7v95xZiReUGYk0FZEFH3xJSFEpgs/RQSkYwJCp4Gnu8Hpe8L58mIMdGLUPnwtUQna2hEyy8YPsiTnYx+VkZT+o2EKgkUhTETWoDAZwO7QOgFIuLUR5r7vbjzDeprjsklSsQ5F/aZ0EckYMBjBs6g1ap6B7+cQZLzQ3EwnkYGVoFxUlTixJxVJS67aWxwCGTEWtbfRApfVqABNUwNeQU34HR9LHC30dwS3t/qJxP+clsitnYssW/tI4GyZsKlfQtszzVyek8vFAR3cYDLyQi6eSSYpfcoXJYgmTJGLiweJSsHiEwzBhk1Z9zcb0RCSn8G7vNc1d4eknE/AZKslQQjy6cHjuCLGwEKfkAAYwbDIfEYC19UpzwG4vqeQoVdyfLvUmc9zTcT81C3Kx2REbiV7I/0vNHYmpEgYwdLrOn2q9R/3keQCJ7LzED385fzM5zucvqj6XsiqLQEEjKcnF5g4vdJWz+VjCNJ6IAQyP+BbLGmzpBTswDj66Opa9xIDdvw/9HAE5LqORmIg8m7Iay4Go64Mwambm8KKEXdRAT7FvSbwSEs44TLM5fPKEOXPHvOIu0XjAkZCyEZqQ6edSViUxwpD++6RdeeoXw0tGZ7d/ROQsJyRU1d3oFP8aQX/wSsgWat7cUia+LwFiPsOP+PQxE32y+pq0/+E9xX11ylQeoTCLrGYEnokquQ/QAYnNecaMIFL//UON7WdE+TB3wK8cGML69SeAU63khDAyJVJzrCXjAqMcqRynHmWUJRJz1JdPclISnW6PIZyFX/ngy9c/Pr1/v0tTHz9k3Ssm1Ix3aZL+RmdFJZYlJgssGMBQKQ+laeWyZudX9ILJ+Rpr0/6LJGL7SxQTOFFC08TARQTRST1gEoCh04J84Fwzl1UiHGIwGyfAcpcGAxgeVRo3ANw0KmuFYaaDazrHPDf7o5LguzuNeAqFXFAVGVRHAaIJGVRTDHqBwQCGWuYlerx83UoIwT1T+wWVpUSub8KNV0fnKm19/vM4QudSCqpJFPH8aNKNSytqOqgYBjBk0orosaitDyCjUKmngy+M6BXmJdFqR1KmdoWZxWCFI+EwzEfVIxlkD+feHCWCSmIAQ6aS3jw7a+prV8lPyKio6VMi5XcykYW+rCh+oUWZomfpA9KRn7mQoOI89ZIq5hjA8GjvCqXfX72gQuqSApXx91//eE89WePl4P/snVt300gSxy21pKV1sSTrjmzdfJMs2ZYTDAnkAgFOmEwmkIUcDrMzzMnC9/8Mq5ttyZFjwwwPK/R7iO22FT3of6q7qqur5v+eg6Yc+bKsOdVZllpf06GYmjOF7k513GoBVkqCt7cPv+dxkzSE9LaNj2EfNCiQusy6UvIDkcvvCYO5WAuwZofHTcoAZ7fOlog9iMMovMKZy1y+IlQx+owP8FqAP5n9u3m8H7P9cfMrEAPTCH4bJDY2sgmXEEBvVLI8pI3CjExC2mZqAf5UXBx+/BCz+xoQWJ0g3KXEXzjN5VORxfmXF80RBAZd9EcMhg+dex0apBZgxTj5uqu9UUeSjnHhNLD00Q7g3W7hdz3dyKtTUpE7IWZEj9aEweZ0LrIH69IcVWP/3a4CxCcTB+KSgDA7oHGhujZEovcdhCNIRkvWg5Jd9jWvqLJr62ptAavGk4uH//yKC+3BnSqpEiMdN7JKCPqITq7hB2WV3CjOtUamadYCrBqns9nRacR2ATI7FBPSWFNR6R7YrRgHgbEkiRJrhpGa2z1aY1C+xVAmPR1M40DjOGRqJ6SSPMpYjfxxNJudvr37uE1hOzStmKy2ax1p3Cwd5odTnB4Z8XQvW01EgFCguDod66fh5dtPn24O3v34x93buOuRFpeJu10ncWmCkjp1lfyq8p8/b35v/PXLunP85w8XIH1f1baWhFFaiC1yEARc7iWYtQArxu3h/sF146aYjIC+WVjAf6BC6gYUfcMXlAOxaBGogQAus7BsywsTerUAK8blx/hc8Nf8Tsjt7OBksQb8GxVS70czNgRlGEA0CIalpXy7JVBMkqkFWB1Oru9URvjt+tebkx9sATdWwM8V6MgNhlk1I7SegqvG4V+xAK/WM6Iv32+yNwj/bTdA6RJFIZvS/tDS9jSKlY3StQCrxvtzcvbixel6u9bLZxsESIYY8U2mjlMBva5ZFm7QH1EewIbZBjHB8bUAK8a/Hp8c7B88zm2H3MQz7hIAABekSURBVHx5cXvz4GqDAJsI9S0tP2jYis8RFwPTNF7QsMhmUUSFN8obxAXZ9aparwGrx9Pnz6/yn5/tHxxeXm1Y8otYsRLWlunXEBKThUrY6hKiKREEirZIUmQQtQmhrlJpsGVkl/dTYvz0lV+Eo2sB/lxGMve4cSZxFEomSoIagXYxmY/JLB+BKIafbqlBCHwPi+s+47ouSbIprqZngnb10gWmk50lNunaC64eV+f7++dXOwiwyXHcpMPFOH2LyxNag35nMOXCvpMbnYzxph7nGmAjBSEQGUIB4deKYqXrxGaakCA0FKNkgcl3sqzppedSC7A6fDi4+PDh4mCHhNTpGMMDJ+2WgAV2OyGceoHvB16IJeNhkGup0EQYkUSJvJGUoXPHeGpQEomVe3JXgewgfaXkRi3A6oVhEun9scvBdI2jl7sXPJ3tUShIwaGlhW+7PaEAoVgF8G6AZpLdNfJnmPpgetWYXcd/P+10MB0NjK0hGGM9E4un7rmG5tZrzDQQbq3GG2NT2USNYHh9ML1qXDyP/+5WJZ+SWG5bqhWxph8Uk+6KbIEglDgda2UCYTBPq+fP+0Fot2sBVoxHJ+ePHp2fPLrnXNLycUdzIIpLaoKySVRioZwQEymWN4FcGnjWYLEPVyntfgdEuP1j0Pa9Oh2rauyv2LoGTJwAhE1QOXPDz9nm6r2aFY+OHY1Cr6NEqg5HoVtgwHjsxT26JI41IFN3SvoZWTzuontACJBZubcU01rOpqNFOJnQ5eUggmfd3rIjIK0G4XDstluznMZJyawvegBp1F5wFfntU2snAZrrDi6J6/GVjAChIUh4LKvER+AlCHBBI0WgbfyfDEANR22QeU0TBRuJOkZv0iQBBSIRi3SQj1HXAqwOD58dHFw3Xj3fLkDh7qoPATIOJI1g3dSWrbZISIrWsft27JixK4uYkZ4VzqziwkaCpkk2WFq1MNiffB5ztj92udJVac3/Pa9Ov8SNanY4FVcGr5GJ34FmWXzoPUZvzQHpdnAjUyi/Lm1RxcE47BEoQMRuYJhkIZ5dC7BSTsh/41Dg9d8oUNmI+y4gRjaNGspOtxWt8dRac435eE1JmFi6ZzyfQKfvws48KQPidlLqMEzVmCUZ0bcn3y9AHosDxXImvFzzjxKpkkh6flgO5up6VioJo+ncgGpqSwmgaa5CjgSQOCOwTsmvKI8/xP0KX11+vwDTJls8IBuMLEVY3mepgI4vqsIYTbzb7Y7nZ3uDpLFSW1VUoYk5k4jB3LK6QVdPmzpI3dd7Z/akO7e46JMzXXR+qCsjVI2vs/ezV5ezX79bgIsmW4gNdESMkUMD16WeLPRw6ISWj5vL/WKRI0UJZEFsRne7tuW2saYsf/asnjxUFDq0dUWaeNZe6Lke7tGR6NSps+w2Uguwctw+Ozq6uG18qwAXMcBs4wPRobOce0kGoTRWUVlEpAyDtkfN2PrhOO50AMw6fxAKaK6yB5FVznRrxI0YCrQh1SCDuKlDSQJXLcCfipIa0W2/4yc7tE6/nWSZSkyDh3fCLlTSvJBJNIq2WkiItFJbSIxAXNqcF2OlmipsI0knwjhJOgIVgDiQUVQSzFBFQi23M1LvhFRLWiu2CzBXnAi3aEqashSlToXVqDrVCpWKTNBLExPiRqtE9L2lJuMIoriCRjfD4Dhlrx9E+BHx68A/62P2sWG4gWFg3Q5n5FBrAVaJByu2C5Bd9GZtdsO4Y6sxxmxPp3NYHWuaB1+4IRO/G9jdPS8etGy7vzf2PC/wQ4Uh19JhCFGjAU2He/KGJkm1AKvE06dPnxzevHx5c/hkuwCNNOnZsAMueeN0zqa5rBXM8sdBP8IfeFMHa65KZjXDse8pgjeMW8YNBX08iccctbADiCKmEO/mSTRLNghgY/Ceo0+1AKvD5Zs4hvJmh2aFYT+YOI4TDtP+0QBSTFtZtpOGzlBM3omIOfyMhZGhsxLswPdca348N+JCvVzgHw9iG+gHfhZb7vSPX0ecHc/7i5Gz49ed/rxTQh2IrhqzpFn1LhnRMnT9tDo5sIL+oJ2ecHMTpkBJDlbmJ00qEqtr25PmsIeFbc/1wHD4eQDxyNfAejm/gm0PxWIOlooj+Ib0rNoJqRpHSafgj0erkeens8PzT+UTHoNjGo2t+tMsj4akjLC4z3niebQwtz0JQ2cSWcCxCw3Msjt7wZ7dNgyu4668CjAYAKNI28esqVFO7YRUjbezo/fvj2a5iqiXT97dnu8/3LDiIoVCfxo0nnSXRC4FStHxUq57tucBSVBZSlz9HLUtJC73nFvcKbksP3GUuiwO2cDJXQJDNVXgl5vz85v1+pS/P/hS8riJaIFHsWqW+wfxJmdP9IiwGwQDe/o/9q6syU0kCUsqIFwcAnWJaxFHgUAgTuNmbU9Ybrs99syLx3N6dvbBEbv7///DUhw6WnK3vG+r5ntQQOmM0BdZmVmZXxagXp+S8Qta7J2qNVWX7BTgpMlJtwC7Gq+JTHX6+1ek9lW1gLqLkGf61GigDgR8FPjlyc8nfECKlhW+Nmpt9TMH8xybltbuyBNB5JcWBIUTpUFwsihLkAROpdak7vSqw9Y6zvg9YXN2GVMay2xb5ia8hNoIpytgHQh44Zj90EfFe/qAXHccS+auIrTM84LStMXtXaErpraSJz5yTkm+JCP79CQuXdJ6c8dogKbb3iNGldBkNJeBzQxb8KPC98/6PXlPIRV7QWL6VenXu20ehl84RoDLCWeeU4I6o+Mizr8200syA6m/9PxIgkm2HQvm+3G499KhK+5R8O/l29GxBcywzKvc/IpDECzFqxFLN6GCFj8wXpCda5If6WhfE5/h9BYC0xcUNnstAvYVAtDfHzhsdXH1YAEfy/77/cu/Tv3d84zbjt2yp5lpWu09jPVuVSvcKW/bvKK1z8zZMYJOlAS+K8u7OtUZR0PUnd7JFIRB1t8AvaagOJpQ+19fx9UGlKIW9EDAi8dvr7/78OHDcRqGl7xtjamFkwUVpkm0qG+Sqjn0pb00iP2S1BaYppmkTpj6VeWnoRfLtQ2b9yyFoSUKezYNKUJnD8cTBZDoWT8eIGLxbTvyUA94UbjZYbfYFic8PyJgEVRZO/gSpqnUXlEpXK9lP5bXcpi4QbsqWwsnjWtvsUqcOqAA/FVtw0I/aJBg2LxR7uIKIp9qt2IL2rpraVKO9D80NGzBl4jrHe55Vb8Fj5d+DlZjJQT2bipmRh6CEIWGHvL96py9mswYtmn1ZZuaA0a6EyyLrmYr9f4bxlOkifvmbTSCdxVjhDsrAwEfFXZ/N68JqKkk3WFNjJaAE8iBk7pFM72RRAhCy5LCqCn6awr/YnNThdByTXh03AbjuwsmGI7iBgISNklHIkMTIlwwYka6WZxI/5EUMsswjE3xQCLhbH09Yce6hkRhoi9U1hWYI3DynQVK310PBLwwTN7cvHxd4ywCjrjp0bN8czrGSnNWBqou2raqaeK4KTQVDNimkLk4K6RtYsWSkaaiaZP0K6hjROHhPfYomJqt5XQHAl6aG/jyzdPr317/fh4BR9ZR0o8h0vXzpsBgovGaptq2yCsGySIbzYsZG/iRpZ+SH7+aMycArg4NImCRaw8W8ELx7BNpTP/9DIFKka/ppWCiDUhgi6LOcWORz3BNttPVKzNBXcIi9HL2G34RAw5NtKvtzumGIOTi8PQtmdb1yxlbMGwKnP24K3TGOIo8L8VOVvW7K0XzXF9nP+GUEOM8jzwspcQw9ox9CGK+Orgv8mNVpIGAl4NX/xj9/c3oxzNEytu2TMmPk8DDeQa2Pp0TQGiQqIJhdWQBuNTWsMABBi52XMXWHSTWrqFNqhgQUh4AHVh7d8tFmrH3OwUD/r/xZ82+F89e/HGmD0i2yDqKVXkZGFy/MQJ2xnLamnK9tEZglptNFWTQUFlSRc/z3/BzaodvdzNf3sn5DAS8TPz7zbvR+QTsISBA62R3ZGUPWopq01DktOkiDyFSNbSedqm75awZEHIPpLBv5AwqJ49ImjAI0qCqvPwupgMBHx96hVTZckPspVTbbFmHJCoC2KKAoRXzCe94BQRQtu82UzKiDCjEsXcwF4Qxx+m6qLhODjp4seuYMXEwIy+NXHCMoRzrovCOHb3r8DABrQIYSOXE0Gj0DXSReHWKQ9LPAgDy6UCXMzLcuItWW1JP520M4+RhmBWLLPIyetUVwyhOXqSZwt8HbiDgJeHJh9G3KyOs8nC1JYTGApLs4xpXjVG7xS4UnitgaVn7zBxL/blvi3aIzZiEJiBKM2ifNw17IOBj3ILHeg8rV/tLTdKlPjctSEhsFm3K0seaFDiKdiCEz8j0cUwxXkprzqZyaI/n3/iLBlwAnn8kjx/PkOZQ10RqstETz/0CrvWGTCw1dQWGp12n2iQxruOEQqJAkZQm4DScuoDezknipG31PssrSzJJ0/Vib0HT8PRByUDAx7ELj0gb5sN/N137bK7bJp0LPw+92CeiG171/tf3G9/fxEnpb8qEVKVu3r8vq0258eBUtrIkN0jBKjQ688e5semQDwOQttmD5riBgI+PgP8kj+doROv2HrQcZxa/soopr6OysqksTKIwy7zNpqqqjBPG9pdigeOqrOKkJid2IuzaAmcj7AfWqb2WtZfbagWDtH+qpzBURF8Wbm6evLq5uXn19Iyz4KD0U7yH1Cw3le+Hnln4nz9/vvWTNE0CB8eYDuIoSLy8cGsuwcyJgvLWDwJzc2tG+YnJhayOKEBrQrsNM7qt8Uj5YpzC0Jh+Wbi+fvLn9fX1mx8/PkzA+USUgaWyh2bLKMs0cYC+12euw6lbdIEw6SgiEgjQix1Iwyh2iEAgARFSWCPazTEOgaz1plXJ8KLIsfcVUAMBLwuT540PODvD44KWKNor4LmQknl93rzlCsU5yBqzNJsItqIoCPErxAko10R1TWZ46V3mWViBxVQX0IpvG0BWSyvzKz/xcJrsCbXdVqYZBx7+CoauuEvDi7fnuvygjiqIkN+vm7Iyk9qxu729LWODl0FSJonp+7HnRIlZlWV5e1vFpUOtVfsA6jTDYdYD+z4OcZDUe3W3kju0Kt4PYSDgpXmBP51LQByXEhF5lnNk5UGc4KzIcISdgloqxQI2LhoShcbFm4hU7hcngggkuRIg6kQg9azaXqrj+Z641hAFPz78dPPpw3ki5duRDBy4OuODZ3pQHNaysKoBaHLkRhU4CVwK/g8YzoIvLg1z9lEcCS9aF0yQOls1E+x73scZ21kgAlqkSZrD6ZSGkFpr3JmZP0ZQD8sFxYGAF4bvOuwt/eeHl0/eHROQtyfdWK7RXBJGE12BcCnfV+wH2Yld4EVkmklo9MHIcbzDKoDk/taoC09a8NYiJ5Vd9uADPjZ8+uPdKQIakRljk0hVgSx9X8ZeSKpcDrSr7iBMLBmtDPteczemKZ3E0KzA7TPNwGCKeLSe0gcY8oCXh7/99a//tneuXYkjQRhuCMkETCAQ7gjIVRBRIopBWS4jo4L3HT2OOrMcz/j/f8N2B1RwwWHCzl7gfT5oh0jM6bynuqtTXUV5MzAfjB2CrQF7xunk7Gsu+bl+1nOl4LHYfuRWuOOcc9xrkSVOFeCELAT3R+PmgBMEyGZzCY56u9xmKhvrD6YW2+RFREvk/X8eUsaG3Ms2nwde8ILQrZxo57u1iwkCHMoPKA92rfntpeWYGlC2Pq6kmTMhvVMg2PZehJWVH2Qokl/3rPMRn5/nfxSXBQHOD9UvrFTIQWWCAIcypAYGhY9cz+OqVFzJJ9JuEluaeHWZf8/8BeOGZ5vMRgY+ri8SsynLnD8Ykq0Q4GKgtUj5ibS0H1vAMSOsEpISUW41N3mq9ybwRXiu6SCvFtcVZ5CZVL70slmY5dXyrpVyK/lsIRpFpaRFoHFOjvY7t+Vp54CjCyhcyO0t2bmoPSBMNIGC1eqN++1JBldaz6byK7nljdSqxyh95Ij5hishOfzLEjvhkUPB4Oqq6k+PVl+PQ4Bzxu4u6VVF7XhYcL2eeN1rTTPgCT67nSsW8gmJi7zJzuaI+9PptG0nmi0U1vM5I8GaLW8UgMtkdjL5fnBBaiv6HGeQX9/Z+vj7x52dHZZl1Uizyuq3ZkfgIMB5XIjp3Q8f7hnzvv3pZ1yWUirrkNcU1WsVBMFNBIsU4/igJWjLcc6S98U4yqmUahU8XlZQvb+jhCskB4F+y8VCIlfkjO1OrtBEsBA9Z9JrV6vd+5l9TsGZ+WgLuZy5wabLDYWPUdNopNrlmWYEOS75s1t2i5etNwelNSevJNYzhYRqhCikN/Ib6UBg6o0hEOC8cKt9bte70z1uZVAcnTmoFj7pfF2qc/C2dOrTzgrP3qUxExZfevVivUnj9a+6uZUwXmz4VHo6GCvZgwP/RAhyTsvP3TYEOC+U6dzvi26dToC/beXWJDViS+aj64r6WkgrbWdGLphKpgcJizievX3zSnEjNsvrIR5XKZp7ySzoUDnfi+JkHxe0xKcGe0LmC51VRNI6UwnQEkxu/ZZJKYlCIsktbyrJzUSA2i9pkNqehFaSz0bRISnZaEpZ3swXi4nNVDGbSawGQkuyw+oWAq97MAU5oJRids43fgMSNiXNP8aeOK01lQBdLtnqSsZ8/WVna0zyqsVCTOnXtHTTud0fBcNlXV8vbH36tJVhodEU6tGyIGrW2MkUotGEYldKmwljoS+b59Ql4edvGwKcGwEeUfRT+mPKx+2WFDqji8X4iJpcdhB5wyZbgj5WuzUtBVQjtr5UKqkj6Ti4wPPCDP3DiM3O9pS4ZOsMtw0Bzgv7L/zE43az6h+OpUAyWrLbNwopVZ7kvbplKcY5hwML3A7hb7htCHChmPi4vRybzck2p6M/o4ur/jWfM8KzkIK0X1VtnM81TfS+MYC7gtK7qVPX0j56bcQDQoBDCLyfWT+LPRLpR9pbZC+rksTS/1mWLNMYO+sSNZL2/uLMu7mjWQEmLwpWQ4Cj0Gkdx0uhkGUk+6TnWXpuj7wUGsQ4B4KSmo6MBjjbOJsa8vytdwQWSoCGcxGSmJiGEmjwLzvemGkbEHBRA+kwkhG9YP01dwQWSoC4I/DPPu6wKIbHH742X1p/bby5wJurvfspBAgBQoAAAoQAIUAIEECAAAKEAAEECOaZB7HzYYRDUTwcf/jafGn9tfHmAm+u9u6nAzriAx7L4tAR/3t08FgWB6HzMMkQdT7MgPmvP3QEPBYw61QMMzkAAQIIEABznG2f/YtfBwAAAAAAAAAA/lGaYtv0dzvdutY4QR8C85yUa2YF6H4o739pnV+hE4FpPtTOK6Yt4E0FHQhmY79NzAuw1u5WG9/QicA0x7WzGQSo6ze9r9ouuhGYnMR1qo9kFgGyIbjdQEcCkxyIuq6Lom4yu0b5M/3xtYp+BGZdkEtKY//S5Ne7hgWEJwJmwvwQfKI3r44xBwT/lgDdFzW9Bi8YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD/G57E0zGf7omiWK88oXvAr+Zze1zl1z3x7vCxWz9E/4BfS1i7626Txg1t3ut75Oy2qjX2mAAfCHkUD2iroVdvPISctat65YSdOW9olcOLmtYNswBXrX4aRjcCs3xrkIuy+7rsJuS6KpBu5ftVU78zBBi+FS9IR2vfHdS3CWlXLy736/f0TOOpV66c9r7Xm+RQv249fkW6ImCayjXx1M/v9e+0eUuujCympzdUZpomig0HualRaX7VhLB+TIij2mQWkG3tvKKD9ynpiS10IZiBO51O89pdcvqZtMRHckx1p2l6l8qsd3dcviTkiFXFfhRbj4bU6NGeeE/IrkYPthvEeqp1vyH1MzDNrRGjrz/s1h3bNTql0++uKIf9OeBu+awvwJ7YGRIgO1PvC5C4n7ZrVVhBYBJPtcmC9GvXYe2g1qQGUfz+7AVTmQnl63FD8LAAKVb6IQCmONCN8fOmQboNw8R1ywetk+ZFX2bULQm/cUIeRgX4pXnSOtYv0JHAHEdHxq+e2LsQjb1Gju2yXj16HAgwTB3d12WY+mAZZkiAl6dVvXaNfgQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKP8CQN8vXjZAu+DAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

## New Poisson splitting criterion for DecisionTreeRegressor

The integration of Poisson regression estimation continues from version 0.23.
`DecisionTreeRegressor` now supports a new `'poisson'` splitting criterion.
Setting `criterion="poisson"` might be a good choice if your target is a count
or a frequency.

    
    from sklearn.tree import DecisionTreeRegressor
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    import numpy as np
    
    n_samples, n_features = 1000, 20
    rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
    X = rng.randn(n_samples, n_features)
    # positive integer target correlated with X[:, 5] with many zeros:
    y = rng.poisson(lam=np.exp(X[:, 5]) / 2)
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=rng)
    regressor = DecisionTreeRegressor(criterion='poisson', random_state=0)
    regressor.fit(X_train, y_train)
    
DecisionTreeRegressor

    
    DecisionTreeRegressor(criterion='poisson', random_state=0)
  
  

## New documentation improvements

New examples and documentation pages have been added, in a continuous effort
to improve the understanding of machine learning practices:

  * a new section about common pitfalls and recommended practices,
  * an example illustrating how to statistically compare the performance of models evaluated using `GridSearchCV`,
  * an example on how to interpret coefficients of linear models,
  * an example comparing Principal Component Regression and Partial Least Squares.

Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 19.525 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_release_highlights_0_24_0.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_release_highlights_0_24_0.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/release_highlights/plot_release_highlights_0_24_0.html

