# hashlib — Secure hashes and message digests

Source code: Lib/hashlib.py

This module implements a common interface to many different secure hash and
message digest algorithms. Included are the FIPS secure hash algorithms SHA1,
SHA224, SHA256, SHA384, and SHA512 (defined in FIPS 180-2) as well as RSA’s
MD5 algorithm (defined in Internet RFC 1321). The terms “secure hash” and
“message digest” are interchangeable. Older algorithms were called message
digests. The modern term is secure hash.

Note

If you want the adler32 or crc32 hash functions, they are available in the
`zlib` module.

Warning

Some algorithms have known hash collision weaknesses, refer to the “See also”
section at the end.

## Hash algorithms

There is one constructor method named for each type of hash. All return a hash
object with the same simple interface. For example: use `sha256()` to create a
SHA-256 hash object. You can now feed this object with bytes-like objects
(normally `bytes`) using the `update()` method. At any point you can ask it
for the digest of the concatenation of the data fed to it so far using the
`digest()` or `hexdigest()` methods.

Note

For better multithreading performance, the Python GIL is released for data
larger than 2047 bytes at object creation or on update.

Note

Feeding string objects into `update()` is not supported, as hashes work on
bytes, not on characters.

Constructors for hash algorithms that are always present in this module are
`sha1()`, `sha224()`, `sha256()`, `sha384()`, `sha512()`, `blake2b()`, and
`blake2s()`. `md5()` is normally available as well, though it may be missing
or blocked if you are using a rare “FIPS compliant” build of Python.
Additional algorithms may also be available depending upon the OpenSSL library
that Python uses on your platform. On most platforms the `sha3_224()`,
`sha3_256()`, `sha3_384()`, `sha3_512()`, `shake_128()`, `shake_256()` are
also available.

New in version 3.6: SHA3 (Keccak) and SHAKE constructors `sha3_224()`,
`sha3_256()`, `sha3_384()`, `sha3_512()`, `shake_128()`, `shake_256()`.

New in version 3.6: `blake2b()` and `blake2s()` were added.

Changed in version 3.9: All hashlib constructors take a keyword-only argument
usedforsecurity with default value `True`. A false value allows the use of
insecure and blocked hashing algorithms in restricted environments. `False`
indicates that the hashing algorithm is not used in a security context, e.g.
as a non-cryptographic one-way compression function.

Hashlib now uses SHA3 and SHAKE from OpenSSL 1.1.1 and newer.

For example, to obtain the digest of the byte string `b'Nobody inspects the
spammish repetition'`:

    
    >>> import hashlib
    >>> m = hashlib.sha256()
    >>> m.update(b"Nobody inspects")
    >>> m.update(b" the spammish repetition")
    >>> m.digest()
    b'\x03\x1e\xdd}Ae\x15\x93\xc5\xfe\\\x00o\xa5u+7\xfd\xdf\xf7\xbcN\x84:\xa6\xaf\x0c\x95\x0fK\x94\x06'
    >>> m.digest_size
    32
    >>> m.block_size
    64
    
More condensed:

    
    >>> hashlib.sha224(b"Nobody inspects the spammish repetition").hexdigest()
    'a4337bc45a8fc544c03f52dc550cd6e1e87021bc896588bd79e901e2'
    
`hashlib.new(name, [data, ]*, usedforsecurity=True)`

    
Is a generic constructor that takes the string name of the desired algorithm
as its first parameter. It also exists to allow access to the above listed
hashes as well as any other algorithms that your OpenSSL library may offer.
The named constructors are much faster than `new()` and should be preferred.

Using `new()` with an algorithm provided by OpenSSL:

    
    >>> h = hashlib.new('sha512_256')
    >>> h.update(b"Nobody inspects the spammish repetition")
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    '19197dc4d03829df858011c6c87600f994a858103bbc19005f20987aa19a97e2'
    
Hashlib provides the following constant attributes:

`hashlib.algorithms_guaranteed`

    
A set containing the names of the hash algorithms guaranteed to be supported
by this module on all platforms. Note that ‘md5’ is in this list despite some
upstream vendors offering an odd “FIPS compliant” Python build that excludes
it.

New in version 3.2.

`hashlib.algorithms_available`

    
A set containing the names of the hash algorithms that are available in the
running Python interpreter. These names will be recognized when passed to
`new()`. `algorithms_guaranteed` will always be a subset. The same algorithm
may appear multiple times in this set under different names (thanks to
OpenSSL).

New in version 3.2.

The following values are provided as constant attributes of the hash objects
returned by the constructors:

`hash.digest_size`

    
The size of the resulting hash in bytes.

`hash.block_size`

    
The internal block size of the hash algorithm in bytes.

A hash object has the following attributes:

`hash.name`

    
The canonical name of this hash, always lowercase and always suitable as a
parameter to `new()` to create another hash of this type.

Changed in version 3.4: The name attribute has been present in CPython since
its inception, but until Python 3.4 was not formally specified, so may not
exist on some platforms.

A hash object has the following methods:

`hash.update(data)`

    
Update the hash object with the bytes-like object. Repeated calls are
equivalent to a single call with the concatenation of all the arguments:
`m.update(a); m.update(b)` is equivalent to `m.update(a+b)`.

Changed in version 3.1: The Python GIL is released to allow other threads to
run while hash updates on data larger than 2047 bytes is taking place when
using hash algorithms supplied by OpenSSL.

`hash.digest()`

    
Return the digest of the data passed to the `update()` method so far. This is
a bytes object of size `digest_size` which may contain bytes in the whole
range from 0 to 255.

`hash.hexdigest()`

    
Like `digest()` except the digest is returned as a string object of double
length, containing only hexadecimal digits. This may be used to exchange the
value safely in email or other non-binary environments.

`hash.copy()`

    
Return a copy (“clone”) of the hash object. This can be used to efficiently
compute the digests of data sharing a common initial substring.

## SHAKE variable length digests

The `shake_128()` and `shake_256()` algorithms provide variable length digests
with length_in_bits//2 up to 128 or 256 bits of security. As such, their
digest methods require a length. Maximum length is not limited by the SHAKE
algorithm.

`shake.digest(length)`

    
Return the digest of the data passed to the `update()` method so far. This is
a bytes object of size length which may contain bytes in the whole range from
0 to 255.

`shake.hexdigest(length)`

    
Like `digest()` except the digest is returned as a string object of double
length, containing only hexadecimal digits. This may be used to exchange the
value safely in email or other non-binary environments.

## Key derivation

Key derivation and key stretching algorithms are designed for secure password
hashing. Naive algorithms such as `sha1(password)` are not resistant against
brute-force attacks. A good password hashing function must be tunable, slow,
and include a salt.

`hashlib.pbkdf2_hmac(hash_name, password, salt, iterations, dklen=None)`

    
The function provides PKCS#5 password-based key derivation function 2. It uses
HMAC as pseudorandom function.

The string hash_name is the desired name of the hash digest algorithm for
HMAC, e.g. ‘sha1’ or ‘sha256’. password and salt are interpreted as buffers of
bytes. Applications and libraries should limit password to a sensible length
(e.g. 1024). salt should be about 16 or more bytes from a proper source, e.g.
`os.urandom()`.

The number of iterations should be chosen based on the hash algorithm and
computing power. As of 2013, at least 100,000 iterations of SHA-256 are
suggested.

dklen is the length of the derived key. If dklen is `None` then the digest
size of the hash algorithm hash_name is used, e.g. 64 for SHA-512.

    
    >>> import hashlib
    >>> dk = hashlib.pbkdf2_hmac('sha256', b'password', b'salt', 100000)
    >>> dk.hex()
    '0394a2ede332c9a13eb82e9b24631604c31df978b4e2f0fbd2c549944f9d79a5'
    
New in version 3.4.

Note

A fast implementation of pbkdf2_hmac is available with OpenSSL. The Python
implementation uses an inline version of `hmac`. It is about three times
slower and doesn’t release the GIL.

`hashlib.scrypt(password, *, salt, n, r, p, maxmem=0, dklen=64)`

    
The function provides scrypt password-based key derivation function as defined
in RFC 7914.

password and salt must be bytes-like objects. Applications and libraries
should limit password to a sensible length (e.g. 1024). salt should be about
16 or more bytes from a proper source, e.g. `os.urandom()`.

n is the CPU/Memory cost factor, r the block size, p parallelization factor
and maxmem limits memory (OpenSSL 1.1.0 defaults to 32 MiB). dklen is the
length of the derived key.

Availability: OpenSSL 1.1+.

New in version 3.6.

## BLAKE2

BLAKE2 is a cryptographic hash function defined in RFC 7693 that comes in two
flavors:

  * BLAKE2b, optimized for 64-bit platforms and produces digests of any size between 1 and 64 bytes,
  * BLAKE2s, optimized for 8- to 32-bit platforms and produces digests of any size between 1 and 32 bytes.

BLAKE2 supports keyed mode (a faster and simpler replacement for HMAC), salted
hashing, personalization, and tree hashing.

Hash objects from this module follow the API of standard library’s `hashlib`
objects.

### Creating hash objects

New hash objects are created by calling constructor functions:

`hashlib.blake2b(data=b'', *, digest_size=64, key=b'', salt=b'', person=b'',
fanout=1, depth=1, leaf_size=0, node_offset=0, node_depth=0, inner_size=0,
last_node=False, usedforsecurity=True)`

`hashlib.blake2s(data=b'', *, digest_size=32, key=b'', salt=b'', person=b'',
fanout=1, depth=1, leaf_size=0, node_offset=0, node_depth=0, inner_size=0,
last_node=False, usedforsecurity=True)`

These functions return the corresponding hash objects for calculating BLAKE2b
or BLAKE2s. They optionally take these general parameters:

  * data: initial chunk of data to hash, which must be bytes-like object. It can be passed only as positional argument.
  * digest_size: size of output digest in bytes.
  * key: key for keyed hashing (up to 64 bytes for BLAKE2b, up to 32 bytes for BLAKE2s).
  * salt: salt for randomized hashing (up to 16 bytes for BLAKE2b, up to 8 bytes for BLAKE2s).
  * person: personalization string (up to 16 bytes for BLAKE2b, up to 8 bytes for BLAKE2s).

The following table shows limits for general parameters (in bytes):

Hash | digest_size | len(key) | len(salt) | len(person)  
---|---|---|---|---  
BLAKE2b | 64 | 64 | 16 | 16  
BLAKE2s | 32 | 32 | 8 | 8  
Note

BLAKE2 specification defines constant lengths for salt and personalization
parameters, however, for convenience, this implementation accepts byte strings
of any size up to the specified length. If the length of the parameter is less
than specified, it is padded with zeros, thus, for example, `b'salt'` and
`b'salt\x00'` is the same value. (This is not the case for key.)

These sizes are available as module constants described below.

Constructor functions also accept the following tree hashing parameters:

  * fanout: fanout (0 to 255, 0 if unlimited, 1 in sequential mode).
  * depth: maximal depth of tree (1 to 255, 255 if unlimited, 1 in sequential mode).
  * leaf_size: maximal byte length of leaf (0 to 2**32-1, 0 if unlimited or in sequential mode).
  * node_offset: node offset (0 to 2**64-1 for BLAKE2b, 0 to 2**48-1 for BLAKE2s, 0 for the first, leftmost, leaf, or in sequential mode).
  * node_depth: node depth (0 to 255, 0 for leaves, or in sequential mode).
  * inner_size: inner digest size (0 to 64 for BLAKE2b, 0 to 32 for BLAKE2s, 0 in sequential mode).
  * last_node: boolean indicating whether the processed node is the last one (`False` for sequential mode).

![Explanation of tree mode
parameters.](data:image/png;base64,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)

See section 2.10 in BLAKE2 specification for comprehensive review of tree
hashing.

### Constants

`blake2b.SALT_SIZE`

`blake2s.SALT_SIZE`

Salt length (maximum length accepted by constructors).

`blake2b.PERSON_SIZE`

`blake2s.PERSON_SIZE`

Personalization string length (maximum length accepted by constructors).

`blake2b.MAX_KEY_SIZE`

`blake2s.MAX_KEY_SIZE`

Maximum key size.

`blake2b.MAX_DIGEST_SIZE`

`blake2s.MAX_DIGEST_SIZE`

Maximum digest size that the hash function can output.

### Examples

#### Simple hashing

To calculate hash of some data, you should first construct a hash object by
calling the appropriate constructor function (`blake2b()` or `blake2s()`),
then update it with the data by calling `update()` on the object, and,
finally, get the digest out of the object by calling `digest()` (or
`hexdigest()` for hex-encoded string).

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> h = blake2b()
    >>> h.update(b'Hello world')
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    '6ff843ba685842aa82031d3f53c48b66326df7639a63d128974c5c14f31a0f33343a8c65551134ed1ae0f2b0dd2bb495dc81039e3eeb0aa1bb0388bbeac29183'
    
As a shortcut, you can pass the first chunk of data to update directly to the
constructor as the positional argument:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> blake2b(b'Hello world').hexdigest()
    '6ff843ba685842aa82031d3f53c48b66326df7639a63d128974c5c14f31a0f33343a8c65551134ed1ae0f2b0dd2bb495dc81039e3eeb0aa1bb0388bbeac29183'
    
You can call `hash.update()` as many times as you need to iteratively update
the hash:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> items = [b'Hello', b' ', b'world']
    >>> h = blake2b()
    >>> for item in items:
    ...     h.update(item)
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    '6ff843ba685842aa82031d3f53c48b66326df7639a63d128974c5c14f31a0f33343a8c65551134ed1ae0f2b0dd2bb495dc81039e3eeb0aa1bb0388bbeac29183'
    
#### Using different digest sizes

BLAKE2 has configurable size of digests up to 64 bytes for BLAKE2b and up to
32 bytes for BLAKE2s. For example, to replace SHA-1 with BLAKE2b without
changing the size of output, we can tell BLAKE2b to produce 20-byte digests:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> h = blake2b(digest_size=20)
    >>> h.update(b'Replacing SHA1 with the more secure function')
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    'd24f26cf8de66472d58d4e1b1774b4c9158b1f4c'
    >>> h.digest_size
    20
    >>> len(h.digest())
    20
    
Hash objects with different digest sizes have completely different outputs
(shorter hashes are not prefixes of longer hashes); BLAKE2b and BLAKE2s
produce different outputs even if the output length is the same:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b, blake2s
    >>> blake2b(digest_size=10).hexdigest()
    '6fa1d8fcfd719046d762'
    >>> blake2b(digest_size=11).hexdigest()
    'eb6ec15daf9546254f0809'
    >>> blake2s(digest_size=10).hexdigest()
    '1bf21a98c78a1c376ae9'
    >>> blake2s(digest_size=11).hexdigest()
    '567004bf96e4a25773ebf4'
    
#### Keyed hashing

Keyed hashing can be used for authentication as a faster and simpler
replacement for Hash-based message authentication code (HMAC). BLAKE2 can be
securely used in prefix-MAC mode thanks to the indifferentiability property
inherited from BLAKE.

This example shows how to get a (hex-encoded) 128-bit authentication code for
message `b'message data'` with key `b'pseudorandom key'`:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> h = blake2b(key=b'pseudorandom key', digest_size=16)
    >>> h.update(b'message data')
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    '3d363ff7401e02026f4a4687d4863ced'
    
As a practical example, a web application can symmetrically sign cookies sent
to users and later verify them to make sure they weren’t tampered with:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> from hmac import compare_digest
    >>>
    >>> SECRET_KEY = b'pseudorandomly generated server secret key'
    >>> AUTH_SIZE = 16
    >>>
    >>> def sign(cookie):
    ...     h = blake2b(digest_size=AUTH_SIZE, key=SECRET_KEY)
    ...     h.update(cookie)
    ...     return h.hexdigest().encode('utf-8')
    >>>
    >>> def verify(cookie, sig):
    ...     good_sig = sign(cookie)
    ...     return compare_digest(good_sig, sig)
    >>>
    >>> cookie = b'user-alice'
    >>> sig = sign(cookie)
    >>> print("{0},{1}".format(cookie.decode('utf-8'), sig))
    user-alice,b'43b3c982cf697e0c5ab22172d1ca7421'
    >>> verify(cookie, sig)
    True
    >>> verify(b'user-bob', sig)
    False
    >>> verify(cookie, b'0102030405060708090a0b0c0d0e0f00')
    False
    
Even though there’s a native keyed hashing mode, BLAKE2 can, of course, be
used in HMAC construction with `hmac` module:

    
    >>> import hmac, hashlib
    >>> m = hmac.new(b'secret key', digestmod=hashlib.blake2s)
    >>> m.update(b'message')
    >>> m.hexdigest()
    'e3c8102868d28b5ff85fc35dda07329970d1a01e273c37481326fe0c861c8142'
    
#### Randomized hashing

By setting salt parameter users can introduce randomization to the hash
function. Randomized hashing is useful for protecting against collision
attacks on the hash function used in digital signatures.

Randomized hashing is designed for situations where one party, the message
preparer, generates all or part of a message to be signed by a second party,
the message signer. If the message preparer is able to find cryptographic hash
function collisions (i.e., two messages producing the same hash value), then
they might prepare meaningful versions of the message that would produce the
same hash value and digital signature, but with different results (e.g.,
transferring $1,000,000 to an account, rather than $10). Cryptographic hash
functions have been designed with collision resistance as a major goal, but
the current concentration on attacking cryptographic hash functions may result
in a given cryptographic hash function providing less collision resistance
than expected. Randomized hashing offers the signer additional protection by
reducing the likelihood that a preparer can generate two or more messages that
ultimately yield the same hash value during the digital signature generation
process — even if it is practical to find collisions for the hash function.
However, the use of randomized hashing may reduce the amount of security
provided by a digital signature when all portions of the message are prepared
by the signer.

(NIST SP-800-106 “Randomized Hashing for Digital Signatures”)

In BLAKE2 the salt is processed as a one-time input to the hash function
during initialization, rather than as an input to each compression function.

Warning

Salted hashing (or just hashing) with BLAKE2 or any other general-purpose
cryptographic hash function, such as SHA-256, is not suitable for hashing
passwords. See BLAKE2 FAQ for more information.

    
    >>> import os
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> msg = b'some message'
    >>> # Calculate the first hash with a random salt.
    >>> salt1 = os.urandom(blake2b.SALT_SIZE)
    >>> h1 = blake2b(salt=salt1)
    >>> h1.update(msg)
    >>> # Calculate the second hash with a different random salt.
    >>> salt2 = os.urandom(blake2b.SALT_SIZE)
    >>> h2 = blake2b(salt=salt2)
    >>> h2.update(msg)
    >>> # The digests are different.
    >>> h1.digest() != h2.digest()
    True
    
#### Personalization

Sometimes it is useful to force hash function to produce different digests for
the same input for different purposes. Quoting the authors of the Skein hash
function:

We recommend that all application designers seriously consider doing this; we
have seen many protocols where a hash that is computed in one part of the
protocol can be used in an entirely different part because two hash
computations were done on similar or related data, and the attacker can force
the application to make the hash inputs the same. Personalizing each hash
function used in the protocol summarily stops this type of attack.

(The Skein Hash Function Family, p. 21)

BLAKE2 can be personalized by passing bytes to the person argument:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>> FILES_HASH_PERSON = b'MyApp Files Hash'
    >>> BLOCK_HASH_PERSON = b'MyApp Block Hash'
    >>> h = blake2b(digest_size=32, person=FILES_HASH_PERSON)
    >>> h.update(b'the same content')
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    '20d9cd024d4fb086aae819a1432dd2466de12947831b75c5a30cf2676095d3b4'
    >>> h = blake2b(digest_size=32, person=BLOCK_HASH_PERSON)
    >>> h.update(b'the same content')
    >>> h.hexdigest()
    'cf68fb5761b9c44e7878bfb2c4c9aea52264a80b75005e65619778de59f383a3'
    
Personalization together with the keyed mode can also be used to derive
different keys from a single one.

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2s
    >>> from base64 import b64decode, b64encode
    >>> orig_key = b64decode(b'Rm5EPJai72qcK3RGBpW3vPNfZy5OZothY+kHY6h21KM=')
    >>> enc_key = blake2s(key=orig_key, person=b'kEncrypt').digest()
    >>> mac_key = blake2s(key=orig_key, person=b'kMAC').digest()
    >>> print(b64encode(enc_key).decode('utf-8'))
    rbPb15S/Z9t+agffno5wuhB77VbRi6F9Iv2qIxU7WHw=
    >>> print(b64encode(mac_key).decode('utf-8'))
    G9GtHFE1YluXY1zWPlYk1e/nWfu0WSEb0KRcjhDeP/o=
    
#### Tree mode

Here’s an example of hashing a minimal tree with two leaf nodes:

    
      10
     /  \
    00  01
    
This example uses 64-byte internal digests, and returns the 32-byte final
digest:

    
    >>> from hashlib import blake2b
    >>>
    >>> FANOUT = 2
    >>> DEPTH = 2
    >>> LEAF_SIZE = 4096
    >>> INNER_SIZE = 64
    >>>
    >>> buf = bytearray(6000)
    >>>
    >>> # Left leaf
    ... h00 = blake2b(buf[0:LEAF_SIZE], fanout=FANOUT, depth=DEPTH,
    ...               leaf_size=LEAF_SIZE, inner_size=INNER_SIZE,
    ...               node_offset=0, node_depth=0, last_node=False)
    >>> # Right leaf
    ... h01 = blake2b(buf[LEAF_SIZE:], fanout=FANOUT, depth=DEPTH,
    ...               leaf_size=LEAF_SIZE, inner_size=INNER_SIZE,
    ...               node_offset=1, node_depth=0, last_node=True)
    >>> # Root node
    ... h10 = blake2b(digest_size=32, fanout=FANOUT, depth=DEPTH,
    ...               leaf_size=LEAF_SIZE, inner_size=INNER_SIZE,
    ...               node_offset=0, node_depth=1, last_node=True)
    >>> h10.update(h00.digest())
    >>> h10.update(h01.digest())
    >>> h10.hexdigest()
    '3ad2a9b37c6070e374c7a8c508fe20ca86b6ed54e286e93a0318e95e881db5aa'
    
### Credits

BLAKE2 was designed by Jean-Philippe Aumasson, Samuel Neves, Zooko
Wilcox-O’Hearn, and Christian Winnerlein based on SHA-3 finalist BLAKE created
by Jean-Philippe Aumasson, Luca Henzen, Willi Meier, and Raphael C.-W. Phan.

It uses core algorithm from ChaCha cipher designed by Daniel J. Bernstein.

The stdlib implementation is based on pyblake2 module. It was written by
Dmitry Chestnykh based on C implementation written by Samuel Neves. The
documentation was copied from pyblake2 and written by Dmitry Chestnykh.

The C code was partly rewritten for Python by Christian Heimes.

The following public domain dedication applies for both C hash function
implementation, extension code, and this documentation:

To the extent possible under law, the author(s) have dedicated all copyright
and related and neighboring rights to this software to the public domain
worldwide. This software is distributed without any warranty.

You should have received a copy of the CC0 Public Domain Dedication along with
this software. If not, see https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/.

The following people have helped with development or contributed their changes
to the project and the public domain according to the Creative Commons Public
Domain Dedication 1.0 Universal:

  * Alexandr Sokolovskiy

See also

`Module` `hmac`

    
A module to generate message authentication codes using hashes.

`Module` `base64`

    
Another way to encode binary hashes for non-binary environments.

https://blake2.net

    
Official BLAKE2 website.

https://csrc.nist.gov/csrc/media/publications/fips/180/2/archive/2002-08-01/documents/fips180-2.pdf

    
The FIPS 180-2 publication on Secure Hash Algorithms.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptographic_hash_function#Cryptographic_hash_algorithms

    
Wikipedia article with information on which algorithms have known issues and
what that means regarding their use.

https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2898.txt

    
PKCS #5: Password-Based Cryptography Specification Version 2.0

© 2001–2021 Python Software Foundation  
Licensed under the PSF License.  
https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/hashlib.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

