# turtle — Turtle graphics

Source code: Lib/turtle.py

## Introduction

Turtle graphics is a popular way for introducing programming to kids. It was
part of the original Logo programming language developed by Wally Feurzeig,
Seymour Papert and Cynthia Solomon in 1967.

Imagine a robotic turtle starting at (0, 0) in the x-y plane. After an `import
turtle`, give it the command `turtle.forward(15)`, and it moves (on-screen!)
15 pixels in the direction it is facing, drawing a line as it moves. Give it
the command `turtle.right(25)`, and it rotates in-place 25 degrees clockwise.

Turtle star

Turtle can draw intricate shapes using programs that repeat simple moves.

![../_images/turtle-
star.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    from turtle import *
    color('red', 'yellow')
    begin_fill()
    while True:
        forward(200)
        left(170)
        if abs(pos()) < 1:
            break
    end_fill()
    done()
    
By combining together these and similar commands, intricate shapes and
pictures can easily be drawn.

The `turtle` module is an extended reimplementation of the same-named module
from the Python standard distribution up to version Python 2.5.

It tries to keep the merits of the old turtle module and to be (nearly) 100%
compatible with it. This means in the first place to enable the learning
programmer to use all the commands, classes and methods interactively when
using the module from within IDLE run with the `-n` switch.

The turtle module provides turtle graphics primitives, in both object-oriented
and procedure-oriented ways. Because it uses `tkinter` for the underlying
graphics, it needs a version of Python installed with Tk support.

The object-oriented interface uses essentially two+two classes:

  1. The `TurtleScreen` class defines graphics windows as a playground for the drawing turtles. Its constructor needs a `tkinter.Canvas` or a `ScrolledCanvas` as argument. It should be used when `turtle` is used as part of some application.
The function `Screen()` returns a singleton object of a `TurtleScreen`
subclass. This function should be used when `turtle` is used as a standalone
tool for doing graphics. As a singleton object, inheriting from its class is
not possible.

All methods of TurtleScreen/Screen also exist as functions, i.e. as part of
the procedure-oriented interface.

  2. `RawTurtle` (alias: `RawPen`) defines Turtle objects which draw on a `TurtleScreen`. Its constructor needs a Canvas, ScrolledCanvas or TurtleScreen as argument, so the RawTurtle objects know where to draw.
Derived from RawTurtle is the subclass `Turtle` (alias: `Pen`), which draws on
“the” `Screen` instance which is automatically created, if not already
present.

All methods of RawTurtle/Turtle also exist as functions, i.e. part of the
procedure-oriented interface.

The procedural interface provides functions which are derived from the methods
of the classes `Screen` and `Turtle`. They have the same names as the
corresponding methods. A screen object is automatically created whenever a
function derived from a Screen method is called. An (unnamed) turtle object is
automatically created whenever any of the functions derived from a Turtle
method is called.

To use multiple turtles on a screen one has to use the object-oriented
interface.

Note

In the following documentation the argument list for functions is given.
Methods, of course, have the additional first argument self which is omitted
here.

## Overview of available Turtle and Screen methods

### Turtle methods

Turtle motion

    
Move and draw

Tell Turtle’s state

Setting and measurement

Pen control

    
Drawing state

Color control

Filling

More drawing control

Turtle state

    
Visibility

Appearance

Using events

Special Turtle methods

### Methods of TurtleScreen/Screen

Window control

Animation control

Using screen events

Settings and special methods

Input methods

Methods specific to Screen

## Methods of RawTurtle/Turtle and corresponding functions

Most of the examples in this section refer to a Turtle instance called
`turtle`.

### Turtle motion

`turtle.forward(distance)`

`turtle.fd(distance)`

    
Parameters

    
distance – a number (integer or float)

Move the turtle forward by the specified distance, in the direction the turtle
is headed.

    
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.forward(25)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (25.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.forward(-75)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (-50.00,0.00)
    
`turtle.back(distance)`

`turtle.bk(distance)`

`turtle.backward(distance)`

    
Parameters

    
distance – a number

Move the turtle backward by distance, opposite to the direction the turtle is
headed. Do not change the turtle’s heading.

    
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.backward(30)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (-30.00,0.00)
    
`turtle.right(angle)`

`turtle.rt(angle)`

    
Parameters

    
angle – a number (integer or float)

Turn turtle right by angle units. (Units are by default degrees, but can be
set via the `degrees()` and `radians()` functions.) Angle orientation depends
on the turtle mode, see `mode()`.

    
    >>> turtle.heading()
    22.0
    >>> turtle.right(45)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    337.0
    
`turtle.left(angle)`

`turtle.lt(angle)`

    
Parameters

    
angle – a number (integer or float)

Turn turtle left by angle units. (Units are by default degrees, but can be set
via the `degrees()` and `radians()` functions.) Angle orientation depends on
the turtle mode, see `mode()`.

    
    >>> turtle.heading()
    22.0
    >>> turtle.left(45)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    67.0
    
`turtle.goto(x, y=None)`

`turtle.setpos(x, y=None)`

`turtle.setposition(x, y=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * x – a number or a pair/vector of numbers
  * y – a number or `None`

If y is `None`, x must be a pair of coordinates or a `Vec2D` (e.g. as returned
by `pos()`).

Move turtle to an absolute position. If the pen is down, draw line. Do not
change the turtle’s orientation.

    
     >>> tp = turtle.pos()
     >>> tp
     (0.00,0.00)
     >>> turtle.setpos(60,30)
     >>> turtle.pos()
     (60.00,30.00)
     >>> turtle.setpos((20,80))
     >>> turtle.pos()
     (20.00,80.00)
     >>> turtle.setpos(tp)
     >>> turtle.pos()
     (0.00,0.00)
    
`turtle.setx(x)`

    
Parameters

    
x – a number (integer or float)

Set the turtle’s first coordinate to x, leave second coordinate unchanged.

    
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,240.00)
    >>> turtle.setx(10)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (10.00,240.00)
    
`turtle.sety(y)`

    
Parameters

    
y – a number (integer or float)

Set the turtle’s second coordinate to y, leave first coordinate unchanged.

    
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,40.00)
    >>> turtle.sety(-10)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,-10.00)
    
`turtle.setheading(to_angle)`

`turtle.seth(to_angle)`

    
Parameters

    
to_angle – a number (integer or float)

Set the orientation of the turtle to to_angle. Here are some common directions
in degrees:

standard mode | logo mode  
---|---  
0 - east | 0 - north  
90 - north | 90 - east  
180 - west | 180 - south  
270 - south | 270 - west  
    
    >>> turtle.setheading(90)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    90.0
    
`turtle.home()`

    
Move turtle to the origin – coordinates (0,0) – and set its heading to its
start-orientation (which depends on the mode, see `mode()`).

    
    >>> turtle.heading()
    90.0
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,-10.00)
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    0.0
    
`turtle.circle(radius, extent=None, steps=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * radius – a number
  * extent – a number (or `None`)
  * steps – an integer (or `None`)

Draw a circle with given radius. The center is radius units left of the
turtle; extent – an angle – determines which part of the circle is drawn. If
extent is not given, draw the entire circle. If extent is not a full circle,
one endpoint of the arc is the current pen position. Draw the arc in
counterclockwise direction if radius is positive, otherwise in clockwise
direction. Finally the direction of the turtle is changed by the amount of
extent.

As the circle is approximated by an inscribed regular polygon, steps
determines the number of steps to use. If not given, it will be calculated
automatically. May be used to draw regular polygons.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    0.0
    >>> turtle.circle(50)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (-0.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    0.0
    >>> turtle.circle(120, 180)  # draw a semicircle
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,240.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    180.0
    
`turtle.dot(size=None, *color)`

    
Parameters

    
  * size – an integer >= 1 (if given)
  * color – a colorstring or a numeric color tuple

Draw a circular dot with diameter size, using color. If size is not given, the
maximum of pensize+4 and 2*pensize is used.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.dot()
    >>> turtle.fd(50); turtle.dot(20, "blue"); turtle.fd(50)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (100.00,-0.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    0.0
    
`turtle.stamp()`

    
Stamp a copy of the turtle shape onto the canvas at the current turtle
position. Return a stamp_id for that stamp, which can be used to delete it by
calling `clearstamp(stamp_id)`.

    
    >>> turtle.color("blue")
    >>> turtle.stamp()
    11
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    
`turtle.clearstamp(stampid)`

    
Parameters

    
stampid – an integer, must be return value of previous `stamp()` call

Delete stamp with given stampid.

    
    >>> turtle.position()
    (150.00,-0.00)
    >>> turtle.color("blue")
    >>> astamp = turtle.stamp()
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (200.00,-0.00)
    >>> turtle.clearstamp(astamp)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (200.00,-0.00)
    
`turtle.clearstamps(n=None)`

    
Parameters

    
n – an integer (or `None`)

Delete all or first/last n of turtle’s stamps. If n is `None`, delete all
stamps, if n > 0 delete first n stamps, else if n < 0 delete last n stamps.

    
    >>> for i in range(8):
    ...     turtle.stamp(); turtle.fd(30)
    13
    14
    15
    16
    17
    18
    19
    20
    >>> turtle.clearstamps(2)
    >>> turtle.clearstamps(-2)
    >>> turtle.clearstamps()
    
`turtle.undo()`

    
Undo (repeatedly) the last turtle action(s). Number of available undo actions
is determined by the size of the undobuffer.

    
    >>> for i in range(4):
    ...     turtle.fd(50); turtle.lt(80)
    ...
    >>> for i in range(8):
    ...     turtle.undo()
    
`turtle.speed(speed=None)`

    
Parameters

    
speed – an integer in the range 0..10 or a speedstring (see below)

Set the turtle’s speed to an integer value in the range 0..10. If no argument
is given, return current speed.

If input is a number greater than 10 or smaller than 0.5, speed is set to 0.
Speedstrings are mapped to speedvalues as follows:

  * “fastest”: 0
  * “fast”: 10
  * “normal”: 6
  * “slow”: 3
  * “slowest”: 1

Speeds from 1 to 10 enforce increasingly faster animation of line drawing and
turtle turning.

Attention: speed = 0 means that no animation takes place. forward/back makes
turtle jump and likewise left/right make the turtle turn instantly.

    
    >>> turtle.speed()
    3
    >>> turtle.speed('normal')
    >>> turtle.speed()
    6
    >>> turtle.speed(9)
    >>> turtle.speed()
    9
    
### Tell Turtle’s state

`turtle.position()`

`turtle.pos()`

    
Return the turtle’s current location (x,y) (as a `Vec2D` vector).

    
    >>> turtle.pos()
    (440.00,-0.00)
    
`turtle.towards(x, y=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * x – a number or a pair/vector of numbers or a turtle instance
  * y – a number if x is a number, else `None`

Return the angle between the line from turtle position to position specified
by (x,y), the vector or the other turtle. This depends on the turtle’s start
orientation which depends on the mode - “standard”/”world” or “logo”.

    
    >>> turtle.goto(10, 10)
    >>> turtle.towards(0,0)
    225.0
    
`turtle.xcor()`

    
Return the turtle’s x coordinate.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.left(50)
    >>> turtle.forward(100)
    >>> turtle.pos()
    (64.28,76.60)
    >>> print(round(turtle.xcor(), 5))
    64.27876
    
`turtle.ycor()`

    
Return the turtle’s y coordinate.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.left(60)
    >>> turtle.forward(100)
    >>> print(turtle.pos())
    (50.00,86.60)
    >>> print(round(turtle.ycor(), 5))
    86.60254
    
`turtle.heading()`

    
Return the turtle’s current heading (value depends on the turtle mode, see
`mode()`).

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.left(67)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    67.0
    
`turtle.distance(x, y=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * x – a number or a pair/vector of numbers or a turtle instance
  * y – a number if x is a number, else `None`

Return the distance from the turtle to (x,y), the given vector, or the given
other turtle, in turtle step units.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.distance(30,40)
    50.0
    >>> turtle.distance((30,40))
    50.0
    >>> joe = Turtle()
    >>> joe.forward(77)
    >>> turtle.distance(joe)
    77.0
    
### Settings for measurement

`turtle.degrees(fullcircle=360.0)`

    
Parameters

    
fullcircle – a number

Set angle measurement units, i.e. set number of “degrees” for a full circle.
Default value is 360 degrees.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.left(90)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    90.0
    
    Change angle measurement unit to grad (also known as gon,
    grade, or gradian and equals 1/100-th of the right angle.)
    >>> turtle.degrees(400.0)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    100.0
    >>> turtle.degrees(360)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    90.0
    
`turtle.radians()`

    
Set the angle measurement units to radians. Equivalent to
`degrees(2*math.pi)`.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.left(90)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    90.0
    >>> turtle.radians()
    >>> turtle.heading()
    1.5707963267948966
    
### Pen control

#### Drawing state

`turtle.pendown()`

`turtle.pd()`

`turtle.down()`

    
Pull the pen down – drawing when moving.

`turtle.penup()`

`turtle.pu()`

`turtle.up()`

    
Pull the pen up – no drawing when moving.

`turtle.pensize(width=None)`

`turtle.width(width=None)`

    
Parameters

    
width – a positive number

Set the line thickness to width or return it. If resizemode is set to “auto”
and turtleshape is a polygon, that polygon is drawn with the same line
thickness. If no argument is given, the current pensize is returned.

    
    >>> turtle.pensize()
    1
    >>> turtle.pensize(10)   # from here on lines of width 10 are drawn
    
`turtle.pen(pen=None, **pendict)`

    
Parameters

    
  * pen – a dictionary with some or all of the below listed keys
  * pendict – one or more keyword-arguments with the below listed keys as keywords

Return or set the pen’s attributes in a “pen-dictionary” with the following
key/value pairs:

  * “shown”: True/False
  * “pendown”: True/False
  * “pencolor”: color-string or color-tuple
  * “fillcolor”: color-string or color-tuple
  * “pensize”: positive number
  * “speed”: number in range 0..10
  * “resizemode”: “auto” or “user” or “noresize”
  * “stretchfactor”: (positive number, positive number)
  * “outline”: positive number
  * “tilt”: number

This dictionary can be used as argument for a subsequent call to `pen()` to
restore the former pen-state. Moreover one or more of these attributes can be
provided as keyword-arguments. This can be used to set several pen attributes
in one statement.

    
    >>> turtle.pen(fillcolor="black", pencolor="red", pensize=10)
    >>> sorted(turtle.pen().items())
    [('fillcolor', 'black'), ('outline', 1), ('pencolor', 'red'),
     ('pendown', True), ('pensize', 10), ('resizemode', 'noresize'),
     ('shearfactor', 0.0), ('shown', True), ('speed', 9),
     ('stretchfactor', (1.0, 1.0)), ('tilt', 0.0)]
    >>> penstate=turtle.pen()
    >>> turtle.color("yellow", "")
    >>> turtle.penup()
    >>> sorted(turtle.pen().items())[:3]
    [('fillcolor', ''), ('outline', 1), ('pencolor', 'yellow')]
    >>> turtle.pen(penstate, fillcolor="green")
    >>> sorted(turtle.pen().items())[:3]
    [('fillcolor', 'green'), ('outline', 1), ('pencolor', 'red')]
    
`turtle.isdown()`

    
Return `True` if pen is down, `False` if it’s up.

    
    >>> turtle.penup()
    >>> turtle.isdown()
    False
    >>> turtle.pendown()
    >>> turtle.isdown()
    True
    
#### Color control

`turtle.pencolor(*args)`

    
Return or set the pencolor.

Four input formats are allowed:

`pencolor()`

    
Return the current pencolor as color specification string or as a tuple (see
example). May be used as input to another color/pencolor/fillcolor call.

`pencolor(colorstring)`

    
Set pencolor to colorstring, which is a Tk color specification string, such as
`"red"`, `"yellow"`, or `"#33cc8c"`.

`pencolor((r, g, b))`

    
Set pencolor to the RGB color represented by the tuple of r, g, and b. Each of
r, g, and b must be in the range 0..colormode, where colormode is either 1.0
or 255 (see `colormode()`).

`pencolor(r, g, b)`

    
Set pencolor to the RGB color represented by r, g, and b. Each of r, g, and b
must be in the range 0..colormode.

If turtleshape is a polygon, the outline of that polygon is drawn with the
newly set pencolor.

    
     >>> colormode()
     1.0
     >>> turtle.pencolor()
     'red'
     >>> turtle.pencolor("brown")
     >>> turtle.pencolor()
     'brown'
     >>> tup = (0.2, 0.8, 0.55)
     >>> turtle.pencolor(tup)
     >>> turtle.pencolor()
     (0.2, 0.8, 0.5490196078431373)
     >>> colormode(255)
     >>> turtle.pencolor()
     (51.0, 204.0, 140.0)
     >>> turtle.pencolor('#32c18f')
     >>> turtle.pencolor()
     (50.0, 193.0, 143.0)
    
`turtle.fillcolor(*args)`

    
Return or set the fillcolor.

Four input formats are allowed:

`fillcolor()`

    
Return the current fillcolor as color specification string, possibly in tuple
format (see example). May be used as input to another color/pencolor/fillcolor
call.

`fillcolor(colorstring)`

    
Set fillcolor to colorstring, which is a Tk color specification string, such
as `"red"`, `"yellow"`, or `"#33cc8c"`.

`fillcolor((r, g, b))`

    
Set fillcolor to the RGB color represented by the tuple of r, g, and b. Each
of r, g, and b must be in the range 0..colormode, where colormode is either
1.0 or 255 (see `colormode()`).

`fillcolor(r, g, b)`

    
Set fillcolor to the RGB color represented by r, g, and b. Each of r, g, and b
must be in the range 0..colormode.

If turtleshape is a polygon, the interior of that polygon is drawn with the
newly set fillcolor.

    
     >>> turtle.fillcolor("violet")
     >>> turtle.fillcolor()
     'violet'
     >>> turtle.pencolor()
     (50.0, 193.0, 143.0)
     >>> turtle.fillcolor((50, 193, 143))  # Integers, not floats
     >>> turtle.fillcolor()
     (50.0, 193.0, 143.0)
     >>> turtle.fillcolor('#ffffff')
     >>> turtle.fillcolor()
     (255.0, 255.0, 255.0)
    
`turtle.color(*args)`

    
Return or set pencolor and fillcolor.

Several input formats are allowed. They use 0 to 3 arguments as follows:

`color()`

    
Return the current pencolor and the current fillcolor as a pair of color
specification strings or tuples as returned by `pencolor()` and `fillcolor()`.

`color(colorstring), color((r,g,b)), color(r,g,b)`

    
Inputs as in `pencolor()`, set both, fillcolor and pencolor, to the given
value.

`color(colorstring1, colorstring2), color((r1,g1,b1), (r2,g2,b2))`

    
Equivalent to `pencolor(colorstring1)` and `fillcolor(colorstring2)` and
analogously if the other input format is used.

If turtleshape is a polygon, outline and interior of that polygon is drawn
with the newly set colors.

    
     >>> turtle.color("red", "green")
     >>> turtle.color()
     ('red', 'green')
     >>> color("#285078", "#a0c8f0")
     >>> color()
     ((40.0, 80.0, 120.0), (160.0, 200.0, 240.0))
    
See also: Screen method `colormode()`.

#### Filling

`turtle.filling()`

    
Return fillstate (`True` if filling, `False` else).

    
     >>> turtle.begin_fill()
     >>> if turtle.filling():
     ...    turtle.pensize(5)
     ... else:
     ...    turtle.pensize(3)
    
`turtle.begin_fill()`

    
To be called just before drawing a shape to be filled.

`turtle.end_fill()`

    
Fill the shape drawn after the last call to `begin_fill()`.

Whether or not overlap regions for self-intersecting polygons or multiple
shapes are filled depends on the operating system graphics, type of overlap,
and number of overlaps. For example, the Turtle star above may be either all
yellow or have some white regions.

    
    >>> turtle.color("black", "red")
    >>> turtle.begin_fill()
    >>> turtle.circle(80)
    >>> turtle.end_fill()
    
#### More drawing control

`turtle.reset()`

    
Delete the turtle’s drawings from the screen, re-center the turtle and set
variables to the default values.

    
    >>> turtle.goto(0,-22)
    >>> turtle.left(100)
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,-22.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    100.0
    >>> turtle.reset()
    >>> turtle.position()
    (0.00,0.00)
    >>> turtle.heading()
    0.0
    
`turtle.clear()`

    
Delete the turtle’s drawings from the screen. Do not move turtle. State and
position of the turtle as well as drawings of other turtles are not affected.

`turtle.write(arg, move=False, align="left", font=("Arial", 8, "normal"))`

    
Parameters

    
  * arg – object to be written to the TurtleScreen
  * move – True/False
  * align – one of the strings “left”, “center” or right”
  * font – a triple (fontname, fontsize, fonttype)

Write text - the string representation of arg \- at the current turtle
position according to align (“left”, “center” or “right”) and with the given
font. If move is true, the pen is moved to the bottom-right corner of the
text. By default, move is `False`.

    
    >>> turtle.write("Home = ", True, align="center")
    >>> turtle.write((0,0), True)
    
### Turtle state

#### Visibility

`turtle.hideturtle()`

`turtle.ht()`

    
Make the turtle invisible. It’s a good idea to do this while you’re in the
middle of doing some complex drawing, because hiding the turtle speeds up the
drawing observably.

    
    >>> turtle.hideturtle()
    
`turtle.showturtle()`

`turtle.st()`

    
Make the turtle visible.

    
    >>> turtle.showturtle()
    
`turtle.isvisible()`

    
Return `True` if the Turtle is shown, `False` if it’s hidden.

    
    >>> turtle.hideturtle()
    >>> turtle.isvisible()
    False
    >>> turtle.showturtle()
    >>> turtle.isvisible()
    True
    
#### Appearance

`turtle.shape(name=None)`

    
Parameters

    
name – a string which is a valid shapename

Set turtle shape to shape with given name or, if name is not given, return
name of current shape. Shape with name must exist in the TurtleScreen’s shape
dictionary. Initially there are the following polygon shapes: “arrow”,
“turtle”, “circle”, “square”, “triangle”, “classic”. To learn about how to
deal with shapes see Screen method `register_shape()`.

    
    >>> turtle.shape()
    'classic'
    >>> turtle.shape("turtle")
    >>> turtle.shape()
    'turtle'
    
`turtle.resizemode(rmode=None)`

    
Parameters

    
rmode – one of the strings “auto”, “user”, “noresize”

Set resizemode to one of the values: “auto”, “user”, “noresize”. If rmode is
not given, return current resizemode. Different resizemodes have the following
effects:

  * “auto”: adapts the appearance of the turtle corresponding to the value of pensize.
  * “user”: adapts the appearance of the turtle according to the values of stretchfactor and outlinewidth (outline), which are set by `shapesize()`.
  * “noresize”: no adaption of the turtle’s appearance takes place.

`resizemode("user")` is called by `shapesize()` when used with arguments.

    
    >>> turtle.resizemode()
    'noresize'
    >>> turtle.resizemode("auto")
    >>> turtle.resizemode()
    'auto'
    
`turtle.shapesize(stretch_wid=None, stretch_len=None, outline=None)`

`turtle.turtlesize(stretch_wid=None, stretch_len=None, outline=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * stretch_wid – positive number
  * stretch_len – positive number
  * outline – positive number

Return or set the pen’s attributes x/y-stretchfactors and/or outline. Set
resizemode to “user”. If and only if resizemode is set to “user”, the turtle
will be displayed stretched according to its stretchfactors: stretch_wid is
stretchfactor perpendicular to its orientation, stretch_len is stretchfactor
in direction of its orientation, outline determines the width of the shapes’s
outline.

    
    >>> turtle.shapesize()
    (1.0, 1.0, 1)
    >>> turtle.resizemode("user")
    >>> turtle.shapesize(5, 5, 12)
    >>> turtle.shapesize()
    (5, 5, 12)
    >>> turtle.shapesize(outline=8)
    >>> turtle.shapesize()
    (5, 5, 8)
    
`turtle.shearfactor(shear=None)`

    
Parameters

    
shear – number (optional)

Set or return the current shearfactor. Shear the turtleshape according to the
given shearfactor shear, which is the tangent of the shear angle. Do not
change the turtle’s heading (direction of movement). If shear is not given:
return the current shearfactor, i. e. the tangent of the shear angle, by which
lines parallel to the heading of the turtle are sheared.

    
     >>> turtle.shape("circle")
     >>> turtle.shapesize(5,2)
     >>> turtle.shearfactor(0.5)
     >>> turtle.shearfactor()
     0.5
    
`turtle.tilt(angle)`

    
Parameters

    
angle – a number

Rotate the turtleshape by angle from its current tilt-angle, but do not change
the turtle’s heading (direction of movement).

    
    >>> turtle.reset()
    >>> turtle.shape("circle")
    >>> turtle.shapesize(5,2)
    >>> turtle.tilt(30)
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    >>> turtle.tilt(30)
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    
`turtle.settiltangle(angle)`

    
Parameters

    
angle – a number

Rotate the turtleshape to point in the direction specified by angle,
regardless of its current tilt-angle. Do not change the turtle’s heading
(direction of movement).

    
    >>> turtle.reset()
    >>> turtle.shape("circle")
    >>> turtle.shapesize(5,2)
    >>> turtle.settiltangle(45)
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    >>> turtle.settiltangle(-45)
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    
Deprecated since version 3.1.

`turtle.tiltangle(angle=None)`

    
Parameters

    
angle – a number (optional)

Set or return the current tilt-angle. If angle is given, rotate the
turtleshape to point in the direction specified by angle, regardless of its
current tilt-angle. Do not change the turtle’s heading (direction of
movement). If angle is not given: return the current tilt-angle, i. e. the
angle between the orientation of the turtleshape and the heading of the turtle
(its direction of movement).

    
    >>> turtle.reset()
    >>> turtle.shape("circle")
    >>> turtle.shapesize(5,2)
    >>> turtle.tilt(45)
    >>> turtle.tiltangle()
    45.0
    
`turtle.shapetransform(t11=None, t12=None, t21=None, t22=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * t11 – a number (optional)
  * t12 – a number (optional)
  * t21 – a number (optional)
  * t12 – a number (optional)

Set or return the current transformation matrix of the turtle shape.

If none of the matrix elements are given, return the transformation matrix as
a tuple of 4 elements. Otherwise set the given elements and transform the
turtleshape according to the matrix consisting of first row t11, t12 and
second row t21, t22. The determinant t11 * t22 - t12 * t21 must not be zero,
otherwise an error is raised. Modify stretchfactor, shearfactor and tiltangle
according to the given matrix.

    
    >>> turtle = Turtle()
    >>> turtle.shape("square")
    >>> turtle.shapesize(4,2)
    >>> turtle.shearfactor(-0.5)
    >>> turtle.shapetransform()
    (4.0, -1.0, -0.0, 2.0)
    
`turtle.get_shapepoly()`

    
Return the current shape polygon as tuple of coordinate pairs. This can be
used to define a new shape or components of a compound shape.

    
    >>> turtle.shape("square")
    >>> turtle.shapetransform(4, -1, 0, 2)
    >>> turtle.get_shapepoly()
    ((50, -20), (30, 20), (-50, 20), (-30, -20))
    
### Using events

`turtle.onclick(fun, btn=1, add=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with two arguments which will be called with the coordinates of the clicked point on the canvas
  * btn – number of the mouse-button, defaults to 1 (left mouse button)
  * add – `True` or `False` – if `True`, a new binding will be added, otherwise it will replace a former binding

Bind fun to mouse-click events on this turtle. If fun is `None`, existing
bindings are removed. Example for the anonymous turtle, i.e. the procedural
way:

    
    >>> def turn(x, y):
    ...     left(180)
    ...
    >>> onclick(turn)  # Now clicking into the turtle will turn it.
    >>> onclick(None)  # event-binding will be removed
    
`turtle.onrelease(fun, btn=1, add=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with two arguments which will be called with the coordinates of the clicked point on the canvas
  * btn – number of the mouse-button, defaults to 1 (left mouse button)
  * add – `True` or `False` – if `True`, a new binding will be added, otherwise it will replace a former binding

Bind fun to mouse-button-release events on this turtle. If fun is `None`,
existing bindings are removed.

    
    >>> class MyTurtle(Turtle):
    ...     def glow(self,x,y):
    ...         self.fillcolor("red")
    ...     def unglow(self,x,y):
    ...         self.fillcolor("")
    ...
    >>> turtle = MyTurtle()
    >>> turtle.onclick(turtle.glow)     # clicking on turtle turns fillcolor red,
    >>> turtle.onrelease(turtle.unglow) # releasing turns it to transparent.
    
`turtle.ondrag(fun, btn=1, add=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with two arguments which will be called with the coordinates of the clicked point on the canvas
  * btn – number of the mouse-button, defaults to 1 (left mouse button)
  * add – `True` or `False` – if `True`, a new binding will be added, otherwise it will replace a former binding

Bind fun to mouse-move events on this turtle. If fun is `None`, existing
bindings are removed.

Remark: Every sequence of mouse-move-events on a turtle is preceded by a
mouse-click event on that turtle.

    
    >>> turtle.ondrag(turtle.goto)
    
Subsequently, clicking and dragging the Turtle will move it across the screen
thereby producing handdrawings (if pen is down).

### Special Turtle methods

`turtle.begin_poly()`

    
Start recording the vertices of a polygon. Current turtle position is first
vertex of polygon.

`turtle.end_poly()`

    
Stop recording the vertices of a polygon. Current turtle position is last
vertex of polygon. This will be connected with the first vertex.

`turtle.get_poly()`

    
Return the last recorded polygon.

    
    >>> turtle.home()
    >>> turtle.begin_poly()
    >>> turtle.fd(100)
    >>> turtle.left(20)
    >>> turtle.fd(30)
    >>> turtle.left(60)
    >>> turtle.fd(50)
    >>> turtle.end_poly()
    >>> p = turtle.get_poly()
    >>> register_shape("myFavouriteShape", p)
    
`turtle.clone()`

    
Create and return a clone of the turtle with same position, heading and turtle
properties.

    
    >>> mick = Turtle()
    >>> joe = mick.clone()
    
`turtle.getturtle()`

`turtle.getpen()`

    
Return the Turtle object itself. Only reasonable use: as a function to return
the “anonymous turtle”:

    
    >>> pet = getturtle()
    >>> pet.fd(50)
    >>> pet
    <turtle.Turtle object at 0x...>
    
`turtle.getscreen()`

    
Return the `TurtleScreen` object the turtle is drawing on. TurtleScreen
methods can then be called for that object.

    
    >>> ts = turtle.getscreen()
    >>> ts
    <turtle._Screen object at 0x...>
    >>> ts.bgcolor("pink")
    
`turtle.setundobuffer(size)`

    
Parameters

    
size – an integer or `None`

Set or disable undobuffer. If size is an integer, an empty undobuffer of given
size is installed. size gives the maximum number of turtle actions that can be
undone by the `undo()` method/function. If size is `None`, the undobuffer is
disabled.

    
    >>> turtle.setundobuffer(42)
    
`turtle.undobufferentries()`

    
Return number of entries in the undobuffer.

    
    >>> while undobufferentries():
    ...     undo()
    
### Compound shapes

To use compound turtle shapes, which consist of several polygons of different
color, you must use the helper class `Shape` explicitly as described below:

  1. Create an empty Shape object of type “compound”.
  2. Add as many components to this object as desired, using the `addcomponent()` method.
For example:

        >>> s = Shape("compound")
    >>> poly1 = ((0,0),(10,-5),(0,10),(-10,-5))
    >>> s.addcomponent(poly1, "red", "blue")
    >>> poly2 = ((0,0),(10,-5),(-10,-5))
    >>> s.addcomponent(poly2, "blue", "red")
    
  3. Now add the Shape to the Screen’s shapelist and use it:
        >>> register_shape("myshape", s)
    >>> shape("myshape")
    

Note

The `Shape` class is used internally by the `register_shape()` method in
different ways. The application programmer has to deal with the Shape class
only when using compound shapes like shown above!

## Methods of TurtleScreen/Screen and corresponding functions

Most of the examples in this section refer to a TurtleScreen instance called
`screen`.

### Window control

`turtle.bgcolor(*args)`

    
Parameters

    
args – a color string or three numbers in the range 0..colormode or a 3-tuple
of such numbers

Set or return background color of the TurtleScreen.

    
    >>> screen.bgcolor("orange")
    >>> screen.bgcolor()
    'orange'
    >>> screen.bgcolor("#800080")
    >>> screen.bgcolor()
    (128.0, 0.0, 128.0)
    
`turtle.bgpic(picname=None)`

    
Parameters

    
picname – a string, name of a gif-file or `"nopic"`, or `None`

Set background image or return name of current backgroundimage. If picname is
a filename, set the corresponding image as background. If picname is
`"nopic"`, delete background image, if present. If picname is `None`, return
the filename of the current backgroundimage.

    
    >>> screen.bgpic()
    'nopic'
    >>> screen.bgpic("landscape.gif")
    >>> screen.bgpic()
    "landscape.gif"
    
`turtle.clear()`

`turtle.clearscreen()`

    
Delete all drawings and all turtles from the TurtleScreen. Reset the now empty
TurtleScreen to its initial state: white background, no background image, no
event bindings and tracing on.

Note

This TurtleScreen method is available as a global function only under the name
`clearscreen`. The global function `clear` is a different one derived from the
Turtle method `clear`.

`turtle.reset()`

`turtle.resetscreen()`

    
Reset all Turtles on the Screen to their initial state.

Note

This TurtleScreen method is available as a global function only under the name
`resetscreen`. The global function `reset` is another one derived from the
Turtle method `reset`.

`turtle.screensize(canvwidth=None, canvheight=None, bg=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * canvwidth – positive integer, new width of canvas in pixels
  * canvheight – positive integer, new height of canvas in pixels
  * bg – colorstring or color-tuple, new background color

If no arguments are given, return current (canvaswidth, canvasheight). Else
resize the canvas the turtles are drawing on. Do not alter the drawing window.
To observe hidden parts of the canvas, use the scrollbars. With this method,
one can make visible those parts of a drawing which were outside the canvas
before.

    
    >>> screen.screensize()
    (400, 300)
    >>> screen.screensize(2000,1500)
    >>> screen.screensize()
    (2000, 1500)
    
e.g. to search for an erroneously escaped turtle ;-)

`turtle.setworldcoordinates(llx, lly, urx, ury)`

    
Parameters

    
  * llx – a number, x-coordinate of lower left corner of canvas
  * lly – a number, y-coordinate of lower left corner of canvas
  * urx – a number, x-coordinate of upper right corner of canvas
  * ury – a number, y-coordinate of upper right corner of canvas

Set up user-defined coordinate system and switch to mode “world” if necessary.
This performs a `screen.reset()`. If mode “world” is already active, all
drawings are redrawn according to the new coordinates.

ATTENTION: in user-defined coordinate systems angles may appear distorted.

    
    >>> screen.reset()
    >>> screen.setworldcoordinates(-50,-7.5,50,7.5)
    >>> for _ in range(72):
    ...     left(10)
    ...
    >>> for _ in range(8):
    ...     left(45); fd(2)   # a regular octagon
    
### Animation control

`turtle.delay(delay=None)`

    
Parameters

    
delay – positive integer

Set or return the drawing delay in milliseconds. (This is approximately the
time interval between two consecutive canvas updates.) The longer the drawing
delay, the slower the animation.

Optional argument:

    
    >>> screen.delay()
    10
    >>> screen.delay(5)
    >>> screen.delay()
    5
    
`turtle.tracer(n=None, delay=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * n – nonnegative integer
  * delay – nonnegative integer

Turn turtle animation on/off and set delay for update drawings. If n is given,
only each n-th regular screen update is really performed. (Can be used to
accelerate the drawing of complex graphics.) When called without arguments,
returns the currently stored value of n. Second argument sets delay value (see
`delay()`).

    
    >>> screen.tracer(8, 25)
    >>> dist = 2
    >>> for i in range(200):
    ...     fd(dist)
    ...     rt(90)
    ...     dist += 2
    
`turtle.update()`

    
Perform a TurtleScreen update. To be used when tracer is turned off.

See also the RawTurtle/Turtle method `speed()`.

### Using screen events

`turtle.listen(xdummy=None, ydummy=None)`

    
Set focus on TurtleScreen (in order to collect key-events). Dummy arguments
are provided in order to be able to pass `listen()` to the onclick method.

`turtle.onkey(fun, key)`

`turtle.onkeyrelease(fun, key)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with no arguments or `None`
  * key – a string: key (e.g. “a”) or key-symbol (e.g. “space”)

Bind fun to key-release event of key. If fun is `None`, event bindings are
removed. Remark: in order to be able to register key-events, TurtleScreen must
have the focus. (See method `listen()`.)

    
    >>> def f():
    ...     fd(50)
    ...     lt(60)
    ...
    >>> screen.onkey(f, "Up")
    >>> screen.listen()
    
`turtle.onkeypress(fun, key=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with no arguments or `None`
  * key – a string: key (e.g. “a”) or key-symbol (e.g. “space”)

Bind fun to key-press event of key if key is given, or to any key-press-event
if no key is given. Remark: in order to be able to register key-events,
TurtleScreen must have focus. (See method `listen()`.)

    
    >>> def f():
    ...     fd(50)
    ...
    >>> screen.onkey(f, "Up")
    >>> screen.listen()
    
`turtle.onclick(fun, btn=1, add=None)`

`turtle.onscreenclick(fun, btn=1, add=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with two arguments which will be called with the coordinates of the clicked point on the canvas
  * btn – number of the mouse-button, defaults to 1 (left mouse button)
  * add – `True` or `False` – if `True`, a new binding will be added, otherwise it will replace a former binding

Bind fun to mouse-click events on this screen. If fun is `None`, existing
bindings are removed.

Example for a TurtleScreen instance named `screen` and a Turtle instance named
`turtle`:

    
    >>> screen.onclick(turtle.goto) # Subsequently clicking into the TurtleScreen will
    >>>                             # make the turtle move to the clicked point.
    >>> screen.onclick(None)        # remove event binding again
    
Note

This TurtleScreen method is available as a global function only under the name
`onscreenclick`. The global function `onclick` is another one derived from the
Turtle method `onclick`.

`turtle.ontimer(fun, t=0)`

    
Parameters

    
  * fun – a function with no arguments
  * t – a number >= 0

Install a timer that calls fun after t milliseconds.

    
    >>> running = True
    >>> def f():
    ...     if running:
    ...         fd(50)
    ...         lt(60)
    ...         screen.ontimer(f, 250)
    >>> f()   ### makes the turtle march around
    >>> running = False
    
`turtle.mainloop()`

`turtle.done()`

    
Starts event loop - calling Tkinter’s mainloop function. Must be the last
statement in a turtle graphics program. Must not be used if a script is run
from within IDLE in -n mode (No subprocess) - for interactive use of turtle
graphics.

    
    >>> screen.mainloop()
    
### Input methods

`turtle.textinput(title, prompt)`

    
Parameters

    
  * title – string
  * prompt – string

Pop up a dialog window for input of a string. Parameter title is the title of
the dialog window, prompt is a text mostly describing what information to
input. Return the string input. If the dialog is canceled, return `None`.

    
    >>> screen.textinput("NIM", "Name of first player:")
    
`turtle.numinput(title, prompt, default=None, minval=None, maxval=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * title – string
  * prompt – string
  * default – number (optional)
  * minval – number (optional)
  * maxval – number (optional)

Pop up a dialog window for input of a number. title is the title of the dialog
window, prompt is a text mostly describing what numerical information to
input. default: default value, minval: minimum value for input, maxval:
maximum value for input The number input must be in the range minval .. maxval
if these are given. If not, a hint is issued and the dialog remains open for
correction. Return the number input. If the dialog is canceled, return `None`.

    
    >>> screen.numinput("Poker", "Your stakes:", 1000, minval=10, maxval=10000)
    
### Settings and special methods

`turtle.mode(mode=None)`

    
Parameters

    
mode – one of the strings “standard”, “logo” or “world”

Set turtle mode (“standard”, “logo” or “world”) and perform reset. If mode is
not given, current mode is returned.

Mode “standard” is compatible with old `turtle`. Mode “logo” is compatible
with most Logo turtle graphics. Mode “world” uses user-defined “world
coordinates”. Attention: in this mode angles appear distorted if `x/y` unit-
ratio doesn’t equal 1.

Mode | Initial turtle heading | positive angles  
---|---|---  
“standard” | to the right (east) | counterclockwise  
“logo” | upward (north) | clockwise  
    
    >>> mode("logo")   # resets turtle heading to north
    >>> mode()
    'logo'
    
`turtle.colormode(cmode=None)`

    
Parameters

    
cmode – one of the values 1.0 or 255

Return the colormode or set it to 1.0 or 255. Subsequently r, g, b values of
color triples have to be in the range 0..cmode.

    
    >>> screen.colormode(1)
    >>> turtle.pencolor(240, 160, 80)
    Traceback (most recent call last):
         ...
    TurtleGraphicsError: bad color sequence: (240, 160, 80)
    >>> screen.colormode()
    1.0
    >>> screen.colormode(255)
    >>> screen.colormode()
    255
    >>> turtle.pencolor(240,160,80)
    
`turtle.getcanvas()`

    
Return the Canvas of this TurtleScreen. Useful for insiders who know what to
do with a Tkinter Canvas.

    
    >>> cv = screen.getcanvas()
    >>> cv
    <turtle.ScrolledCanvas object ...>
    
`turtle.getshapes()`

    
Return a list of names of all currently available turtle shapes.

    
    >>> screen.getshapes()
    ['arrow', 'blank', 'circle', ..., 'turtle']
    
`turtle.register_shape(name, shape=None)`

`turtle.addshape(name, shape=None)`

    
There are three different ways to call this function:

  1. name is the name of a gif-file and shape is `None`: Install the corresponding image shape.
        >>> screen.register_shape("turtle.gif")
    
Note

Image shapes do not rotate when turning the turtle, so they do not display the
heading of the turtle!

  2. name is an arbitrary string and shape is a tuple of pairs of coordinates: Install the corresponding polygon shape.
        >>> screen.register_shape("triangle", ((5,-3), (0,5), (-5,-3)))
    
  3. name is an arbitrary string and shape is a (compound) `Shape` object: Install the corresponding compound shape.

Add a turtle shape to TurtleScreen’s shapelist. Only thusly registered shapes
can be used by issuing the command `shape(shapename)`.

`turtle.turtles()`

    
Return the list of turtles on the screen.

    
    >>> for turtle in screen.turtles():
    ...     turtle.color("red")
    
`turtle.window_height()`

    
Return the height of the turtle window.

    
    >>> screen.window_height()
    480
    
`turtle.window_width()`

    
Return the width of the turtle window.

    
    >>> screen.window_width()
    640
    
### Methods specific to Screen, not inherited from TurtleScreen

`turtle.bye()`

    
Shut the turtlegraphics window.

`turtle.exitonclick()`

    
Bind `bye()` method to mouse clicks on the Screen.

If the value “using_IDLE” in the configuration dictionary is `False` (default
value), also enter mainloop. Remark: If IDLE with the `-n` switch (no
subprocess) is used, this value should be set to `True` in `turtle.cfg`. In
this case IDLE’s own mainloop is active also for the client script.

`turtle.setup(width=_CFG["width"], height=_CFG["height"],
startx=_CFG["leftright"], starty=_CFG["topbottom"])`

    
Set the size and position of the main window. Default values of arguments are
stored in the configuration dictionary and can be changed via a `turtle.cfg`
file.

Parameters

    
  * width – if an integer, a size in pixels, if a float, a fraction of the screen; default is 50% of screen
  * height – if an integer, the height in pixels, if a float, a fraction of the screen; default is 75% of screen
  * startx – if positive, starting position in pixels from the left edge of the screen, if negative from the right edge, if `None`, center window horizontally
  * starty – if positive, starting position in pixels from the top edge of the screen, if negative from the bottom edge, if `None`, center window vertically

    
    >>> screen.setup (width=200, height=200, startx=0, starty=0)
    >>>              # sets window to 200x200 pixels, in upper left of screen
    >>> screen.setup(width=.75, height=0.5, startx=None, starty=None)
    >>>              # sets window to 75% of screen by 50% of screen and centers
    
`turtle.title(titlestring)`

    
Parameters

    
titlestring – a string that is shown in the titlebar of the turtle graphics
window

Set title of turtle window to titlestring.

    
    >>> screen.title("Welcome to the turtle zoo!")
    
## Public classes

`class turtle.RawTurtle(canvas)`

`class turtle.RawPen(canvas)`

    
Parameters

    
canvas – a `tkinter.Canvas`, a `ScrolledCanvas` or a `TurtleScreen`

Create a turtle. The turtle has all methods described above as “methods of
Turtle/RawTurtle”.

`class turtle.Turtle`

    
Subclass of RawTurtle, has the same interface but draws on a default `Screen`
object created automatically when needed for the first time.

`class turtle.TurtleScreen(cv)`

    
Parameters

    
cv – a `tkinter.Canvas`

Provides screen oriented methods like `setbg()` etc. that are described above.

`class turtle.Screen`

    
Subclass of TurtleScreen, with four methods added.

`class turtle.ScrolledCanvas(master)`

    
Parameters

    
master – some Tkinter widget to contain the ScrolledCanvas, i.e. a Tkinter-
canvas with scrollbars added

Used by class Screen, which thus automatically provides a ScrolledCanvas as
playground for the turtles.

`class turtle.Shape(type_, data)`

    
Parameters

    
type_ – one of the strings “polygon”, “image”, “compound”

Data structure modeling shapes. The pair `(type_, data)` must follow this
specification:

type_ | data  
---|---  
“polygon” | a polygon-tuple, i.e. a tuple of pairs of coordinates  
“image” | an image (in this form only used internally!)  
“compound” | `None` (a compound shape has to be constructed using the `addcomponent()` method)  
`addcomponent(poly, fill, outline=None)`

    
Parameters

    
  * poly – a polygon, i.e. a tuple of pairs of numbers
  * fill – a color the poly will be filled with
  * outline – a color for the poly’s outline (if given)

Example:

    
    >>> poly = ((0,0),(10,-5),(0,10),(-10,-5))
    >>> s = Shape("compound")
    >>> s.addcomponent(poly, "red", "blue")
    >>> # ... add more components and then use register_shape()
    
See Compound shapes.

`class turtle.Vec2D(x, y)`

    
A two-dimensional vector class, used as a helper class for implementing turtle
graphics. May be useful for turtle graphics programs too. Derived from tuple,
so a vector is a tuple!

Provides (for a, b vectors, k number):

  * `a + b` vector addition
  * `a - b` vector subtraction
  * `a * b` inner product
  * `k * a` and `a * k` multiplication with scalar
  * `abs(a)` absolute value of a
  * `a.rotate(angle)` rotation

## Help and configuration

### How to use help

The public methods of the Screen and Turtle classes are documented extensively
via docstrings. So these can be used as online-help via the Python help
facilities:

  * When using IDLE, tooltips show the signatures and first lines of the docstrings of typed in function-/method calls.
  * Calling `help()` on methods or functions displays the docstrings:
        >>> help(Screen.bgcolor)
    Help on method bgcolor in module turtle:
    
    bgcolor(self, *args) unbound turtle.Screen method
        Set or return backgroundcolor of the TurtleScreen.
    
        Arguments (if given): a color string or three numbers
        in the range 0..colormode or a 3-tuple of such numbers.
    
    
          >>> screen.bgcolor("orange")
          >>> screen.bgcolor()
          "orange"
          >>> screen.bgcolor(0.5,0,0.5)
          >>> screen.bgcolor()
          "#800080"
    
    >>> help(Turtle.penup)
    Help on method penup in module turtle:
    
    penup(self) unbound turtle.Turtle method
        Pull the pen up -- no drawing when moving.
    
        Aliases: penup | pu | up
    
        No argument
    
        >>> turtle.penup()
    
  * The docstrings of the functions which are derived from methods have a modified form:
        >>> help(bgcolor)
    Help on function bgcolor in module turtle:
    
    bgcolor(*args)
        Set or return backgroundcolor of the TurtleScreen.
    
        Arguments (if given): a color string or three numbers
        in the range 0..colormode or a 3-tuple of such numbers.
    
        Example::
    
          >>> bgcolor("orange")
          >>> bgcolor()
          "orange"
          >>> bgcolor(0.5,0,0.5)
          >>> bgcolor()
          "#800080"
    
    >>> help(penup)
    Help on function penup in module turtle:
    
    penup()
        Pull the pen up -- no drawing when moving.
    
        Aliases: penup | pu | up
    
        No argument
    
        Example:
        >>> penup()
    

These modified docstrings are created automatically together with the function
definitions that are derived from the methods at import time.

### Translation of docstrings into different languages

There is a utility to create a dictionary the keys of which are the method
names and the values of which are the docstrings of the public methods of the
classes Screen and Turtle.

`turtle.write_docstringdict(filename="turtle_docstringdict")`

    
Parameters

    
filename – a string, used as filename

Create and write docstring-dictionary to a Python script with the given
filename. This function has to be called explicitly (it is not used by the
turtle graphics classes). The docstring dictionary will be written to the
Python script `filename.py`. It is intended to serve as a template for
translation of the docstrings into different languages.

If you (or your students) want to use `turtle` with online help in your native
language, you have to translate the docstrings and save the resulting file as
e.g. `turtle_docstringdict_german.py`.

If you have an appropriate entry in your `turtle.cfg` file this dictionary
will be read in at import time and will replace the original English
docstrings.

At the time of this writing there are docstring dictionaries in German and in
Italian. (Requests please to glingl@aon.at.)

### How to configure Screen and Turtles

The built-in default configuration mimics the appearance and behaviour of the
old turtle module in order to retain best possible compatibility with it.

If you want to use a different configuration which better reflects the
features of this module or which better fits to your needs, e.g. for use in a
classroom, you can prepare a configuration file `turtle.cfg` which will be
read at import time and modify the configuration according to its settings.

The built in configuration would correspond to the following turtle.cfg:

    
    width = 0.5
    height = 0.75
    leftright = None
    topbottom = None
    canvwidth = 400
    canvheight = 300
    mode = standard
    colormode = 1.0
    delay = 10
    undobuffersize = 1000
    shape = classic
    pencolor = black
    fillcolor = black
    resizemode = noresize
    visible = True
    language = english
    exampleturtle = turtle
    examplescreen = screen
    title = Python Turtle Graphics
    using_IDLE = False
    
Short explanation of selected entries:

  * The first four lines correspond to the arguments of the `Screen.setup()` method.
  * Line 5 and 6 correspond to the arguments of the method `Screen.screensize()`.
  * shape can be any of the built-in shapes, e.g: arrow, turtle, etc. For more info try `help(shape)`.
  * If you want to use no fillcolor (i.e. make the turtle transparent), you have to write `fillcolor = ""` (but all nonempty strings must not have quotes in the cfg-file).
  * If you want to reflect the turtle its state, you have to use `resizemode = auto`.
  * If you set e.g. `language = italian` the docstringdict `turtle_docstringdict_italian.py` will be loaded at import time (if present on the import path, e.g. in the same directory as `turtle`.
  * The entries exampleturtle and examplescreen define the names of these objects as they occur in the docstrings. The transformation of method-docstrings to function-docstrings will delete these names from the docstrings.
  * using_IDLE: Set this to `True` if you regularly work with IDLE and its -n switch (“no subprocess”). This will prevent `exitonclick()` to enter the mainloop.

There can be a `turtle.cfg` file in the directory where `turtle` is stored and
an additional one in the current working directory. The latter will override
the settings of the first one.

The `Lib/turtledemo` directory contains a `turtle.cfg` file. You can study it
as an example and see its effects when running the demos (preferably not from
within the demo-viewer).

## turtledemo — Demo scripts

The `turtledemo` package includes a set of demo scripts. These scripts can be
run and viewed using the supplied demo viewer as follows:

    
    python -m turtledemo
    
Alternatively, you can run the demo scripts individually. For example,

    
    python -m turtledemo.bytedesign
    
The `turtledemo` package directory contains:

  * A demo viewer `__main__.py` which can be used to view the sourcecode of the scripts and run them at the same time.
  * Multiple scripts demonstrating different features of the `turtle` module. Examples can be accessed via the Examples menu. They can also be run standalone.
  * A `turtle.cfg` file which serves as an example of how to write and use such files.

The demo scripts are:

Name | Description | Features  
---|---|---  
bytedesign | complex classical turtle graphics pattern | `tracer()`, delay, `update()`  
chaos | graphs Verhulst dynamics, shows that computer’s computations can generate results sometimes against the common sense expectations | world coordinates  
clock | analog clock showing time of your computer | turtles as clock’s hands, ontimer  
colormixer | experiment with r, g, b | `ondrag()`  
forest | 3 breadth-first trees | randomization  
fractalcurves | Hilbert & Koch curves | recursion  
lindenmayer | ethnomathematics (indian kolams) | L-System  
minimal_hanoi | Towers of Hanoi | Rectangular Turtles as Hanoi discs (shape, shapesize)  
nim | play the classical nim game with three heaps of sticks against the computer. | turtles as nimsticks, event driven (mouse, keyboard)  
paint | super minimalistic drawing program | `onclick()`  
peace | elementary | turtle: appearance and animation  
penrose | aperiodic tiling with kites and darts | `stamp()`  
planet_and_moon | simulation of gravitational system | compound shapes, `Vec2D`  
round_dance | dancing turtles rotating pairwise in opposite direction | compound shapes, clone shapesize, tilt, get_shapepoly, update  
sorting_animate | visual demonstration of different sorting methods | simple alignment, randomization  
tree | a (graphical) breadth first tree (using generators) | `clone()`  
two_canvases | simple design | turtles on two canvases  
wikipedia | a pattern from the wikipedia article on turtle graphics | `clone()`, `undo()`  
yinyang | another elementary example | `circle()`  
Have fun!

## Changes since Python 2.6

  * The methods `Turtle.tracer()`, `Turtle.window_width()` and `Turtle.window_height()` have been eliminated. Methods with these names and functionality are now available only as methods of `Screen`. The functions derived from these remain available. (In fact already in Python 2.6 these methods were merely duplications of the corresponding `TurtleScreen`/`Screen`-methods.)
  * The method `Turtle.fill()` has been eliminated. The behaviour of `begin_fill()` and `end_fill()` have changed slightly: now every filling-process must be completed with an `end_fill()` call.
  * A method `Turtle.filling()` has been added. It returns a boolean value: `True` if a filling process is under way, `False` otherwise. This behaviour corresponds to a `fill()` call without arguments in Python 2.6.

## Changes since Python 3.0

  * The methods `Turtle.shearfactor()`, `Turtle.shapetransform()` and `Turtle.get_shapepoly()` have been added. Thus the full range of regular linear transforms is now available for transforming turtle shapes. `Turtle.tiltangle()` has been enhanced in functionality: it now can be used to get or set the tiltangle. `Turtle.settiltangle()` has been deprecated.
  * The method `Screen.onkeypress()` has been added as a complement to `Screen.onkey()` which in fact binds actions to the keyrelease event. Accordingly the latter has got an alias: `Screen.onkeyrelease()`.
  * The method `Screen.mainloop()` has been added. So when working only with Screen and Turtle objects one must not additionally import `mainloop()` anymore.
  * Two input methods has been added `Screen.textinput()` and `Screen.numinput()`. These popup input dialogs and return strings and numbers respectively.
  * Two example scripts `tdemo_nim.py` and `tdemo_round_dance.py` have been added to the `Lib/turtledemo` directory.

© 2001–2021 Python Software Foundation  
Licensed under the PSF License.  
https://docs.python.org/3.9/library/turtle.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

