# Module: tf.keras.losses

Built-in loss functions.

#### View aliases

Main aliases

`tf.losses`

## Classes

`class BinaryCrossentropy`: Computes the cross-entropy loss between true
labels and predicted labels.

`class CategoricalCrossentropy`: Computes the crossentropy loss between the
labels and predictions.

`class CategoricalHinge`: Computes the categorical hinge loss between `y_true`
and `y_pred`.

`class CosineSimilarity`: Computes the cosine similarity between labels and
predictions.

`class Hinge`: Computes the hinge loss between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`class Huber`: Computes the Huber loss between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`class KLDivergence`: Computes Kullback-Leibler divergence loss between
`y_true` and `y_pred`.

`class LogCosh`: Computes the logarithm of the hyperbolic cosine of the
prediction error.

`class Loss`: Loss base class.

`class MeanAbsoluteError`: Computes the mean of absolute difference between
labels and predictions.

`class MeanAbsolutePercentageError`: Computes the mean absolute percentage
error between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`class MeanSquaredError`: Computes the mean of squares of errors between
labels and predictions.

`class MeanSquaredLogarithmicError`: Computes the mean squared logarithmic
error between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`class Poisson`: Computes the Poisson loss between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`class Reduction`: Types of loss reduction.

`class SparseCategoricalCrossentropy`: Computes the crossentropy loss between
the labels and predictions.

`class SquaredHinge`: Computes the squared hinge loss between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

## Functions

`KLD(...)`: Computes Kullback-Leibler divergence loss between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

`MAE(...)`: Computes the mean absolute error between labels and predictions.

`MAPE(...)`: Computes the mean absolute percentage error between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

`MSE(...)`: Computes the mean squared error between labels and predictions.

`MSLE(...)`: Computes the mean squared logarithmic error between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

`binary_crossentropy(...)`: Computes the binary crossentropy loss.

`categorical_crossentropy(...)`: Computes the categorical crossentropy loss.

`categorical_hinge(...)`: Computes the categorical hinge loss between `y_true`
and `y_pred`.

`cosine_similarity(...)`: Computes the cosine similarity between labels and
predictions.

`deserialize(...)`: Deserializes a serialized loss class/function instance.

`get(...)`: Retrieves a Keras loss as a `function`/`Loss` class instance.

`hinge(...)`: Computes the hinge loss between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`huber(...)`: Computes Huber loss value.

`kl_divergence(...)`: Computes Kullback-Leibler divergence loss between
`y_true` and `y_pred`.

`kld(...)`: Computes Kullback-Leibler divergence loss between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

`kullback_leibler_divergence(...)`: Computes Kullback-Leibler divergence loss
between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`log_cosh(...)`: Logarithm of the hyperbolic cosine of the prediction error.

`logcosh(...)`: Logarithm of the hyperbolic cosine of the prediction error.

`mae(...)`: Computes the mean absolute error between labels and predictions.

`mape(...)`: Computes the mean absolute percentage error between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

`mean_absolute_error(...)`: Computes the mean absolute error between labels
and predictions.

`mean_absolute_percentage_error(...)`: Computes the mean absolute percentage
error between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`mean_squared_error(...)`: Computes the mean squared error between labels and
predictions.

`mean_squared_logarithmic_error(...)`: Computes the mean squared logarithmic
error between `y_true` and `y_pred`.

`mse(...)`: Computes the mean squared error between labels and predictions.

`msle(...)`: Computes the mean squared logarithmic error between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

`poisson(...)`: Computes the Poisson loss between y_true and y_pred.

`serialize(...)`: Serializes loss function or `Loss` instance.

`sparse_categorical_crossentropy(...)`: Computes the sparse categorical
crossentropy loss.

`squared_hinge(...)`: Computes the squared hinge loss between `y_true` and
`y_pred`.

Â© 2020 The TensorFlow Authors. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  
Code samples licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r2.4/api_docs/python/tf/keras/losses

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

