# numpy.exp

numpy.exp(x, /, out=None, *, where=True, casting='same_kind', order='K',
dtype=None, subok=True[, signature, extobj]) = <ufunc 'exp'>

    
Calculate the exponential of all elements in the input array.

Parameters

    
xarray_like

    
Input values.

outndarray, None, or tuple of ndarray and None, optional

    
A location into which the result is stored. If provided, it must have a shape
that the inputs broadcast to. If not provided or None, a freshly-allocated
array is returned. A tuple (possible only as a keyword argument) must have
length equal to the number of outputs.

wherearray_like, optional

    
This condition is broadcast over the input. At locations where the condition
is True, the `out` array will be set to the ufunc result. Elsewhere, the `out`
array will retain its original value. Note that if an uninitialized `out`
array is created via the default `out=None`, locations within it where the
condition is False will remain uninitialized.

**kwargs

    
For other keyword-only arguments, see the ufunc docs.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Output array, element-wise exponential of `x`. This is a scalar if `x` is a
scalar.

See also

`expm1`

    
Calculate `exp(x) - 1` for all elements in the array.

`exp2`

    
Calculate `2**x` for all elements in the array.

#### Notes

The irrational number `e` is also known as Euler’s number. It is approximately
2.718281, and is the base of the natural logarithm, `ln` (this means that, if
\\(x = \ln y = \log_e y\\), then \\(e^x = y\\). For real input, `exp(x)` is
always positive.

For complex arguments, `x = a + ib`, we can write \\(e^x = e^a e^{ib}\\). The
first term, \\(e^a\\), is already known (it is the real argument, described
above). The second term, \\(e^{ib}\\), is \\(\cos b + i \sin b\\), a function
with magnitude 1 and a periodic phase.

#### References

1

    
Wikipedia, “Exponential function”,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_function

2

    
M. Abramovitz and I. A. Stegun, “Handbook of Mathematical Functions with
Formulas, Graphs, and Mathematical Tables,” Dover, 1964, p. 69,
https://personal.math.ubc.ca/~cbm/aands/page_69.htm

#### Examples

Plot the magnitude and phase of `exp(x)` in the complex plane:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    
    >>> x = np.linspace(-2*np.pi, 2*np.pi, 100)
    >>> xx = x + 1j * x[:, np.newaxis] # a + ib over complex plane
    >>> out = np.exp(xx)
    
    
    >>> plt.subplot(121)
    >>> plt.imshow(np.abs(out),
    ...            extent=[-2*np.pi, 2*np.pi, -2*np.pi, 2*np.pi], cmap='gray')
    >>> plt.title('Magnitude of exp(x)')
    
    
    >>> plt.subplot(122)
    >>> plt.imshow(np.angle(out),
    ...            extent=[-2*np.pi, 2*np.pi, -2*np.pi, 2*np.pi], cmap='hsv')
    >>> plt.title('Phase (angle) of exp(x)')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../_images/numpy-
exp-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.exp.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

