# numpy.polynomial.legendre.legfit

polynomial.legendre.legfit(x, y, deg, rcond=None, full=False, w=None)[source]

    
Least squares fit of Legendre series to data.

Return the coefficients of a Legendre series of degree `deg` that is the least
squares fit to the data values `y` given at points `x`. If `y` is 1-D the
returned coefficients will also be 1-D. If `y` is 2-D multiple fits are done,
one for each column of `y`, and the resulting coefficients are stored in the
corresponding columns of a 2-D return. The fitted polynomial(s) are in the
form

\\[p(x) = c_0 + c_1 * L_1(x) + ... + c_n * L_n(x),\\]

where `n` is `deg`.

Parameters

    
xarray_like, shape (M,)

    
x-coordinates of the M sample points `(x[i], y[i])`.

yarray_like, shape (M,) or (M, K)

    
y-coordinates of the sample points. Several data sets of sample points sharing
the same x-coordinates can be fitted at once by passing in a 2D-array that
contains one dataset per column.

degint or 1-D array_like

    
Degree(s) of the fitting polynomials. If `deg` is a single integer all terms
up to and including the `deg`’th term are included in the fit. For NumPy
versions >= 1.11.0 a list of integers specifying the degrees of the terms to
include may be used instead.

rcondfloat, optional

    
Relative condition number of the fit. Singular values smaller than this
relative to the largest singular value will be ignored. The default value is
len(x)*eps, where eps is the relative precision of the float type, about 2e-16
in most cases.

fullbool, optional

    
Switch determining nature of return value. When it is False (the default) just
the coefficients are returned, when True diagnostic information from the
singular value decomposition is also returned.

warray_like, shape (`M`,), optional

    
Weights. If not None, the weight `w[i]` applies to the unsquared residual
`y[i] - y_hat[i]` at `x[i]`. Ideally the weights are chosen so that the errors
of the products `w[i]*y[i]` all have the same variance. When using inverse-
variance weighting, use `w[i] = 1/sigma(y[i])`. The default value is None.

New in version 1.5.0.

Returns

    
coefndarray, shape (M,) or (M, K)

    
Legendre coefficients ordered from low to high. If `y` was 2-D, the
coefficients for the data in column k of `y` are in column `k`. If `deg` is
specified as a list, coefficients for terms not included in the fit are set
equal to zero in the returned `coef`.

[residuals, rank, singular_values, rcond]list

    
These values are only returned if `full == True`

  * residuals – sum of squared residuals of the least squares fit
  * rank – the numerical rank of the scaled Vandermonde matrix
  * singular_values – singular values of the scaled Vandermonde matrix
  * rcond – value of `rcond`.

For more details, see `numpy.linalg.lstsq`.

Warns

    
RankWarning

    
The rank of the coefficient matrix in the least-squares fit is deficient. The
warning is only raised if `full == False`. The warnings can be turned off by

    
    >>> import warnings
    >>> warnings.simplefilter('ignore', np.RankWarning)
    
See also

`numpy.polynomial.polynomial.polyfit`

`numpy.polynomial.chebyshev.chebfit`

`numpy.polynomial.laguerre.lagfit`

`numpy.polynomial.hermite.hermfit`

`numpy.polynomial.hermite_e.hermefit`

`legval`

    
Evaluates a Legendre series.

`legvander`

    
Vandermonde matrix of Legendre series.

`legweight`

    
Legendre weight function (= 1).

`numpy.linalg.lstsq`

    
Computes a least-squares fit from the matrix.

`scipy.interpolate.UnivariateSpline`

    
Computes spline fits.

#### Notes

The solution is the coefficients of the Legendre series `p` that minimizes the
sum of the weighted squared errors

\\[E = \sum_j w_j^2 * |y_j - p(x_j)|^2,\\]

where \\(w_j\\) are the weights. This problem is solved by setting up as the
(typically) overdetermined matrix equation

\\[V(x) * c = w * y,\\]

where `V` is the weighted pseudo Vandermonde matrix of `x`, `c` are the
coefficients to be solved for, `w` are the weights, and `y` are the observed
values. This equation is then solved using the singular value decomposition of
`V`.

If some of the singular values of `V` are so small that they are neglected,
then a `RankWarning` will be issued. This means that the coefficient values
may be poorly determined. Using a lower order fit will usually get rid of the
warning. The `rcond` parameter can also be set to a value smaller than its
default, but the resulting fit may be spurious and have large contributions
from roundoff error.

Fits using Legendre series are usually better conditioned than fits using
power series, but much can depend on the distribution of the sample points and
the smoothness of the data. If the quality of the fit is inadequate splines
may be a good alternative.

#### References

1

    
Wikipedia, “Curve fitting”, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curve_fitting

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.polynomial.legendre.legfit.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

