# numpy.meshgrid

numpy.meshgrid(*xi, copy=True, sparse=False, indexing='xy')[source]

    
Return coordinate matrices from coordinate vectors.

Make N-D coordinate arrays for vectorized evaluations of N-D scalar/vector
fields over N-D grids, given one-dimensional coordinate arrays x1, x2,…, xn.

Changed in version 1.9: 1-D and 0-D cases are allowed.

Parameters

    
x1, x2,…, xnarray_like

    
1-D arrays representing the coordinates of a grid.

indexing{‘xy’, ‘ij’}, optional

    
Cartesian (‘xy’, default) or matrix (‘ij’) indexing of output. See Notes for
more details.

New in version 1.7.0.

sparsebool, optional

    
If True the shape of the returned coordinate array for dimension i is reduced
from `(N1, ..., Ni, ... Nn)` to `(1, ..., 1, Ni, 1, ..., 1)`. These sparse
coordinate grids are intended to be use with Broadcasting. When all
coordinates are used in an expression, broadcasting still leads to a fully-
dimensonal result array.

Default is False.

New in version 1.7.0.

copybool, optional

    
If False, a view into the original arrays are returned in order to conserve
memory. Default is True. Please note that `sparse=False, copy=False` will
likely return non-contiguous arrays. Furthermore, more than one element of a
broadcast array may refer to a single memory location. If you need to write to
the arrays, make copies first.

New in version 1.7.0.

Returns

    
X1, X2,…, XNndarray

    
For vectors `x1`, `x2`,…, ‘xn’ with lengths `Ni=len(xi)` , return `(N1, N2,
N3,...Nn)` shaped arrays if indexing=’ij’ or `(N2, N1, N3,...Nn)` shaped
arrays if indexing=’xy’ with the elements of `xi` repeated to fill the matrix
along the first dimension for `x1`, the second for `x2` and so on.

See also

`mgrid`

    
Construct a multi-dimensional “meshgrid” using indexing notation.

`ogrid`

    
Construct an open multi-dimensional “meshgrid” using indexing notation.

#### Notes

This function supports both indexing conventions through the indexing keyword
argument. Giving the string ‘ij’ returns a meshgrid with matrix indexing,
while ‘xy’ returns a meshgrid with Cartesian indexing. In the 2-D case with
inputs of length M and N, the outputs are of shape (N, M) for ‘xy’ indexing
and (M, N) for ‘ij’ indexing. In the 3-D case with inputs of length M, N and
P, outputs are of shape (N, M, P) for ‘xy’ indexing and (M, N, P) for ‘ij’
indexing. The difference is illustrated by the following code snippet:

    
    xv, yv = np.meshgrid(x, y, indexing='ij')
    for i in range(nx):
        for j in range(ny):
            # treat xv[i,j], yv[i,j]
    
    xv, yv = np.meshgrid(x, y, indexing='xy')
    for i in range(nx):
        for j in range(ny):
            # treat xv[j,i], yv[j,i]
    
In the 1-D and 0-D case, the indexing and sparse keywords have no effect.

#### Examples

    
    >>> nx, ny = (3, 2)
    >>> x = np.linspace(0, 1, nx)
    >>> y = np.linspace(0, 1, ny)
    >>> xv, yv = np.meshgrid(x, y)
    >>> xv
    array([[0. , 0.5, 1. ],
           [0. , 0.5, 1. ]])
    >>> yv
    array([[0.,  0.,  0.],
           [1.,  1.,  1.]])
    >>> xv, yv = np.meshgrid(x, y, sparse=True)  # make sparse output arrays
    >>> xv
    array([[0. ,  0.5,  1. ]])
    >>> yv
    array([[0.],
           [1.]])
    
`meshgrid` is very useful to evaluate functions on a grid. If the function
depends on all coordinates, you can use the parameter `sparse=True` to save
memory and computation time.

    
    >>> x = np.linspace(-5, 5, 101)
    >>> y = np.linspace(-5, 5, 101)
    >>> # full coorindate arrays
    >>> xx, yy = np.meshgrid(x, y)
    >>> zz = np.sqrt(xx**2 + yy**2)
    >>> xx.shape, yy.shape, zz.shape
    ((101, 101), (101, 101), (101, 101))
    >>> # sparse coordinate arrays
    >>> xs, ys = np.meshgrid(x, y, sparse=True)
    >>> zs = np.sqrt(xs**2 + ys**2)
    >>> xs.shape, ys.shape, zs.shape
    ((1, 101), (101, 1), (101, 101))
    >>> np.array_equal(zz, zs)
    True
    
    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> h = plt.contourf(x, y, zs)
    >>> plt.axis('scaled')
    >>> plt.colorbar()
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../_images/numpy-
meshgrid-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.meshgrid.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

