# numpy.percentile

numpy.percentile(a, q, axis=None, out=None, overwrite_input=False,
method='linear', keepdims=False, *, interpolation=None)[source]

    
Compute the q-th percentile of the data along the specified axis.

Returns the q-th percentile(s) of the array elements.

Parameters

    
aarray_like

    
Input array or object that can be converted to an array.

qarray_like of float

    
Percentile or sequence of percentiles to compute, which must be between 0 and
100 inclusive.

axis{int, tuple of int, None}, optional

    
Axis or axes along which the percentiles are computed. The default is to
compute the percentile(s) along a flattened version of the array.

Changed in version 1.9.0: A tuple of axes is supported

outndarray, optional

    
Alternative output array in which to place the result. It must have the same
shape and buffer length as the expected output, but the type (of the output)
will be cast if necessary.

overwrite_inputbool, optional

    
If True, then allow the input array `a` to be modified by intermediate
calculations, to save memory. In this case, the contents of the input `a`
after this function completes is undefined.

methodstr, optional

    
This parameter specifies the method to use for estimating the percentile.
There are many different methods, some unique to NumPy. See the notes for
explanation. The options sorted by their R type as summarized in the H&F paper
[1] are:

  1. ‘inverted_cdf’
  2. ‘averaged_inverted_cdf’
  3. ‘closest_observation’
  4. ‘interpolated_inverted_cdf’
  5. ‘hazen’
  6. ‘weibull’
  7. ‘linear’ (default)
  8. ‘median_unbiased’
  9. ‘normal_unbiased’

The first three methods are discontiuous. NumPy further defines the following
discontinuous variations of the default ‘linear’ (7.) option:

  * ‘lower’
  * ‘higher’,
  * ‘midpoint’
  * ‘nearest’

Changed in version 1.22.0: This argument was previously called “interpolation”
and only offered the “linear” default and last four options.

keepdimsbool, optional

    
If this is set to True, the axes which are reduced are left in the result as
dimensions with size one. With this option, the result will broadcast
correctly against the original array `a`.

New in version 1.9.0.

interpolationstr, optional

    
Deprecated name for the method keyword argument.

Deprecated since version 1.22.0.

Returns

    
percentilescalar or ndarray

    
If `q` is a single percentile and `axis=None`, then the result is a scalar. If
multiple percentiles are given, first axis of the result corresponds to the
percentiles. The other axes are the axes that remain after the reduction of
`a`. If the input contains integers or floats smaller than `float64`, the
output data-type is `float64`. Otherwise, the output data-type is the same as
that of the input. If `out` is specified, that array is returned instead.

See also

`mean`

`median`

    
equivalent to `percentile(..., 50)`

`nanpercentile`

`quantile`

    
equivalent to percentile, except q in the range [0, 1].

#### Notes

Given a vector `V` of length `N`, the q-th percentile of `V` is the value
`q/100` of the way from the minimum to the maximum in a sorted copy of `V`.
The values and distances of the two nearest neighbors as well as the `method`
parameter will determine the percentile if the normalized ranking does not
match the location of `q` exactly. This function is the same as the median if
`q=50`, the same as the minimum if `q=0` and the same as the maximum if
`q=100`.

This optional `method` parameter specifies the method to use when the desired
quantile lies between two data points `i < j`. If `g` is the fractional part
of the index surrounded by `i` and alpha and beta are correction constants
modifying i and j.

Below, ‘q’ is the quantile value, ‘n’ is the sample size and alpha and beta
are constants. The following formula gives an interpolation “i + g” of where
the quantile would be in the sorted sample. With ‘i’ being the floor and ‘g’
the fractional part of the result.

\\[i + g = (q - alpha) / ( n - alpha - beta + 1 )\\]

The different methods then work as follows

inverted_cdf:

    
method 1 of H&F [1]. This method gives discontinuous results: * if g > 0 ;
then take j * if g = 0 ; then take i

averaged_inverted_cdf:

    
method 2 of H&F [1]. This method give discontinuous results: * if g > 0 ; then
take j * if g = 0 ; then average between bounds

closest_observation:

    
method 3 of H&F [1]. This method give discontinuous results: * if g > 0 ; then
take j * if g = 0 and index is odd ; then take j * if g = 0 and index is even
; then take i

interpolated_inverted_cdf:

    
method 4 of H&F [1]. This method give continuous results using: * alpha = 0 *
beta = 1

hazen:

    
method 5 of H&F [1]. This method give continuous results using: * alpha = 1/2
* beta = 1/2

weibull:

    
method 6 of H&F [1]. This method give continuous results using: * alpha = 0 *
beta = 0

linear:

    
method 7 of H&F [1]. This method give continuous results using: * alpha = 1 *
beta = 1

median_unbiased:

    
method 8 of H&F [1]. This method is probably the best method if the sample
distribution function is unknown (see reference). This method give continuous
results using: * alpha = 1/3 * beta = 1/3

normal_unbiased:

    
method 9 of H&F [1]. This method is probably the best method if the sample
distribution function is known to be normal. This method give continuous
results using: * alpha = 3/8 * beta = 3/8

lower:

    
NumPy method kept for backwards compatibility. Takes `i` as the interpolation
point.

higher:

    
NumPy method kept for backwards compatibility. Takes `j` as the interpolation
point.

nearest:

    
NumPy method kept for backwards compatibility. Takes `i` or `j`, whichever is
nearest.

midpoint:

    
NumPy method kept for backwards compatibility. Uses `(i + j) / 2`.

#### References

1(1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10)

    
R. J. Hyndman and Y. Fan, “Sample quantiles in statistical packages,” The
American Statistician, 50(4), pp. 361-365, 1996

#### Examples

    
    >>> a = np.array([[10, 7, 4], [3, 2, 1]])
    >>> a
    array([[10,  7,  4],
           [ 3,  2,  1]])
    >>> np.percentile(a, 50)
    3.5
    >>> np.percentile(a, 50, axis=0)
    array([6.5, 4.5, 2.5])
    >>> np.percentile(a, 50, axis=1)
    array([7.,  2.])
    >>> np.percentile(a, 50, axis=1, keepdims=True)
    array([[7.],
           [2.]])
    
    
    >>> m = np.percentile(a, 50, axis=0)
    >>> out = np.zeros_like(m)
    >>> np.percentile(a, 50, axis=0, out=out)
    array([6.5, 4.5, 2.5])
    >>> m
    array([6.5, 4.5, 2.5])
    
    
    >>> b = a.copy()
    >>> np.percentile(b, 50, axis=1, overwrite_input=True)
    array([7.,  2.])
    >>> assert not np.all(a == b)
    
The different methods can be visualized graphically:

    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    a = np.arange(4)
    p = np.linspace(0, 100, 6001)
    ax = plt.gca()
    lines = [
        ('linear', '-', 'C0'),
        ('inverted_cdf', ':', 'C1'),
        # Almost the same as `inverted_cdf`:
        ('averaged_inverted_cdf', '-.', 'C1'),
        ('closest_observation', ':', 'C2'),
        ('interpolated_inverted_cdf', '--', 'C1'),
        ('hazen', '--', 'C3'),
        ('weibull', '-.', 'C4'),
        ('median_unbiased', '--', 'C5'),
        ('normal_unbiased', '-.', 'C6'),
        ]
    for method, style, color in lines:
        ax.plot(
            p, np.percentile(a, p, method=method),
            label=method, linestyle=style, color=color)
    ax.set(
        title='Percentiles for different methods and data: ' + str(a),
        xlabel='Percentile',
        ylabel='Estimated percentile value',
        yticks=a)
    ax.legend()
    plt.show()
    
![../../_images/numpy-
percentile-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.percentile.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

