# numpy.polynomial.hermite_e.hermeint

polynomial.hermite_e.hermeint(c, m=1, k=[], lbnd=0, scl=1, axis=0)[source]

    
Integrate a Hermite_e series.

Returns the Hermite_e series coefficients `c` integrated `m` times from `lbnd`
along `axis`. At each iteration the resulting series is multiplied by `scl`
and an integration constant, `k`, is added. The scaling factor is for use in a
linear change of variable. (“Buyer beware”: note that, depending on what one
is doing, one may want `scl` to be the reciprocal of what one might expect;
for more information, see the Notes section below.) The argument `c` is an
array of coefficients from low to high degree along each axis, e.g., [1,2,3]
represents the series `H_0 + 2*H_1 + 3*H_2` while [[1,2],[1,2]] represents
`1*H_0(x)*H_0(y) + 1*H_1(x)*H_0(y) + 2*H_0(x)*H_1(y) + 2*H_1(x)*H_1(y)` if
axis=0 is `x` and axis=1 is `y`.

Parameters

    
carray_like

    
Array of Hermite_e series coefficients. If c is multidimensional the different
axis correspond to different variables with the degree in each axis given by
the corresponding index.

mint, optional

    
Order of integration, must be positive. (Default: 1)

k{[], list, scalar}, optional

    
Integration constant(s). The value of the first integral at `lbnd` is the
first value in the list, the value of the second integral at `lbnd` is the
second value, etc. If `k == []` (the default), all constants are set to zero.
If `m == 1`, a single scalar can be given instead of a list.

lbndscalar, optional

    
The lower bound of the integral. (Default: 0)

sclscalar, optional

    
Following each integration the result is multiplied by `scl` before the
integration constant is added. (Default: 1)

axisint, optional

    
Axis over which the integral is taken. (Default: 0).

New in version 1.7.0.

Returns

    
Sndarray

    
Hermite_e series coefficients of the integral.

Raises

    
ValueError

    
If `m < 0`, `len(k) > m`, `np.ndim(lbnd) != 0`, or `np.ndim(scl) != 0`.

See also

`hermeder`

#### Notes

Note that the result of each integration is multiplied by `scl`. Why is this
important to note? Say one is making a linear change of variable \\(u = ax +
b\\) in an integral relative to `x`. Then \\(dx = du/a\\), so one will need to
set `scl` equal to \\(1/a\\) \- perhaps not what one would have first thought.

Also note that, in general, the result of integrating a C-series needs to be
“reprojected” onto the C-series basis set. Thus, typically, the result of this
function is “unintuitive,” albeit correct; see Examples section below.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from numpy.polynomial.hermite_e import hermeint
    >>> hermeint([1, 2, 3]) # integrate once, value 0 at 0.
    array([1., 1., 1., 1.])
    >>> hermeint([1, 2, 3], m=2) # integrate twice, value & deriv 0 at 0
    array([-0.25      ,  1.        ,  0.5       ,  0.33333333,  0.25      ]) # may vary
    >>> hermeint([1, 2, 3], k=1) # integrate once, value 1 at 0.
    array([2., 1., 1., 1.])
    >>> hermeint([1, 2, 3], lbnd=-1) # integrate once, value 0 at -1
    array([-1.,  1.,  1.,  1.])
    >>> hermeint([1, 2, 3], m=2, k=[1, 2], lbnd=-1)
    array([ 1.83333333,  0.        ,  0.5       ,  0.33333333,  0.25      ]) # may vary
    
© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.polynomial.hermite_e.hermeint.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

