# numpy.histogram

numpy.histogram(a, bins=10, range=None, normed=None, weights=None,
density=None)[source]

    
Compute the histogram of a dataset.

Parameters

    
aarray_like

    
Input data. The histogram is computed over the flattened array.

binsint or sequence of scalars or str, optional

    
If `bins` is an int, it defines the number of equal-width bins in the given
range (10, by default). If `bins` is a sequence, it defines a monotonically
increasing array of bin edges, including the rightmost edge, allowing for non-
uniform bin widths.

New in version 1.11.0.

If `bins` is a string, it defines the method used to calculate the optimal bin
width, as defined by `histogram_bin_edges`.

range(float, float), optional

    
The lower and upper range of the bins. If not provided, range is simply
`(a.min(), a.max())`. Values outside the range are ignored. The first element
of the range must be less than or equal to the second. `range` affects the
automatic bin computation as well. While bin width is computed to be optimal
based on the actual data within `range`, the bin count will fill the entire
range including portions containing no data.

normedbool, optional

    
Deprecated since version 1.6.0.

This is equivalent to the `density` argument, but produces incorrect results
for unequal bin widths. It should not be used.

Changed in version 1.15.0: DeprecationWarnings are actually emitted.

weightsarray_like, optional

    
An array of weights, of the same shape as `a`. Each value in `a` only
contributes its associated weight towards the bin count (instead of 1). If
`density` is True, the weights are normalized, so that the integral of the
density over the range remains 1.

densitybool, optional

    
If `False`, the result will contain the number of samples in each bin. If
`True`, the result is the value of the probability density function at the
bin, normalized such that the integral over the range is 1. Note that the sum
of the histogram values will not be equal to 1 unless bins of unity width are
chosen; it is not a probability mass function.

Overrides the `normed` keyword if given.

Returns

    
histarray

    
The values of the histogram. See `density` and `weights` for a description of
the possible semantics.

bin_edgesarray of dtype float

    
Return the bin edges `(length(hist)+1)`.

See also

`histogramdd`, `bincount`, `searchsorted`, `digitize`, `histogram_bin_edges`

#### Notes

All but the last (righthand-most) bin is half-open. In other words, if `bins`
is:

    
    [1, 2, 3, 4]
    
then the first bin is `[1, 2)` (including 1, but excluding 2) and the second
`[2, 3)`. The last bin, however, is `[3, 4]`, which includes 4.

#### Examples

    
    >>> np.histogram([1, 2, 1], bins=[0, 1, 2, 3])
    (array([0, 2, 1]), array([0, 1, 2, 3]))
    >>> np.histogram(np.arange(4), bins=np.arange(5), density=True)
    (array([0.25, 0.25, 0.25, 0.25]), array([0, 1, 2, 3, 4]))
    >>> np.histogram([[1, 2, 1], [1, 0, 1]], bins=[0,1,2,3])
    (array([1, 4, 1]), array([0, 1, 2, 3]))
    
    
    >>> a = np.arange(5)
    >>> hist, bin_edges = np.histogram(a, density=True)
    >>> hist
    array([0.5, 0. , 0.5, 0. , 0. , 0.5, 0. , 0.5, 0. , 0.5])
    >>> hist.sum()
    2.4999999999999996
    >>> np.sum(hist * np.diff(bin_edges))
    1.0
    
New in version 1.11.0.

Automated Bin Selection Methods example, using 2 peak random data with 2000
points:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> rng = np.random.RandomState(10)  # deterministic random data
    >>> a = np.hstack((rng.normal(size=1000),
    ...                rng.normal(loc=5, scale=2, size=1000)))
    >>> _ = plt.hist(a, bins='auto')  # arguments are passed to np.histogram
    >>> plt.title("Histogram with 'auto' bins")
    Text(0.5, 1.0, "Histogram with 'auto' bins")
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../_images/numpy-
histogram-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.histogram.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

