# numpy.nanmedian

numpy.nanmedian(a, axis=None, out=None, overwrite_input=False, keepdims=<no
value>)[source]

    
Compute the median along the specified axis, while ignoring NaNs.

Returns the median of the array elements.

New in version 1.9.0.

Parameters

    
aarray_like

    
Input array or object that can be converted to an array.

axis{int, sequence of int, None}, optional

    
Axis or axes along which the medians are computed. The default is to compute
the median along a flattened version of the array. A sequence of axes is
supported since version 1.9.0.

outndarray, optional

    
Alternative output array in which to place the result. It must have the same
shape and buffer length as the expected output, but the type (of the output)
will be cast if necessary.

overwrite_inputbool, optional

    
If True, then allow use of memory of input array `a` for calculations. The
input array will be modified by the call to `median`. This will save memory
when you do not need to preserve the contents of the input array. Treat the
input as undefined, but it will probably be fully or partially sorted. Default
is False. If `overwrite_input` is `True` and `a` is not already an `ndarray`,
an error will be raised.

keepdimsbool, optional

    
If this is set to True, the axes which are reduced are left in the result as
dimensions with size one. With this option, the result will broadcast
correctly against the original `a`.

If this is anything but the default value it will be passed through (in the
special case of an empty array) to the `mean` function of the underlying
array. If the array is a sub-class and `mean` does not have the kwarg
`keepdims` this will raise a RuntimeError.

Returns

    
medianndarray

    
A new array holding the result. If the input contains integers or floats
smaller than `float64`, then the output data-type is `np.float64`. Otherwise,
the data-type of the output is the same as that of the input. If `out` is
specified, that array is returned instead.

See also

`mean`, `median`, `percentile`

#### Notes

Given a vector `V` of length `N`, the median of `V` is the middle value of a
sorted copy of `V`, `V_sorted` \- i.e., `V_sorted[(N-1)/2]`, when `N` is odd
and the average of the two middle values of `V_sorted` when `N` is even.

#### Examples

    
    >>> a = np.array([[10.0, 7, 4], [3, 2, 1]])
    >>> a[0, 1] = np.nan
    >>> a
    array([[10., nan,  4.],
           [ 3.,  2.,  1.]])
    >>> np.median(a)
    nan
    >>> np.nanmedian(a)
    3.0
    >>> np.nanmedian(a, axis=0)
    array([6.5, 2. , 2.5])
    >>> np.median(a, axis=1)
    array([nan,  2.])
    >>> b = a.copy()
    >>> np.nanmedian(b, axis=1, overwrite_input=True)
    array([7.,  2.])
    >>> assert not np.all(a==b)
    >>> b = a.copy()
    >>> np.nanmedian(b, axis=None, overwrite_input=True)
    3.0
    >>> assert not np.all(a==b)
    
© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.nanmedian.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

