# numpy.polynomial.polynomial.Polynomial.fit

method

classmethod polynomial.polynomial.Polynomial.fit(x, y, deg, domain=None,
rcond=None, full=False, w=None, window=None)[source]

    
Least squares fit to data.

Return a series instance that is the least squares fit to the data `y` sampled
at `x`. The domain of the returned instance can be specified and this will
often result in a superior fit with less chance of ill conditioning.

Parameters

    
xarray_like, shape (M,)

    
x-coordinates of the M sample points `(x[i], y[i])`.

yarray_like, shape (M,)

    
y-coordinates of the M sample points `(x[i], y[i])`.

degint or 1-D array_like

    
Degree(s) of the fitting polynomials. If `deg` is a single integer all terms
up to and including the `deg`’th term are included in the fit. For NumPy
versions >= 1.11.0 a list of integers specifying the degrees of the terms to
include may be used instead.

domain{None, [beg, end], []}, optional

    
Domain to use for the returned series. If `None`, then a minimal domain that
covers the points `x` is chosen. If `[]` the class domain is used. The default
value was the class domain in NumPy 1.4 and `None` in later versions. The `[]`
option was added in numpy 1.5.0.

rcondfloat, optional

    
Relative condition number of the fit. Singular values smaller than this
relative to the largest singular value will be ignored. The default value is
len(x)*eps, where eps is the relative precision of the float type, about 2e-16
in most cases.

fullbool, optional

    
Switch determining nature of return value. When it is False (the default) just
the coefficients are returned, when True diagnostic information from the
singular value decomposition is also returned.

warray_like, shape (M,), optional

    
Weights. If not None, the weight `w[i]` applies to the unsquared residual
`y[i] - y_hat[i]` at `x[i]`. Ideally the weights are chosen so that the errors
of the products `w[i]*y[i]` all have the same variance. When using inverse-
variance weighting, use `w[i] = 1/sigma(y[i])`. The default value is None.

New in version 1.5.0.

window{[beg, end]}, optional

    
Window to use for the returned series. The default value is the default class
domain

New in version 1.6.0.

Returns

    
new_seriesseries

    
A series that represents the least squares fit to the data and has the domain
and window specified in the call. If the coefficients for the unscaled and
unshifted basis polynomials are of interest, do `new_series.convert().coef`.

[resid, rank, sv, rcond]list

    
These values are only returned if `full == True`

  * resid – sum of squared residuals of the least squares fit
  * rank – the numerical rank of the scaled Vandermonde matrix
  * sv – singular values of the scaled Vandermonde matrix
  * rcond – value of `rcond`.

For more details, see `linalg.lstsq`.

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.polynomial.polynomial.Polynomial.fit.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

