# numpy.linalg.lstsq

linalg.lstsq(a, b, rcond='warn')[source]

    
Return the least-squares solution to a linear matrix equation.

Computes the vector `x` that approximately solves the equation `a @ x = b`.
The equation may be under-, well-, or over-determined (i.e., the number of
linearly independent rows of `a` can be less than, equal to, or greater than
its number of linearly independent columns). If `a` is square and of full
rank, then `x` (but for round-off error) is the “exact” solution of the
equation. Else, `x` minimizes the Euclidean 2-norm \\(||b - ax||\\). If there
are multiple minimizing solutions, the one with the smallest 2-norm
\\(||x||\\) is returned.

Parameters

    
a(M, N) array_like

    
“Coefficient” matrix.

b{(M,), (M, K)} array_like

    
Ordinate or “dependent variable” values. If `b` is two-dimensional, the least-
squares solution is calculated for each of the `K` columns of `b`.

rcondfloat, optional

    
Cut-off ratio for small singular values of `a`. For the purposes of rank
determination, singular values are treated as zero if they are smaller than
`rcond` times the largest singular value of `a`.

Changed in version 1.14.0: If not set, a FutureWarning is given. The previous
default of `-1` will use the machine precision as `rcond` parameter, the new
default will use the machine precision times `max(M, N)`. To silence the
warning and use the new default, use `rcond=None`, to keep using the old
behavior, use `rcond=-1`.

Returns

    
x{(N,), (N, K)} ndarray

    
Least-squares solution. If `b` is two-dimensional, the solutions are in the
`K` columns of `x`.

residuals{(1,), (K,), (0,)} ndarray

    
Sums of squared residuals: Squared Euclidean 2-norm for each column in `b - a
@ x`. If the rank of `a` is < N or M <= N, this is an empty array. If `b` is
1-dimensional, this is a (1,) shape array. Otherwise the shape is (K,).

rankint

    
Rank of matrix `a`.

s(min(M, N),) ndarray

    
Singular values of `a`.

Raises

    
LinAlgError

    
If computation does not converge.

See also

`scipy.linalg.lstsq`

    
Similar function in SciPy.

#### Notes

If `b` is a matrix, then all array results are returned as matrices.

#### Examples

Fit a line, `y = mx + c`, through some noisy data-points:

    
    >>> x = np.array([0, 1, 2, 3])
    >>> y = np.array([-1, 0.2, 0.9, 2.1])
    
By examining the coefficients, we see that the line should have a gradient of
roughly 1 and cut the y-axis at, more or less, -1.

We can rewrite the line equation as `y = Ap`, where `A = [[x 1]]` and `p =
[[m], [c]]`. Now use `lstsq` to solve for `p`:

    
    >>> A = np.vstack([x, np.ones(len(x))]).T
    >>> A
    array([[ 0.,  1.],
           [ 1.,  1.],
           [ 2.,  1.],
           [ 3.,  1.]])
    
    
    >>> m, c = np.linalg.lstsq(A, y, rcond=None)[0]
    >>> m, c
    (1.0 -0.95) # may vary
    
Plot the data along with the fitted line:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> _ = plt.plot(x, y, 'o', label='Original data', markersize=10)
    >>> _ = plt.plot(x, m*x + c, 'r', label='Fitted line')
    >>> _ = plt.legend()
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../_images/numpy-linalg-
lstsq-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.linalg.lstsq.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

