# numpy.arctan

numpy.arctan(x, /, out=None, *, where=True, casting='same_kind', order='K',
dtype=None, subok=True[, signature, extobj]) = <ufunc 'arctan'>

    
Trigonometric inverse tangent, element-wise.

The inverse of tan, so that if `y = tan(x)` then `x = arctan(y)`.

Parameters

    
xarray_like

outndarray, None, or tuple of ndarray and None, optional

    
A location into which the result is stored. If provided, it must have a shape
that the inputs broadcast to. If not provided or None, a freshly-allocated
array is returned. A tuple (possible only as a keyword argument) must have
length equal to the number of outputs.

wherearray_like, optional

    
This condition is broadcast over the input. At locations where the condition
is True, the `out` array will be set to the ufunc result. Elsewhere, the `out`
array will retain its original value. Note that if an uninitialized `out`
array is created via the default `out=None`, locations within it where the
condition is False will remain uninitialized.

**kwargs

    
For other keyword-only arguments, see the ufunc docs.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Out has the same shape as `x`. Its real part is in `[-pi/2, pi/2]`
(`arctan(+/-inf)` returns `+/-pi/2`). This is a scalar if `x` is a scalar.

See also

`arctan2`

    
The “four quadrant” arctan of the angle formed by (`x`, `y`) and the positive
`x`-axis.

`angle`

    
Argument of complex values.

#### Notes

`arctan` is a multi-valued function: for each `x` there are infinitely many
numbers `z` such that tan(`z`) = `x`. The convention is to return the angle
`z` whose real part lies in [-pi/2, pi/2].

For real-valued input data types, `arctan` always returns real output. For
each value that cannot be expressed as a real number or infinity, it yields
`nan` and sets the `invalid` floating point error flag.

For complex-valued input, `arctan` is a complex analytic function that has
[`1j, infj`] and [`-1j, -infj`] as branch cuts, and is continuous from the
left on the former and from the right on the latter.

The inverse tangent is also known as `atan` or tan^{-1}.

#### References

Abramowitz, M. and Stegun, I. A., Handbook of Mathematical Functions, 10th
printing, New York: Dover, 1964, pp. 79.
https://personal.math.ubc.ca/~cbm/aands/page_79.htm

#### Examples

We expect the arctan of 0 to be 0, and of 1 to be pi/4:

    
    >>> np.arctan([0, 1])
    array([ 0.        ,  0.78539816])
    
    
    >>> np.pi/4
    0.78539816339744828
    
Plot arctan:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> x = np.linspace(-10, 10)
    >>> plt.plot(x, np.arctan(x))
    >>> plt.axis('tight')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../_images/numpy-
arctan-1.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAeUAAAEsCAMAAADKCVssAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjUuMCwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8/fFQqAAAAz1BMVEX///8eHh77/P3j4+P+/v74+vokJCTx8fEAAAAfd7Q0NDQvLy81hLskerYTExN/f3/Q0NDo6Og5OTksf7hkZGRLksMrKyvV5vHo8fdvp89Ul8ZAQECysrKuzuTM4O5+sdSenp610ua9vb0NDQ0XFxfb29uqqqrg7PWGttdBjL/W1taUlJTy9/qOutm+1+l3rNHe3t5mosybwt5vb2+lyOFsbGzt9PmLi4tencnF3OxNTU2Uvtt4eHju7u7MzMyGhoZaWloGBgbExMRJSUnLy8tO8R/RAAALv0lEQVR42uyde1viuhaHQ0nBSDteKvSipdZbQaEIBxFEz6izv/9nOi0wwDhSFDibZPF7/9iPw4b1pOuluZE0jAEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADWhueLYNPkuWSW83tg8+Qls1zcw8288Vt5ryid5SKaLSo5fcjtHY7+uHgrlUoNWKZomb/ncxPLJdzLhOtHWN4ly5el/bvJS7qUPQVYXt9yscjylZvxSwejXj8sr4XWcCLbkcxyys8H3MurdG70xOcg9rudZq3ltvteuW5YpkjpSGb5iLPi8Tna5a+gO/Yg9DvNwG0nRidC/8a0DEksn+T2rgrs5IzdVUqVAw7Li+rfnj1Ivba9uvGJVcuol72226o1O10/jKt25DQ0BeYgYDl161TDTs3tl40Pd6lR9/puUBt2U6NOg6ua0522rNtxp9b2/nCbiG0HzY4/sKMGp5LT3bSs22HTnbNrGonaoR/bzqz+5YRyumuWddsP+vVpO1tuB52w6nDiOd0hy41Bx61PulSW1xqGdm9XcroblnnkB+XffoNutZfevJwzWCaD03XHLbDRHsYO38WcEresx8GoETa9Wuis1aWCZVkVh66VKi43B/pu55SsZS0eKTZaYQM5JWrZaaZNsRFUOXJK1DKvuubWFMPyv+PYT8dMXqghp3QtDxLHZstGTglbjtpCWM0e48gpWcu9wBRm0ENOKVsOk6FTP0JOKVvWAyHKA8aRU8KWo6TXVdOQU9KWY0tYMXJK2rJWS2rrCDklbVlLxk+BhpxO9zyy80LhRKdlmbvCDHHnzO15vL864k93pCzzQJgxg+WUieXHE8bOjklZbgrhoxX8w/LDT8Zuc5MRJol9Uh0huujrLLZMYs9jV4gherQZNTaFezkUosZh+YNlYr2vyBQt2SRLsOeR1kiK94WnMVj+OzHSlWgNfGFGDJYVLNE36FnS9bxgeeO4oqzBMnHLsRBVBsu0LeuGCBgs07bMa8JowDJxy7YQMYNl2pa1snAZLBO37AvLgWXilnlZyqEyLG+UqjB7sEzdsitaDJaJW3ZMYcMydctN4TFYJm5ZMyRb6gXL/5dhlKHBMnXLnmgyWCZu2RamA8vULbekndyE5Y3RM+X8XRmWN8lQlDksE7cs9zBqmzm9Pi7s36Z/EDjnMRSGDsufcXrObvZHltU/AbAtagyWP+HoUmP86pqEZV3mKeyt5vS/heQ/+xeMwjmPsTA4LGdbVv+cx5bEvznKUmOnKH3OIzdkXdQnUe9L+XMebWHqsPw5t8lI6pDEOY9N0WawrHyJllCW7fkSsLx5HCEcWKZuuSvKDJapW27LuwwbljeF/BNfsLw+8k98wfL6tCTdsgzLG0SBiS9YXhtbWDosU7eswMQXLK+NAhNfsLwujhA9WKZuuSvzHjhY3hB9BSa+YHlNlJj4guU1Gagw8QXLa4+jXAbL1C17SoyjYHktGqaIYJm65VjUGSxTt1yTfiE2LK9PWfKtjtvP6XTPo7qnk/QUWNe35ZxOV92re9JQqEqzLMEOGnXPeQxUWCay1ZzOdsPNnwColuW6CGF5BctK7YZzhGjA8go1tlI7W30FlttL2ftS6l52ZX/OhASWp3seVR1JcUMMYPnr6VJzViSSf9uyxDlVxbIii4FgeS3aUj9FF5Y31SxXYZm6ZVtYGixTt9wRfQbL1C33RQeWqVvWLDXW6MLyOlSFxWGZuuWaImt0YXkd6qosBoLl1YmE2YBl6pY7Ck1vwvJOjKNgeTWU2VQBy2ugzupNWF4dhZaJwPKqaJY6y0RgeVWqKv0eBcsrotbEFyyvhloTX7C8EopNfMHySig28bXFnPKHQmGy1D5XKJVuVLLsqTXxtcWcnp9qL7nx/uXcoVr3smoTX1vM6a/k7n1+VtEyV23ia4s5rbwzdvc6tlypnByNX1Vin5RqE19bsHz8Y0R+znKe6c+/xv9XhT2PmqXQQmx5amyW7nNV514eqDbxte3e16hBLr4w9niqTrscqDbxtcWcag+5dCR1dsLuS5XK070ylhuq/VKx7Zxy6Ur0BTqizmGZYIn++GbWFXnAKiyvQSysBixTt9xX5hlfsLwykVBudhOWv01Npf2ssLwauqXCqY6wvB5dFYdRsPztYVSHwTJxywPllgLB8vdpq3KCASyvjiNUesoELK86jPIYLBO3HFnKPPUcllfuYPeFx2GZuOVQmBGDZdqWe4ZCT1eF5RVpiboOy8QtD4R6Kzdh+ZvodVUnRGD56zSF0YBl4pZtU9mh8lZzerb/9p/Jn7NzPWW1rJVFm8Hy97k+fP5teXqylKyWNVdYDiyvxMHE8uyUOEkt85YwYwbLa1menfgo6T6pmlC7UWbb2/P4uWUZ9zwOhYrr7GWusSW8l7tC0VVAclmWu/cVCvX2pMtj+SJ3eZk7S/c8Ts71lNOyb4oWh2XSJdJbQrgag2XKJYrKQjQpSIbljCbZEsaAMVgmXCItEMJzGCwTLhGP60nnWmOwTLhEdl8II2YMlumWyEm61matwWCZbomcppmMnyLGYJlsiapu4tirMgbLVEuk+8kIWXghZ7BMtETaIDCS9ti1GT1geU6xMIY9xmCZZIl6YStVbLVijTFYJlgifVBL22LKinfbMo/8oGymisu1WGeU2U3LPAqb7bSWTppi13cYZwyWCZWIO4Nu4FkjwWY58CPqgnfLMu9V/aFbHvtNBLudqs52BfKWNacadoL2b71C1Ps139bYTkHUsubYsT9M5Brmb7vC8FrD0NbZDkLHMm9EidlOs9X26tMbN62cDc+tdeNoJ/Uqb1lrOHY19rvDWsvtl/8QO3Jb7rea3bDqjCtnzhks/+vM7Xlces4j1xtOlBgN/W6nmThte+W68cHqxKzXDhK1A7s3krrTZmWwPLfnMXeYVaLhZz5/W60nWt2g2fHjge1Mq2TIlafGPvia5eZYqJUa7SdKa81O14+rdtTTYVMly5nnPDp25DQ0iFLK8t97HlU75xGWV7qXmVrnPMLyKpZVO+cRlr/ObM+jYuc8wjLREsEyLMPyaiXKF8Fmka9Hm98DmycvmWWe//g9zH/p25ovbuxtGw0mxQXkOYk25YstzxaCSXwBsAzLsAzLG0Y/0Df2rm0Ek/gCAAAAAADmmSwA5A+Fwt34lQ9nH0x5KJVKb+P3nOZKpcfP4x38KJVeswOl3FUqlXOWHWz2+fNC4WRRT0d/KpRORw8Lvt9LSni94G2z1Y1ZwV6SCIW9l6xgD7m9wz+uLSueLEwWAJ6fai+5cbE/PH13nqO38aKi07OF8eaWLWQE4hdFlv9xnR1s+vn7qyP+dLcgkn7G2d3ol/P7y4zrzB1O/sgKNuLxKSsYf8+noWbXtjSeHIy8/Eq+58/PI5Mfzj6Y5+cT+7rlrEAjKheZwWaffzxJ6pzjjEv4J/d1y0uDVc6WBEtCzV3b0ngSWa68J7XoqKadfyr+RwoTIaeFyuv9gmhXpdPxh7MCpVxcFTODzT7/8JOx21zGJbyOvlr3b/ulg0VLFKerG5cFe7/SlgRLLM9d29LCbZMPCwAzLM/eOUlAulSQ31U+j3eks/cf9wstz4Id5t4XBvum5Z/Ho4fD6Ufs5XRBd2G2unFZsJNntiSYQpZXqbFfn+f+8fayMOKvm+U19m3uYkmwL9fYj/uzT988Lb7Q8erGJcGKl7fLgqlbY496X4fZnabi5USZllR9N7lF9wy7nqjN6H3NSV4c7Eu9rznJSTWivx4skDdd3fi/9u5YBUEgAAOwVpToUITcUkNUuDT7BPX+z5SWQkN6TWXwfbP+cDrc/XiHkdXSYRsN+8PVV7cBcFanbZN68++Dl/bzeEq3a7LKQ7HbDEyRocirSFD7Bk9NUTmOhz3vL/fjZWWeNR0pT9aXpApFqAcu63Y3xsKaKaXtd2NhZZqdl/3Y4nmT8/Vv4B8fkVxMeZiOGAEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD8xh1LF1LA58JPqAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.arctan.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

