# numpy.log

numpy.log(x, /, out=None, *, where=True, casting='same_kind', order='K',
dtype=None, subok=True[, signature, extobj]) = <ufunc 'log'>

    
Natural logarithm, element-wise.

The natural logarithm `log` is the inverse of the exponential function, so
that `log(exp(x)) = x`. The natural logarithm is logarithm in base `e`.

Parameters

    
xarray_like

    
Input value.

outndarray, None, or tuple of ndarray and None, optional

    
A location into which the result is stored. If provided, it must have a shape
that the inputs broadcast to. If not provided or None, a freshly-allocated
array is returned. A tuple (possible only as a keyword argument) must have
length equal to the number of outputs.

wherearray_like, optional

    
This condition is broadcast over the input. At locations where the condition
is True, the `out` array will be set to the ufunc result. Elsewhere, the `out`
array will retain its original value. Note that if an uninitialized `out`
array is created via the default `out=None`, locations within it where the
condition is False will remain uninitialized.

**kwargs

    
For other keyword-only arguments, see the ufunc docs.

Returns

    
yndarray

    
The natural logarithm of `x`, element-wise. This is a scalar if `x` is a
scalar.

See also

`log10`, `log2`, `log1p`, `emath.log`

#### Notes

Logarithm is a multivalued function: for each `x` there is an infinite number
of `z` such that `exp(z) = x`. The convention is to return the `z` whose
imaginary part lies in `[-pi, pi]`.

For real-valued input data types, `log` always returns real output. For each
value that cannot be expressed as a real number or infinity, it yields `nan`
and sets the `invalid` floating point error flag.

For complex-valued input, `log` is a complex analytical function that has a
branch cut `[-inf, 0]` and is continuous from above on it. `log` handles the
floating-point negative zero as an infinitesimal negative number, conforming
to the C99 standard.

#### References

1

    
M. Abramowitz and I.A. Stegun, “Handbook of Mathematical Functions”, 10th
printing, 1964, pp. 67. https://personal.math.ubc.ca/~cbm/aands/page_67.htm

2

    
Wikipedia, “Logarithm”. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logarithm

#### Examples

    
    >>> np.log([1, np.e, np.e**2, 0])
    array([  0.,   1.,   2., -Inf])
    
© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/generated/numpy.log.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

