# Development workflow

You already have your own forked copy of the NumPy repository, by following
Create a NumPy fork, Make the local copy, you have configured git by following
Git configuration, and have linked the upstream repository as explained in
Linking your repository to the upstream repo.

What is described below is a recommended workflow with Git.

## Basic workflow

In short:

  1. Start a new feature branch for each set of edits that you do. See below.
  2. Hack away! See below
  3. When finished:
     * Contributors: push your feature branch to your own Github repo, and create a pull request.
     * Core developers: If you want to push changes without further review, see the notes below.

This way of working helps to keep work well organized and the history as clear
as possible.

See also

There are many online tutorials to help you learn git. For discussions of
specific git workflows, see these discussions on linux git workflow, and
ipython git workflow.

### Making a new feature branch

First, fetch new commits from the `upstream` repository:

    
    git fetch upstream
    
Then, create a new branch based on the main branch of the upstream repository:

    
    git checkout -b my-new-feature upstream/main
    
### The editing workflow

#### Overview

    
    # hack hack
    git status # Optional
    git diff # Optional
    git add modified_file
    git commit
    # push the branch to your own Github repo
    git push origin my-new-feature
    
#### In more detail

  1. Make some changes. When you feel that you’ve made a complete, working set of related changes, move on to the next steps.
  2. Optional: Check which files have changed with `git status` (see git status). You’ll see a listing like this one:
        # On branch my-new-feature
    # Changed but not updated:
    #   (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)
    #   (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)
    #
    #  modified:   README
    #
    # Untracked files:
    #   (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
    #
    #  INSTALL
    no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
    
  3. Optional: Compare the changes with the previous version using with `git diff` (git diff). This brings up a simple text browser interface that highlights the difference between your files and the previous version.
  4. Add any relevant modified or new files using `git add modified_file` (see git add). This puts the files into a staging area, which is a queue of files that will be added to your next commit. Only add files that have related, complete changes. Leave files with unfinished changes for later commits.
  5. To commit the staged files into the local copy of your repo, do `git commit`. At this point, a text editor will open up to allow you to write a commit message. Read the commit message section to be sure that you are writing a properly formatted and sufficiently detailed commit message. After saving your message and closing the editor, your commit will be saved. For trivial commits, a short commit message can be passed in through the command line using the `-m` flag. For example, `git commit -am "ENH: Some message"`.
In some cases, you will see this form of the commit command: `git commit -a`.
The extra `-a` flag automatically commits all modified files and removes all
deleted files. This can save you some typing of numerous `git add` commands;
however, it can add unwanted changes to a commit if you’re not careful. For
more information, see why the -a flag? \- and the helpful use-case description
in the tangled working copy problem.

  6. Push the changes to your forked repo on github:
        git push origin my-new-feature
    
For more information, see git push.

Note

Assuming you have followed the instructions in these pages, git will create a
default link to your github repo called `origin`. In git >= 1.7 you can ensure
that the link to origin is permanently set by using the `--set-upstream`
option:

    
    git push --set-upstream origin my-new-feature
    
From now on git will know that `my-new-feature` is related to the `my-new-
feature` branch in your own github repo. Subsequent push calls are then
simplified to the following:

    
    git push
    
You have to use `--set-upstream` for each new branch that you create.

It may be the case that while you were working on your edits, new commits have
been added to `upstream` that affect your work. In this case, follow the
Rebasing on main section of this document to apply those changes to your
branch.

#### Writing the commit message

Commit messages should be clear and follow a few basic rules. Example:

    
    ENH: add functionality X to numpy.<submodule>.
    
    The first line of the commit message starts with a capitalized acronym
    (options listed below) indicating what type of commit this is.  Then a blank
    line, then more text if needed.  Lines shouldn't be longer than 72
    characters.  If the commit is related to a ticket, indicate that with
    "See #3456", "See ticket 3456", "Closes #3456" or similar.
    
Describing the motivation for a change, the nature of a bug for bug fixes or
some details on what an enhancement does are also good to include in a commit
message. Messages should be understandable without looking at the code
changes. A commit message like `MAINT: fixed another one` is an example of
what not to do; the reader has to go look for context elsewhere.

Standard acronyms to start the commit message with are:

    
    API: an (incompatible) API change
    BENCH: changes to the benchmark suite
    BLD: change related to building numpy
    BUG: bug fix
    DEP: deprecate something, or remove a deprecated object
    DEV: development tool or utility
    DOC: documentation
    ENH: enhancement
    MAINT: maintenance commit (refactoring, typos, etc.)
    REV: revert an earlier commit
    STY: style fix (whitespace, PEP8)
    TST: addition or modification of tests
    REL: related to releasing numpy
    
### Get the mailing list’s opinion

If you plan a new feature or API change, it’s wisest to first email the NumPy
mailing list asking for comment. If you haven’t heard back in a week, it’s OK
to ping the list again.

### Asking for your changes to be merged with the main repo

When you feel your work is finished, you can create a pull request (PR).
Github has a nice help page that outlines the process for filing pull
requests.

If your changes involve modifications to the API or addition/modification of a
function, add a release note to the `doc/release/upcoming_changes/` directory,
following the instructions and format in the
`doc/release/upcoming_changes/README.rst` file.

### Getting your PR reviewed

We review pull requests as soon as we can, typically within a week. If you get
no review comments within two weeks, feel free to ask for feedback by adding a
comment on your PR (this will notify maintainers).

If your PR is large or complicated, asking for input on the numpy-discussion
mailing list may also be useful.

### Rebasing on main

This updates your feature branch with changes from the upstream NumPy github
repo. If you do not absolutely need to do this, try to avoid doing it, except
perhaps when you are finished. The first step will be to update the remote
repository with new commits from upstream:

    
    git fetch upstream
    
Next, you need to update the feature branch:

    
    # go to the feature branch
    git checkout my-new-feature
    # make a backup in case you mess up
    git branch tmp my-new-feature
    # rebase on upstream main branch
    git rebase upstream/main
    
If you have made changes to files that have changed also upstream, this may
generate merge conflicts that you need to resolve. See below for help in this
case.

Finally, remove the backup branch upon a successful rebase:

    
    git branch -D tmp
    
Note

Rebasing on main is preferred over merging upstream back to your branch. Using
`git merge` and `git pull` is discouraged when working on feature branches.

### Recovering from mess-ups

Sometimes, you mess up merges or rebases. Luckily, in Git it is relatively
straightforward to recover from such mistakes.

If you mess up during a rebase:

    
    git rebase --abort
    
If you notice you messed up after the rebase:

    
    # reset branch back to the saved point
    git reset --hard tmp
    
If you forgot to make a backup branch:

    
    # look at the reflog of the branch
    git reflog show my-feature-branch
    
    8630830 my-feature-branch@{0}: commit: BUG: io: close file handles immediately
    278dd2a my-feature-branch@{1}: rebase finished: refs/heads/my-feature-branch onto 11ee694744f2552d
    26aa21a my-feature-branch@{2}: commit: BUG: lib: make seek_gzip_factory not leak gzip obj
    ...
    
    # reset the branch to where it was before the botched rebase
    git reset --hard my-feature-branch@{2}
    
If you didn’t actually mess up but there are merge conflicts, you need to
resolve those. This can be one of the trickier things to get right. For a good
description of how to do this, see this article on merging conflicts.

## Additional things you might want to do

### Rewriting commit history

Note

Do this only for your own feature branches.

There’s an embarrassing typo in a commit you made? Or perhaps you made several
false starts you would like the posterity not to see.

This can be done via interactive rebasing.

Suppose that the commit history looks like this:

    
    git log --oneline
    eadc391 Fix some remaining bugs
    a815645 Modify it so that it works
    2dec1ac Fix a few bugs + disable
    13d7934 First implementation
    6ad92e5 * masked is now an instance of a new object, MaskedConstant
    29001ed Add pre-nep for a couple of structured_array_extensions.
    ...
    
and `6ad92e5` is the last commit in the `main` branch. Suppose we want to make
the following changes:

  * Rewrite the commit message for `13d7934` to something more sensible.
  * Combine the commits `2dec1ac`, `a815645`, `eadc391` into a single one.

We do as follows:

    
    # make a backup of the current state
    git branch tmp HEAD
    # interactive rebase
    git rebase -i 6ad92e5
    
This will open an editor with the following text in it:

    
    pick 13d7934 First implementation
    pick 2dec1ac Fix a few bugs + disable
    pick a815645 Modify it so that it works
    pick eadc391 Fix some remaining bugs
    
    # Rebase 6ad92e5..eadc391 onto 6ad92e5
    #
    # Commands:
    #  p, pick = use commit
    #  r, reword = use commit, but edit the commit message
    #  e, edit = use commit, but stop for amending
    #  s, squash = use commit, but meld into previous commit
    #  f, fixup = like "squash", but discard this commit's log message
    #
    # If you remove a line here THAT COMMIT WILL BE LOST.
    # However, if you remove everything, the rebase will be aborted.
    #
    
To achieve what we want, we will make the following changes to it:

    
    r 13d7934 First implementation
    pick 2dec1ac Fix a few bugs + disable
    f a815645 Modify it so that it works
    f eadc391 Fix some remaining bugs
    
This means that (i) we want to edit the commit message for `13d7934`, and (ii)
collapse the last three commits into one. Now we save and quit the editor.

Git will then immediately bring up an editor for editing the commit message.
After revising it, we get the output:

    
    [detached HEAD 721fc64] FOO: First implementation
     2 files changed, 199 insertions(+), 66 deletions(-)
    [detached HEAD 0f22701] Fix a few bugs + disable
     1 files changed, 79 insertions(+), 61 deletions(-)
    Successfully rebased and updated refs/heads/my-feature-branch.
    
and the history looks now like this:

    
    0f22701 Fix a few bugs + disable
    721fc64 ENH: Sophisticated feature
    6ad92e5 * masked is now an instance of a new object, MaskedConstant
    
If it went wrong, recovery is again possible as explained above.

### Deleting a branch on github

    
    git checkout main
    # delete branch locally
    git branch -D my-unwanted-branch
    # delete branch on github
    git push origin --delete my-unwanted-branch
    
See also: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2003505/how-do-i-delete-a-git-
branch-locally-and-remotely

### Several people sharing a single repository

If you want to work on some stuff with other people, where you are all
committing into the same repository, or even the same branch, then just share
it via github.

First fork NumPy into your account, as from Create a NumPy fork.

Then, go to your forked repository github page, say `https://github.com/your-
user-name/numpy`

Click on the ‘Admin’ button, and add anyone else to the repo as a
collaborator:

![../_images/pull_button.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Now all those people can do:

    
    git clone git@github.com:your-user-name/numpy.git
    
Remember that links starting with `git@` use the ssh protocol and are read-
write; links starting with `git://` are read-only.

Your collaborators can then commit directly into that repo with the usual:

    
    git commit -am 'ENH - much better code'
    git push origin my-feature-branch # pushes directly into your repo
    
### Exploring your repository

To see a graphical representation of the repository branches and commits:

    
    gitk --all
    
To see a linear list of commits for this branch:

    
    git log
    
You can also look at the network graph visualizer for your github repo.

### Backporting

Backporting is the process of copying new feature/fixes committed in
numpy/main back to stable release branches. To do this you make a branch off
the branch you are backporting to, cherry pick the commits you want from
`numpy/main`, and then submit a pull request for the branch containing the
backport.

  1. First, you need to make the branch you will work on. This needs to be based on the older version of NumPy (not main):
        # Make a new branch based on numpy/maintenance/1.8.x,
    # backport-3324 is our new name for the branch.
    git checkout -b backport-3324 upstream/maintenance/1.8.x
    
  2. Now you need to apply the changes from main to this branch using git cherry-pick:
        # Update remote
    git fetch upstream
    # Check the commit log for commits to cherry pick
    git log upstream/main
    # This pull request included commits aa7a047 to c098283 (inclusive)
    # so you use the .. syntax (for a range of commits), the ^ makes the
    # range inclusive.
    git cherry-pick aa7a047^..c098283
    ...
    # Fix any conflicts, then if needed:
    git cherry-pick --continue
    
  3. You might run into some conflicts cherry picking here. These are resolved the same way as merge/rebase conflicts. Except here you can use git blame to see the difference between main and the backported branch to make sure nothing gets screwed up.
  4. Push the new branch to your Github repository:
        git push -u origin backport-3324
    
  5. Finally make a pull request using Github. Make sure it is against the maintenance branch and not main, Github will usually suggest you make the pull request against main.

### Pushing changes to the main repo

Requires commit rights to the main NumPy repo.

When you have a set of “ready” changes in a feature branch ready for NumPy’s
`main` or `maintenance` branches, you can push them to `upstream` as follows:

  1. First, merge or rebase on the target branch.
    1. Only a few, unrelated commits then prefer rebasing:
                git fetch upstream
        git rebase upstream/main
        
See Rebasing on main.

    2. If all of the commits are related, create a merge commit:
                git fetch upstream
        git merge --no-ff upstream/main
        
  2. Check that what you are going to push looks sensible:
        git log -p upstream/main..
    git log --oneline --graph
    
  3. Push to upstream:
        git push upstream my-feature-branch:main
    

Note

It’s usually a good idea to use the `-n` flag to `git push` to check first
that you’re about to push the changes you want to the place you want.

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/dev/development_workflow.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

