# numpy.random.Generator.gumbel

method

random.Generator.gumbel(loc=0.0, scale=1.0, size=None)

    
Draw samples from a Gumbel distribution.

Draw samples from a Gumbel distribution with specified location and scale. For
more information on the Gumbel distribution, see Notes and References below.

Parameters

    
locfloat or array_like of floats, optional

    
The location of the mode of the distribution. Default is 0.

scalefloat or array_like of floats, optional

    
The scale parameter of the distribution. Default is 1. Must be non- negative.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`loc` and `scale` are both scalars. Otherwise, `np.broadcast(loc, scale).size`
samples are drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized Gumbel distribution.

See also

`scipy.stats.gumbel_l`

`scipy.stats.gumbel_r`

`scipy.stats.genextreme`

`weibull`

#### Notes

The Gumbel (or Smallest Extreme Value (SEV) or the Smallest Extreme Value Type
I) distribution is one of a class of Generalized Extreme Value (GEV)
distributions used in modeling extreme value problems. The Gumbel is a special
case of the Extreme Value Type I distribution for maximums from distributions
with “exponential-like” tails.

The probability density for the Gumbel distribution is

\\[p(x) = \frac{e^{-(x - \mu)/ \beta}}{\beta} e^{ -e^{-(x - \mu)/ \beta}},\\]

where \\(\mu\\) is the mode, a location parameter, and \\(\beta\\) is the
scale parameter.

The Gumbel (named for German mathematician Emil Julius Gumbel) was used very
early in the hydrology literature, for modeling the occurrence of flood
events. It is also used for modeling maximum wind speed and rainfall rates. It
is a “fat-tailed” distribution - the probability of an event in the tail of
the distribution is larger than if one used a Gaussian, hence the surprisingly
frequent occurrence of 100-year floods. Floods were initially modeled as a
Gaussian process, which underestimated the frequency of extreme events.

It is one of a class of extreme value distributions, the Generalized Extreme
Value (GEV) distributions, which also includes the Weibull and Frechet.

The function has a mean of \\(\mu + 0.57721\beta\\) and a variance of
\\(\frac{\pi^2}{6}\beta^2\\).

#### References

1

    
Gumbel, E. J., “Statistics of Extremes,” New York: Columbia University Press,
1958.

2

    
Reiss, R.-D. and Thomas, M., “Statistical Analysis of Extreme Values from
Insurance, Finance, Hydrology and Other Fields,” Basel: Birkhauser Verlag,
2001.

#### Examples

Draw samples from the distribution:

    
    >>> rng = np.random.default_rng()
    >>> mu, beta = 0, 0.1 # location and scale
    >>> s = rng.gumbel(mu, beta, 1000)
    
Display the histogram of the samples, along with the probability density
function:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> count, bins, ignored = plt.hist(s, 30, density=True)
    >>> plt.plot(bins, (1/beta)*np.exp(-(bins - mu)/beta)
    ...          * np.exp( -np.exp( -(bins - mu) /beta) ),
    ...          linewidth=2, color='r')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../../_images/numpy-random-Generator-
gumbel-1_00_00.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Show how an extreme value distribution can arise from a Gaussian process and
compare to a Gaussian:

    
    >>> means = []
    >>> maxima = []
    >>> for i in range(0,1000) :
    ...    a = rng.normal(mu, beta, 1000)
    ...    means.append(a.mean())
    ...    maxima.append(a.max())
    >>> count, bins, ignored = plt.hist(maxima, 30, density=True)
    >>> beta = np.std(maxima) * np.sqrt(6) / np.pi
    >>> mu = np.mean(maxima) - 0.57721*beta
    >>> plt.plot(bins, (1/beta)*np.exp(-(bins - mu)/beta)
    ...          * np.exp(-np.exp(-(bins - mu)/beta)),
    ...          linewidth=2, color='r')
    >>> plt.plot(bins, 1/(beta * np.sqrt(2 * np.pi))
    ...          * np.exp(-(bins - mu)**2 / (2 * beta**2)),
    ...          linewidth=2, color='g')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../../_images/numpy-random-Generator-
gumbel-1_01_00.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.Generator.gumbel.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

