# numpy.random.RandomState.normal

method

random.RandomState.normal(loc=0.0, scale=1.0, size=None)

    
Draw random samples from a normal (Gaussian) distribution.

The probability density function of the normal distribution, first derived by
De Moivre and 200 years later by both Gauss and Laplace independently [2], is
often called the bell curve because of its characteristic shape (see the
example below).

The normal distributions occurs often in nature. For example, it describes the
commonly occurring distribution of samples influenced by a large number of
tiny, random disturbances, each with its own unique distribution [2].

Note

New code should use the `normal` method of a `default_rng()` instance instead;
please see the Quick Start.

Parameters

    
locfloat or array_like of floats

    
Mean (“centre”) of the distribution.

scalefloat or array_like of floats

    
Standard deviation (spread or “width”) of the distribution. Must be non-
negative.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`loc` and `scale` are both scalars. Otherwise, `np.broadcast(loc, scale).size`
samples are drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized normal distribution.

See also

`scipy.stats.norm`

    
probability density function, distribution or cumulative density function,
etc.

`Generator.normal`

    
which should be used for new code.

#### Notes

The probability density for the Gaussian distribution is

\\[p(x) = \frac{1}{\sqrt{ 2 \pi \sigma^2 }} e^{ - \frac{ (x - \mu)^2 } {2
\sigma^2} },\\]

where \\(\mu\\) is the mean and \\(\sigma\\) the standard deviation. The
square of the standard deviation, \\(\sigma^2\\), is called the variance.

The function has its peak at the mean, and its “spread” increases with the
standard deviation (the function reaches 0.607 times its maximum at \\(x +
\sigma\\) and \\(x - \sigma\\) [2]). This implies that normal is more likely
to return samples lying close to the mean, rather than those far away.

#### References

1

    
Wikipedia, “Normal distribution”,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normal_distribution

2(1,2,3)

    
P. R. Peebles Jr., “Central Limit Theorem” in “Probability, Random Variables
and Random Signal Principles”, 4th ed., 2001, pp. 51, 51, 125.

#### Examples

Draw samples from the distribution:

    
    >>> mu, sigma = 0, 0.1 # mean and standard deviation
    >>> s = np.random.normal(mu, sigma, 1000)
    
Verify the mean and the variance:

    
    >>> abs(mu - np.mean(s))
    0.0  # may vary
    
    
    >>> abs(sigma - np.std(s, ddof=1))
    0.1  # may vary
    
Display the histogram of the samples, along with the probability density
function:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> count, bins, ignored = plt.hist(s, 30, density=True)
    >>> plt.plot(bins, 1/(sigma * np.sqrt(2 * np.pi)) *
    ...                np.exp( - (bins - mu)**2 / (2 * sigma**2) ),
    ...          linewidth=2, color='r')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../../_images/numpy-random-RandomState-
normal-1_00_00.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAeUAAAEsCAMAAADKCVssAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjUuMCwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8/fFQqAAAA8FBMVEX///81NTX++/vQ0ND/AAAdcKr//v4fd7Tx8fEAAAAfdrIeHh7k5OT4+PgtLS3/Cwv/BAQVFRVAQEDpCxH/ycklc67/goL/9vb0BQgkJCR7e3v/Nzfb29v7AQJxSnH/39//GxuhMUr/KyvQGCWfn5//6OixsbE1aqH/WFj/8PD/Zmbs7OxkUnz/j4/17+//IyMsb6iUOFXDHy//c3P/ExP/sLD/QkL/Tk6UlJS2JTlgYGC+vr7/wMBqamqsK0GJPV3/pqZMTEw9ZppGYZSJiYnbEhxWWIYLCwv/m5v/19f/uLhMXo9/Q2bHx8esrKynp6dYhm7dAAANpUlEQVR42uyde1faSheHQ9xvRhGBCgGsyrWUS2FxEaW0VihWqmLP9/84b3ZAqhVUIJdJ8nv+6VldhzrM40xm79kzURQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADA1miRXWA1EU0yy5E9YD0RySzv7mEwWz6U93als7yLx5bv+xSWYRnAMoBlWEaLYBmWYTkIlsVfYBmWYRmW0aewDMuwDMvuWPaMeViGZbQIlmEZlmEZfQrLsOxlyzKqh2VYRotgGZZhGZbRp7AMy7AMy7DszT79tPcZlv1u+SQUgmW/W9YOdw69bVlPw/Jb/PqozC0fSHk+7xXL+nXjodBNEPUvNVh+jZ3QwaPlj+ZZW49YrqVY74LibRqWV/P1w/7+7w9fvTaWk62F4Ewpz3/kU2VYfg3PPZfVVNzwmihddbLTdlioo2P2HKvfwbJ/LOdY6vH4yd9pyb45ri+msOyPrIg2ihHFU+o/wzZ3FuPpewLLfrBcqxoyW8klj+BaM/9EM/rUw5YvDZPxam35QittzNunDVj2uGW9Ywzk3mhl0KQOFprRp561POAVVu6VBIi+0Iw+9arlobnsUl6xLMJXc83oU29aDjeMkXy+5GH97P80NWdh2auWpxmiofKW5UfN6FNPWq4kiK7Cb1sW4YIx5rPoUy9a1ktEJf1d+8um5lv0qfcs8zycqLyziiDMAdc9+tRzlo3ldeZ6Ra3IS1hzvow+9ZhlXl43xLsti3CXqK+hTz1l2VxeizUsi0pPmkczLL+P2fJ6LcvinCh2hz71juX0bHm9nmWlTnSsok+9Ylmrz5bXa1pOt4jO0KdesWzMvZmpWNuykowTXaJPvWG5lifKirUxPpkywqka+tQTls+IuuGNLKsXRFX0qRdalDTWymOxkWUlFyMaoU/lb5FaJGqKDS0rI+NXJIc+lb5FKY6HNrasVIkuVPSp5C26i1M8qWxuuWaEUyn0qdwt0i7MmHdzy8ol8a8J+lTmFt0StdJbWTanfA19KlmLnnoq92bbxFtY1nj5dgvLEluuzuPdbcYyz9m9GizLapk3lRNtsSF//8Wqy/lsWH7NcjuxUWrzheVcjOJ3sCyp5cJmqc2XxWDGAuxCg2UpLU+JMmNhhWXegzwPtuXDaPRwR0LL+g3Rg7DEMu9d5tOBtmy04L+ohJYfiEphiyxzciUVaMsGnyS0zEuvqbDIMidK3du1kMLyt/392Ywtxx1Bc0kdoithmWXepK4GfSz/NP+Q476vmaPxKWUqFlqu9dyrDpJljf37i2xjeUDUERZa5ox4UQ2qZW03oiif9zXJnsuTbbJeSy1rx0TNwI7lSEjCSCpc2ibrtfz2GK4sKgd1LGsyZkWyRDdhiy1zVXcduS95LOtGFDURljH/h8sxoiQsS2N5SNQVlltWmi7VE8DyMsuVDJ1e22CZ6wnOYVkSywWigrDBMqezWyosS2H5euuEyMqj68euFAfB8hLL3ccD6daTdGVvCpZfwgkR3SbLSt+NvSlYfoF6s31CZLVl3psqw7LrLbrdclv5jXWYG6kRWP4XPqw8EfZZLrtQ6QfL/5IiGggbLfMPqMKyuy0yhtrp2FbLvNGchGVXW1S3OCGyhIdZ/S8suwYvgSs2W+ba0AYsu/jTq0Y4K+ymYW5rwrJbJPncmu2WZyUKsOwSXDXdVGy3bJYb6bDsEvfmlpH9lrl0cAjLLg3lonltkwOWederDMuuSB7NSjkcsMw72Gew7Abp/Kwu3gnLlQzFc7DsAk2iC8Uhy3w+pwrLzrPIPDpimc/aJWHZcRbH1RyxzHlOx64ngOVHeEcw56BlveXcq4hgeY7ldZtvMnLudBwsz+EItu2oZc25ek5YnjOwr25z1VbzpWP1nLA8I2lj3ebKggLH6jlheZb2OraxbnOl5TunjrrCssm5BQdZNygOqjuU54RlM7fZmr/D0WHLTtVzSmD54OdR9PDE1RY1t7qJcYsjcg7Vc8pg+bOmfD10s0V8evxauGHZoXpOSWbsP/tutoiPOwhXLPNBDgfynJJY/vZjNqxduQnKPLrkjmVNdeQaVjks/wodmH86fqvbojxHuDSWeXVvf55TCsu/QvNGOD6WF6V2rll2JM8pg+VfoS9utciim722uYYi6cALP2W41W3vKBoNuWY5a+dB1vdcNuJAnjPgWZFZzcZEuGmZXz6Xg2VbLXdsPcj6rouDzoj6sGynZb7ZayzcpZ23u2ok6JavnK4QWVE1Yu8tYAG3PN3+fmSLqkaasGwXWne7t8xY9YS2+07lYFvmbWVdAsucSa/Csj24sq28/OIge/emAm055ca28vKYiu9UVmHZBu7i1t6PvI1le9/RHGDLfPFAR0hi2d53NAfXMp9WzuvSWLb1Hc3BtcwLnnshj2U739EcXMtm8CKRZTvf0RxYy5dmIkImyxzXjWDZSnhN21SksmzjO5qDajk1i0+lsqz17VqABdKyEOMMnU6FLDwJ4ONJWLbKcrgrS6j8vJ7AmGGKaVi2yHJWig3Hl+hFe+bsQFrmWq+GkBFjzrZj1yJAlv/2ZcG1Wq8352575uwgWp6SXa9+296yemzHnB1Ay3zV/IOQ1LJiy5wdQMsdt8rs373T3ErD8paWJ6cyhcpLdpptmLMDZ5nX10MhsWXlLja72heWN7YcHkhSBfRKfoTn7Bosb2H5gShREXJb5jm7DsubW74+lTUf8jTXafmcHSzLHEQVhPSWec629ExzsCxfGUGU7gHLXHhYh+XNLGeJMmPhBcYZSwt3ZbD8Y39vxwnL3HVZ4Q2MX0gLt5plsPw9su+EZb1EdCW8QsF4NJf9NWM7YrlDdNP2jGXdeDQfp31p2c6boO5J4szmEsp5YwWm+dGyjbe6cZH9g4ckCyUZs+zselDGcvpY6szm0qBqZKzALn1o2bYWqX25M5vLQ+czol7OL5aNSOrDka0t0upEsanwmmX+3bSkPkgGy5rtLUoZc9+98JxlpdYiqmp+mbFtbtEt8QkkD1o29y1SsPyeqeKcJDoTtWZKm9t+DstvcxmfldgITzI0VhRJWH5rJPOkZz7bvGmZi1u21ux7y7k8UV9VPGtZ6F1D8yUsv5ryai3SwR61HOaMduwell9JeZU8tUWxnHR/W83+tlwzhkFi7HHJQmHN8XNYXvFMLhJlroXnLStqdTvNfracNBZemYnwA+ErotOsgOUXnBshVOtaCB9phuV/4+QmGavrsvAL4QJtXvDnV8tq3eiUaloR/tKcUmH5+eKaUpriI8si3OHZKQfLTxfX8ZGHUyHLNQ/jRL1zWJ4vrhNGmDwR/oOjBqqnYdl4JKeMX/mbsQ8lC6VmBM5UvIPlS2O2pm5b+JNwNkOUyYZFoC3XeG0d7+jCr4Svb4xvOGgH2LI26vE6NCn8jM4h1c3kn6KS4FjOcfwUa6qK8DeNDD+UpoG0rKZixpfv53wWPy2btSsl4ml7HDjL6jmvuvKzaFL4nXDWCBbp9KoSKMu1Zou/daEtgoL+YHouVAJjOXfGczWVpiJI6EN+PGc6tSBY1i77rJgu7sMiYLQ77DlWvVd9bjk9OmbFsfpdAJ7GL6kUTvnr986Smm8tl2/75lSdT5UDseZaxrjQM6eyYirnE8vPVpnTjhlOGI/jrC6CjN4YmAOaus07zU+W242rxExx4moSFoGnne3OuqPXbyZVH1iuNIaDG5qP4s4Uih+f0MPHXsl0O5OaZy2n7xqd7nwIG99l8FCB2+f7GMPBY/fEn7+yWwbLJ6Gj0M7KFmnl5Kh51j/u0YJMqdDQoXWp6YfZs6wo3Vg+/KT8F1rRIq0Yp6ckup3sNabp1yfvbKFYl83yl9+qon04WdGi1lzvaaJ0NWxUIPhdOHCLx5p7wjt8c0zoO//37CaoyO4TLoqDwjA7Gf8PrMHucyLuj+U/fy3PbnUD1hORaMbmsbx7svviNzGyuzbOfUj29vGHIppkqy+LYnrnPiR7++QIlrXnkRQs+9Kyonm8Q2DZCg4+Hsj8Idnbt9mXAgAAAEBQ0X4cHX2dx9XR6OHOmh86+HkUPTxZ9yc9f/fRav7GgJ+Ojr69c5Gz+NDJ4e/oe7th8aHvoWj0o7bmh/5Eo9EfMq/BPh3+v727WW0QiMIwfCaBweAP2F3FZXHjDYjFhSBkZXP/d9MxaRMNDZxjaTHwPiuz+BiTMzM6DsRd/fVX+GFB8JEZQ2nlpXmxtrR899Fj1+c5ZZ74vtF9o2uoHit1lb9Dfl9KGj7YQmkqvh82XOX+JFIU10pkK0JjbA+pqnx7Njt0IpWuM8234N61VV7u23WFMeSnSa3ZcJWzUaRpL8dtrBtii1CIdfaQpqHZbloXBspe1ZnmW3DqKi9CkuSjNVRmx36LM7bLz5Jlwd56e2hwqT2k6k7jiirPt+D0Y3keitxgD0k0TVVPMmPLsbaGBhetaGm7M7a6yHfT/Kl/iruvKAm/ZOxtoVDk2tyStsq/vPsyVPkWilwh5lCZhutyseEq77p4Wt9UrSROvZKahQ6vWeaMobt3Hz2+8l2WKm1lWUndQmmcH+LCGBoOYVU0GEPN1ldS59M9D2C/JiR/GvI/HOlDXlaHvPH0AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD/6ROweaACFYP3JgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Two-by-four array of samples from N(3, 6.25):

    
    >>> np.random.normal(3, 2.5, size=(2, 4))
    array([[-4.49401501,  4.00950034, -1.81814867,  7.29718677],   # random
           [ 0.39924804,  4.68456316,  4.99394529,  4.84057254]])  # random
    
© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.RandomState.normal.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

