# numpy.random.Generator.pareto

method

random.Generator.pareto(a, size=None)

    
Draw samples from a Pareto II or Lomax distribution with specified shape.

The Lomax or Pareto II distribution is a shifted Pareto distribution. The
classical Pareto distribution can be obtained from the Lomax distribution by
adding 1 and multiplying by the scale parameter `m` (see Notes). The smallest
value of the Lomax distribution is zero while for the classical Pareto
distribution it is `mu`, where the standard Pareto distribution has location
`mu = 1`. Lomax can also be considered as a simplified version of the
Generalized Pareto distribution (available in SciPy), with the scale set to
one and the location set to zero.

The Pareto distribution must be greater than zero, and is unbounded above. It
is also known as the “80-20 rule”. In this distribution, 80 percent of the
weights are in the lowest 20 percent of the range, while the other 20 percent
fill the remaining 80 percent of the range.

Parameters

    
afloat or array_like of floats

    
Shape of the distribution. Must be positive.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`a` is a scalar. Otherwise, `np.array(a).size` samples are drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized Pareto distribution.

See also

`scipy.stats.lomax`

    
probability density function, distribution or cumulative density function,
etc.

`scipy.stats.genpareto`

    
probability density function, distribution or cumulative density function,
etc.

#### Notes

The probability density for the Pareto distribution is

\\[p(x) = \frac{am^a}{x^{a+1}}\\]

where \\(a\\) is the shape and \\(m\\) the scale.

The Pareto distribution, named after the Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto, is
a power law probability distribution useful in many real world problems.
Outside the field of economics it is generally referred to as the Bradford
distribution. Pareto developed the distribution to describe the distribution
of wealth in an economy. It has also found use in insurance, web page access
statistics, oil field sizes, and many other problems, including the download
frequency for projects in Sourceforge [1]. It is one of the so-called “fat-
tailed” distributions.

#### References

1

    
Francis Hunt and Paul Johnson, On the Pareto Distribution of Sourceforge
projects.

2

    
Pareto, V. (1896). Course of Political Economy. Lausanne.

3

    
Reiss, R.D., Thomas, M.(2001), Statistical Analysis of Extreme Values,
Birkhauser Verlag, Basel, pp 23-30.

4

    
Wikipedia, “Pareto distribution”,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pareto_distribution

#### Examples

Draw samples from the distribution:

    
    >>> a, m = 3., 2.  # shape and mode
    >>> s = (np.random.default_rng().pareto(a, 1000) + 1) * m
    
Display the histogram of the samples, along with the probability density
function:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> count, bins, _ = plt.hist(s, 100, density=True)
    >>> fit = a*m**a / bins**(a+1)
    >>> plt.plot(bins, max(count)*fit/max(fit), linewidth=2, color='r')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../../_images/numpy-random-Generator-
pareto-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.Generator.pareto.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

