# numpy.random.Generator.standard_t

method

random.Generator.standard_t(df, size=None)

    
Draw samples from a standard Student’s t distribution with `df` degrees of
freedom.

A special case of the hyperbolic distribution. As `df` gets large, the result
resembles that of the standard normal distribution (`standard_normal`).

Parameters

    
dffloat or array_like of floats

    
Degrees of freedom, must be > 0.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`df` is a scalar. Otherwise, `np.array(df).size` samples are drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized standard Student’s t distribution.

#### Notes

The probability density function for the t distribution is

\\[P(x, df) = \frac{\Gamma(\frac{df+1}{2})}{\sqrt{\pi df}
\Gamma(\frac{df}{2})}\Bigl( 1+\frac{x^2}{df} \Bigr)^{-(df+1)/2}\\]

The t test is based on an assumption that the data come from a Normal
distribution. The t test provides a way to test whether the sample mean (that
is the mean calculated from the data) is a good estimate of the true mean.

The derivation of the t-distribution was first published in 1908 by William
Gosset while working for the Guinness Brewery in Dublin. Due to proprietary
issues, he had to publish under a pseudonym, and so he used the name Student.

#### References

1

    
Dalgaard, Peter, “Introductory Statistics With R”, Springer, 2002.

2

    
Wikipedia, “Student’s t-distribution”
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Student’s_t-distribution

#### Examples

From Dalgaard page 83 [1], suppose the daily energy intake for 11 women in
kilojoules (kJ) is:

    
    >>> intake = np.array([5260., 5470, 5640, 6180, 6390, 6515, 6805, 7515, \
    ...                    7515, 8230, 8770])
    
Does their energy intake deviate systematically from the recommended value of
7725 kJ? Our null hypothesis will be the absence of deviation, and the
alternate hypothesis will be the presence of an effect that could be either
positive or negative, hence making our test 2-tailed.

Because we are estimating the mean and we have N=11 values in our sample, we
have N-1=10 degrees of freedom. We set our significance level to 95% and
compute the t statistic using the empirical mean and empirical standard
deviation of our intake. We use a ddof of 1 to base the computation of our
empirical standard deviation on an unbiased estimate of the variance (note:
the final estimate is not unbiased due to the concave nature of the square
root).

    
    >>> np.mean(intake)
    6753.636363636364
    >>> intake.std(ddof=1)
    1142.1232221373727
    >>> t = (np.mean(intake)-7725)/(intake.std(ddof=1)/np.sqrt(len(intake)))
    >>> t
    -2.8207540608310198
    
We draw 1000000 samples from Student’s t distribution with the adequate
degrees of freedom.

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> s = np.random.default_rng().standard_t(10, size=1000000)
    >>> h = plt.hist(s, bins=100, density=True)
    
Does our t statistic land in one of the two critical regions found at both
tails of the distribution?

    
    >>> np.sum(np.abs(t) < np.abs(s)) / float(len(s))
    0.018318  #random < 0.05, statistic is in critical region
    
The probability value for this 2-tailed test is about 1.83%, which is lower
than the 5% pre-determined significance threshold.

Therefore, the probability of observing values as extreme as our intake
conditionally on the null hypothesis being true is too low, and we reject the
null hypothesis of no deviation.

![../../../_images/numpy-random-Generator-
standard_t-1.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.Generator.standard_t.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

