# numpy.random.Generator.binomial

method

random.Generator.binomial(n, p, size=None)

    
Draw samples from a binomial distribution.

Samples are drawn from a binomial distribution with specified parameters, n
trials and p probability of success where n an integer >= 0 and p is in the
interval [0,1]. (n may be input as a float, but it is truncated to an integer
in use)

Parameters

    
nint or array_like of ints

    
Parameter of the distribution, >= 0. Floats are also accepted, but they will
be truncated to integers.

pfloat or array_like of floats

    
Parameter of the distribution, >= 0 and <=1.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`n` and `p` are both scalars. Otherwise, `np.broadcast(n, p).size` samples are
drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized binomial distribution, where each sample
is equal to the number of successes over the n trials.

See also

`scipy.stats.binom`

    
probability density function, distribution or cumulative density function,
etc.

#### Notes

The probability density for the binomial distribution is

\\[P(N) = \binom{n}{N}p^N(1-p)^{n-N},\\]

where \\(n\\) is the number of trials, \\(p\\) is the probability of success,
and \\(N\\) is the number of successes.

When estimating the standard error of a proportion in a population by using a
random sample, the normal distribution works well unless the product p*n <=5,
where p = population proportion estimate, and n = number of samples, in which
case the binomial distribution is used instead. For example, a sample of 15
people shows 4 who are left handed, and 11 who are right handed. Then p = 4/15
= 27%. 0.27*15 = 4, so the binomial distribution should be used in this case.

#### References

1

    
Dalgaard, Peter, “Introductory Statistics with R”, Springer-Verlag, 2002.

2

    
Glantz, Stanton A. “Primer of Biostatistics.”, McGraw-Hill, Fifth Edition,
2002.

3

    
Lentner, Marvin, “Elementary Applied Statistics”, Bogden and Quigley, 1972.

4

    
Weisstein, Eric W. “Binomial Distribution.” From MathWorld–A Wolfram Web
Resource. http://mathworld.wolfram.com/BinomialDistribution.html

5

    
Wikipedia, “Binomial distribution”,
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_distribution

#### Examples

Draw samples from the distribution:

    
    >>> rng = np.random.default_rng()
    >>> n, p = 10, .5  # number of trials, probability of each trial
    >>> s = rng.binomial(n, p, 1000)
    # result of flipping a coin 10 times, tested 1000 times.
    
A real world example. A company drills 9 wild-cat oil exploration wells, each
with an estimated probability of success of 0.1. All nine wells fail. What is
the probability of that happening?

Let’s do 20,000 trials of the model, and count the number that generate zero
positive results.

    
    >>> sum(rng.binomial(9, 0.1, 20000) == 0)/20000.
    # answer = 0.38885, or 39%.
    
© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.Generator.binomial.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

