# numpy.random.RandomState.f

method

random.RandomState.f(dfnum, dfden, size=None)

    
Draw samples from an F distribution.

Samples are drawn from an F distribution with specified parameters, `dfnum`
(degrees of freedom in numerator) and `dfden` (degrees of freedom in
denominator), where both parameters must be greater than zero.

The random variate of the F distribution (also known as the Fisher
distribution) is a continuous probability distribution that arises in ANOVA
tests, and is the ratio of two chi-square variates.

Note

New code should use the `f` method of a `default_rng()` instance instead;
please see the Quick Start.

Parameters

    
dfnumfloat or array_like of floats

    
Degrees of freedom in numerator, must be > 0.

dfdenfloat or array_like of float

    
Degrees of freedom in denominator, must be > 0.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`dfnum` and `dfden` are both scalars. Otherwise, `np.broadcast(dfnum,
dfden).size` samples are drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized Fisher distribution.

See also

`scipy.stats.f`

    
probability density function, distribution or cumulative density function,
etc.

`Generator.f`

    
which should be used for new code.

#### Notes

The F statistic is used to compare in-group variances to between-group
variances. Calculating the distribution depends on the sampling, and so it is
a function of the respective degrees of freedom in the problem. The variable
`dfnum` is the number of samples minus one, the between-groups degrees of
freedom, while `dfden` is the within-groups degrees of freedom, the sum of the
number of samples in each group minus the number of groups.

#### References

1

    
Glantz, Stanton A. “Primer of Biostatistics.”, McGraw-Hill, Fifth Edition,
2002.

2

    
Wikipedia, “F-distribution”, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F-distribution

#### Examples

An example from Glantz[1], pp 47-40:

Two groups, children of diabetics (25 people) and children from people without
diabetes (25 controls). Fasting blood glucose was measured, case group had a
mean value of 86.1, controls had a mean value of 82.2. Standard deviations
were 2.09 and 2.49 respectively. Are these data consistent with the null
hypothesis that the parents diabetic status does not affect their children’s
blood glucose levels? Calculating the F statistic from the data gives a value
of 36.01.

Draw samples from the distribution:

    
    >>> dfnum = 1. # between group degrees of freedom
    >>> dfden = 48. # within groups degrees of freedom
    >>> s = np.random.f(dfnum, dfden, 1000)
    
The lower bound for the top 1% of the samples is :

    
    >>> np.sort(s)[-10]
    7.61988120985 # random
    
So there is about a 1% chance that the F statistic will exceed 7.62, the
measured value is 36, so the null hypothesis is rejected at the 1% level.

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.RandomState.f.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

