# numpy.random.lognormal

random.lognormal(mean=0.0, sigma=1.0, size=None)

    
Draw samples from a log-normal distribution.

Draw samples from a log-normal distribution with specified mean, standard
deviation, and array shape. Note that the mean and standard deviation are not
the values for the distribution itself, but of the underlying normal
distribution it is derived from.

Note

New code should use the `lognormal` method of a `default_rng()` instance
instead; please see the Quick Start.

Parameters

    
meanfloat or array_like of floats, optional

    
Mean value of the underlying normal distribution. Default is 0.

sigmafloat or array_like of floats, optional

    
Standard deviation of the underlying normal distribution. Must be non-
negative. Default is 1.

sizeint or tuple of ints, optional

    
Output shape. If the given shape is, e.g., `(m, n, k)`, then `m * n * k`
samples are drawn. If size is `None` (default), a single value is returned if
`mean` and `sigma` are both scalars. Otherwise, `np.broadcast(mean,
sigma).size` samples are drawn.

Returns

    
outndarray or scalar

    
Drawn samples from the parameterized log-normal distribution.

See also

`scipy.stats.lognorm`

    
probability density function, distribution, cumulative density function, etc.

`Generator.lognormal`

    
which should be used for new code.

#### Notes

A variable `x` has a log-normal distribution if `log(x)` is normally
distributed. The probability density function for the log-normal distribution
is:

\\[p(x) = \frac{1}{\sigma x \sqrt{2\pi}}
e^{(-\frac{(ln(x)-\mu)^2}{2\sigma^2})}\\]

where \\(\mu\\) is the mean and \\(\sigma\\) is the standard deviation of the
normally distributed logarithm of the variable. A log-normal distribution
results if a random variable is the product of a large number of independent,
identically-distributed variables in the same way that a normal distribution
results if the variable is the sum of a large number of independent,
identically-distributed variables.

#### References

1

    
Limpert, E., Stahel, W. A., and Abbt, M., “Log-normal Distributions across the
Sciences: Keys and Clues,” BioScience, Vol. 51, No. 5, May, 2001.
https://stat.ethz.ch/~stahel/lognormal/bioscience.pdf

2

    
Reiss, R.D. and Thomas, M., “Statistical Analysis of Extreme Values,” Basel:
Birkhauser Verlag, 2001, pp. 31-32.

#### Examples

Draw samples from the distribution:

    
    >>> mu, sigma = 3., 1. # mean and standard deviation
    >>> s = np.random.lognormal(mu, sigma, 1000)
    
Display the histogram of the samples, along with the probability density
function:

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> count, bins, ignored = plt.hist(s, 100, density=True, align='mid')
    
    
    >>> x = np.linspace(min(bins), max(bins), 10000)
    >>> pdf = (np.exp(-(np.log(x) - mu)**2 / (2 * sigma**2))
    ...        / (x * sigma * np.sqrt(2 * np.pi)))
    
    
    >>> plt.plot(x, pdf, linewidth=2, color='r')
    >>> plt.axis('tight')
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../../_images/numpy-random-
lognormal-1_00_00.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstrate that taking the products of random samples from a uniform
distribution can be fit well by a log-normal probability density function.

    
    >>> # Generate a thousand samples: each is the product of 100 random
    >>> # values, drawn from a normal distribution.
    >>> b = []
    >>> for i in range(1000):
    ...    a = 10. + np.random.standard_normal(100)
    ...    b.append(np.product(a))
    
    
    >>> b = np.array(b) / np.min(b) # scale values to be positive
    >>> count, bins, ignored = plt.hist(b, 100, density=True, align='mid')
    >>> sigma = np.std(np.log(b))
    >>> mu = np.mean(np.log(b))
    
    
    >>> x = np.linspace(min(bins), max(bins), 10000)
    >>> pdf = (np.exp(-(np.log(x) - mu)**2 / (2 * sigma**2))
    ...        / (x * sigma * np.sqrt(2 * np.pi)))
    
    
    >>> plt.plot(x, pdf, color='r', linewidth=2)
    >>> plt.show()
    
![../../../_images/numpy-random-
lognormal-1_01_00.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

© 2005–2021 NumPy Developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://numpy.org/doc/1.22/reference/random/generated/numpy.random.lognormal.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

