# Gaussian Mixture Model Sine Curve

This example demonstrates the behavior of Gaussian mixture models fit on data
that was not sampled from a mixture of Gaussian random variables. The dataset
is formed by 100 points loosely spaced following a noisy sine curve. There is
therefore no ground truth value for the number of Gaussian components.

The first model is a classical Gaussian Mixture Model with 10 components fit
with the Expectation-Maximization algorithm.

The second model is a Bayesian Gaussian Mixture Model with a Dirichlet process
prior fit with variational inference. The low value of the concentration prior
makes the model favor a lower number of active components. This models
“decides” to focus its modeling power on the big picture of the structure of
the dataset: groups of points with alternating directions modeled by non-
diagonal covariance matrices. Those alternating directions roughly capture the
alternating nature of the original sine signal.

The third model is also a Bayesian Gaussian mixture model with a Dirichlet
process prior but this time the value of the concentration prior is higher
giving the model more liberty to model the fine-grained structure of the data.
The result is a mixture with a larger number of active components that is
similar to the first model where we arbitrarily decided to fix the number of
components to 10.

Which model is the best is a matter of subjective judgment: do we want to
favor models that only capture the big picture to summarize and explain most
of the structure of the data while ignoring the details or do we prefer models
that closely follow the high density regions of the signal?

The last two panels show how we can sample from the last two models. The
resulting samples distributions do not look exactly like the original data
distribution. The difference primarily stems from the approximation error we
made by using a model that assumes that the data was generated by a finite
number of Gaussian components instead of a continuous noisy sine curve.

![Expectation-maximization, Bayesian Gaussian mixture models with a Dirichlet
process prior for $\\gamma_0=0.01$., Gaussian mixture with a Dirichlet process
prior for $\\gamma_0=0.01$ sampled with $2000$ samples., Bayesian Gaussian
mixture models with a Dirichlet process prior for $\\gamma_0=100$, Gaussian
mixture with a Dirichlet process prior for $\\gamma_0=100$ sampled with $2000$
samples.](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    import itertools
    
    import numpy as np
    from scipy import linalg
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import matplotlib as mpl
    
    from sklearn import mixture
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    color_iter = itertools.cycle(['navy', 'c', 'cornflowerblue', 'gold',
                                  'darkorange'])
    
    
    def plot_results(X, Y, means, covariances, index, title):
        splot = plt.subplot(5, 1, 1 + index)
        for i, (mean, covar, color) in enumerate(zip(
                means, covariances, color_iter)):
            v, w = linalg.eigh(covar)
            v = 2. * np.sqrt(2.) * np.sqrt(v)
            u = w[0] / linalg.norm(w[0])
            # as the DP will not use every component it has access to
            # unless it needs it, we shouldn't plot the redundant
            # components.
            if not np.any(Y == i):
                continue
            plt.scatter(X[Y == i, 0], X[Y == i, 1], .8, color=color)
    
            # Plot an ellipse to show the Gaussian component
            angle = np.arctan(u[1] / u[0])
            angle = 180. * angle / np.pi  # convert to degrees
            ell = mpl.patches.Ellipse(mean, v[0], v[1], 180. + angle, color=color)
            ell.set_clip_box(splot.bbox)
            ell.set_alpha(0.5)
            splot.add_artist(ell)
    
        plt.xlim(-6., 4. * np.pi - 6.)
        plt.ylim(-5., 5.)
        plt.title(title)
        plt.xticks(())
        plt.yticks(())
    
    
    def plot_samples(X, Y, n_components, index, title):
        plt.subplot(5, 1, 4 + index)
        for i, color in zip(range(n_components), color_iter):
            # as the DP will not use every component it has access to
            # unless it needs it, we shouldn't plot the redundant
            # components.
            if not np.any(Y == i):
                continue
            plt.scatter(X[Y == i, 0], X[Y == i, 1], .8, color=color)
    
        plt.xlim(-6., 4. * np.pi - 6.)
        plt.ylim(-5., 5.)
        plt.title(title)
        plt.xticks(())
        plt.yticks(())
    
    
    # Parameters
    n_samples = 100
    
    # Generate random sample following a sine curve
    np.random.seed(0)
    X = np.zeros((n_samples, 2))
    step = 4. * np.pi / n_samples
    
    for i in range(X.shape[0]):
        x = i * step - 6.
        X[i, 0] = x + np.random.normal(0, 0.1)
        X[i, 1] = 3. * (np.sin(x) + np.random.normal(0, .2))
    
    plt.figure(figsize=(10, 10))
    plt.subplots_adjust(bottom=.04, top=0.95, hspace=.2, wspace=.05,
                        left=.03, right=.97)
    
    # Fit a Gaussian mixture with EM using ten components
    gmm = mixture.GaussianMixture(n_components=10, covariance_type='full',
                                  max_iter=100).fit(X)
    plot_results(X, gmm.predict(X), gmm.means_, gmm.covariances_, 0,
                 'Expectation-maximization')
    
    dpgmm = mixture.BayesianGaussianMixture(
        n_components=10, covariance_type='full', weight_concentration_prior=1e-2,
        weight_concentration_prior_type='dirichlet_process',
        mean_precision_prior=1e-2, covariance_prior=1e0 * np.eye(2),
        init_params="random", max_iter=100, random_state=2).fit(X)
    plot_results(X, dpgmm.predict(X), dpgmm.means_, dpgmm.covariances_, 1,
                 "Bayesian Gaussian mixture models with a Dirichlet process prior "
                 r"for $\gamma_0=0.01$.")
    
    X_s, y_s = dpgmm.sample(n_samples=2000)
    plot_samples(X_s, y_s, dpgmm.n_components, 0,
                 "Gaussian mixture with a Dirichlet process prior "
                 r"for $\gamma_0=0.01$ sampled with $2000$ samples.")
    
    dpgmm = mixture.BayesianGaussianMixture(
        n_components=10, covariance_type='full', weight_concentration_prior=1e+2,
        weight_concentration_prior_type='dirichlet_process',
        mean_precision_prior=1e-2, covariance_prior=1e0 * np.eye(2),
        init_params="kmeans", max_iter=100, random_state=2).fit(X)
    plot_results(X, dpgmm.predict(X), dpgmm.means_, dpgmm.covariances_, 2,
                 "Bayesian Gaussian mixture models with a Dirichlet process prior "
                 r"for $\gamma_0=100$")
    
    X_s, y_s = dpgmm.sample(n_samples=2000)
    plot_samples(X_s, y_s, dpgmm.n_components, 1,
                 "Gaussian mixture with a Dirichlet process prior "
                 r"for $\gamma_0=100$ sampled with $2000$ samples.")
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 1.014 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_gmm_sin.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_gmm_sin.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/mixture/plot_gmm_sin.html

