# RBF SVM parameters

This example illustrates the effect of the parameters `gamma` and `C` of the
Radial Basis Function (RBF) kernel SVM.

Intuitively, the `gamma` parameter defines how far the influence of a single
training example reaches, with low values meaning ‘far’ and high values
meaning ‘close’. The `gamma` parameters can be seen as the inverse of the
radius of influence of samples selected by the model as support vectors.

The `C` parameter trades off correct classification of training examples
against maximization of the decision function’s margin. For larger values of
`C`, a smaller margin will be accepted if the decision function is better at
classifying all training points correctly. A lower `C` will encourage a larger
margin, therefore a simpler decision function, at the cost of training
accuracy. In other words `C` behaves as a regularization parameter in the SVM.

The first plot is a visualization of the decision function for a variety of
parameter values on a simplified classification problem involving only 2 input
features and 2 possible target classes (binary classification). Note that this
kind of plot is not possible to do for problems with more features or target
classes.

The second plot is a heatmap of the classifier’s cross-validation accuracy as
a function of `C` and `gamma`. For this example we explore a relatively large
grid for illustration purposes. In practice, a logarithmic grid from
\\(10^{-3}\\) to \\(10^3\\) is usually sufficient. If the best parameters lie
on the boundaries of the grid, it can be extended in that direction in a
subsequent search.

Note that the heat map plot has a special colorbar with a midpoint value close
to the score values of the best performing models so as to make it easy to
tell them apart in the blink of an eye.

The behavior of the model is very sensitive to the `gamma` parameter. If
`gamma` is too large, the radius of the area of influence of the support
vectors only includes the support vector itself and no amount of
regularization with `C` will be able to prevent overfitting.

When `gamma` is very small, the model is too constrained and cannot capture
the complexity or “shape” of the data. The region of influence of any selected
support vector would include the whole training set. The resulting model will
behave similarly to a linear model with a set of hyperplanes that separate the
centers of high density of any pair of two classes.

For intermediate values, we can see on the second plot that good models can be
found on a diagonal of `C` and `gamma`. Smooth models (lower `gamma` values)
can be made more complex by increasing the importance of classifying each
point correctly (larger `C` values) hence the diagonal of good performing
models.

Finally, one can also observe that for some intermediate values of `gamma` we
get equally performing models when `C` becomes very large. This suggests that
the set of support vectors does not change anymore. The radius of the RBF
kernel alone acts as a good structural regularizer. Increasing `C` further
doesn’t help, likely because there are no more training points in violation
(inside the margin or wrongly classified), or at least no better solution can
be found. Scores being equal, it may make sense to use the smaller `C` values,
since very high `C` values typically increase fitting time.

On the other hand, lower `C` values generally lead to more support vectors,
which may increase prediction time. Therefore, lowering the value of `C`
involves a trade-off between fitting time and prediction time.

We should also note that small differences in scores results from the random
splits of the cross-validation procedure. Those spurious variations can be
smoothed out by increasing the number of CV iterations `n_splits` at the
expense of compute time. Increasing the value number of `C_range` and
`gamma_range` steps will increase the resolution of the hyper-parameter heat
map.

  * ![gamma=10^-1, C=10^-2, gamma=10^0, C=10^-2, gamma=10^1, C=10^-2, gamma=10^-1, C=10^0, gamma=10^0, C=10^0, gamma=10^1, C=10^0, gamma=10^-1, C=10^2, gamma=10^0, C=10^2, gamma=10^1, C=10^2](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAyAAAAJYCAMAAACtqHJCAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX///8EMGH66d/66uH39fRnAB/x8fEAAAD57uf75tr48/D849P29/f75djz9fb838793cr57eX56+P57+n659z39/ft8vX49PL75Nb81sH58Ovn8PT48e34vKD3uJvi7fP3tJXe6/KzGSwFAQHb6vL6ybDS5vD2r47Y6fG3Ii/L4u/V5/HvmHj1p4UWUpD84NDsknPxnXzp6Od/CCLzo4DmhWkvebXt2tDG4O3qjW83g7sjaa47iL7B3ewzfri72urFPj0CAwXJR0HjfGOy1ujfdF2o0eULAQPw9PYLPHGkzuObECfv8/WVDiYIN2v928dIARURSIOSxd6fzOIaAQeXyOAPRH0NQHcBBgzr4NqkEyhiAB2PDCV3BiH92cRxAyCtFyrq8fXp8PRrAh8TTYgdYKSMwdsCDh3ZZlISAQVqrNEfZKk9ARGAudhhps7WXkxSARgKCgoGM2W7KTNbospUnsh3s9UCEycpcbGJCiT807wCChTk7vTQVUgjAAoZV5j7zrdwr9NbARobW577zLT5wqcrdLQ0AA/5xKn4v6T70Lk/j8FNmsa+LjVHlsXNTURCksMrAAwCGTLg7PP2sZH5xqz1q4rCNzkELVvc3NwDI0gEKFLP5O/kgGYDHj3oiWxrbG232Oms0uXheGCu0+afEii92+qbyeCoFSnQ0NAQDg7dcFncblccHh/XY0+EvNmECSPSWUnba1UiZ6w8PT2HvtoWFRV7ttYvMTI+jL8mba/i5OVlqc/PUka/MzhdXV4mJiZQUFBHRkWbnJx7e3ukpaXAv77uzryEhocmGBTt1cfIyMiQj46tra3X4Oa2trbow6/K2+P8/Px/Zlm70d2Xe206LCZPNixrT0PHqZnouKCnydq1emLjnX5lOy+wkH/u7u42HBfQe2GGlZ6fZVDnqIqJVELLkngYLDnosJVkeoZKIRu0MjUlSF6tvcY/VWGEq78zb5ccOk5MaXierreAPDCcPDS2WEYoV3ZwlahnJCFPf5lTj7GJJij0z7ry5Nub8IVwAAAgAElEQVR42uyZX2xT1xnArbDkEEwclxJGRu0avGyLBgp4rRBvdVEVpDIlD3lpsmT8eaklpOaKp0ZdFEWJSCIhhAggS0O70hQp16tRO1mWJavxfxNwPDOzAkIBompZhNTXve/8v/faDg0jhOvo+6XQq+T4hu8753e/75xrswEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACbQTmF1M25U9Gf9G3L6ApKNLhNJ86aob01iuko0shFmxpVUnH6PTWaURblCC0VRkvmD2mpqJJMmNPoSyT57BST/mSRXuWVxUisSX4qEVaSSxaKLh9TwhnT+GAi7A8nCqbvtSVi/lTFeC2kpsJxw6eUZLbNQhOnT0Y9hmYpcosZlmc1nNcisTK+yoaDtkJIrpxCNhc1L+uSP5UPFtSUeQLUXIzOScG/GFz0k5kgN3GkIyK9GTUfzClLlokuqKhaxl80PjxDkVJQy0ZM93ComTQNVR8fDGdt5URyReQjUQoWo6qFJk5ORl2Gtpk0JZToUgQHkIsp0QRuZ/KoFFMivlIylHDYbBFVDUUzjoSSLOECXPsJHqR5bvLnbLY4wsOWkuT5oUVz+pCw6VOOKFOjqfJOEZrIVBr/lU7gG9NbtKVSZcMYNWKZ6LLJyn9Pkq4z20rlTRI0YDnelySP6bIaM2ZgKWytiYuYV/UWhmYpEvjxkQrhXGRKwUIkTfIcKWjJSFrLR3GokRB+mqN0JqhGHbZytoCf4PgxkVM4OT3PeURyF8vW/C1mQYpIFmpxo7RhTujgdXOaSFkmOvrPLfp1fTUkHwpJfo+k4R9dNd5ENmatiTMLspWhWaqAkLLYpPBcFFATzlfeZltEeH+g4qxH8EOhrOCnuU8satIYNQU5TXqec35ynVY3IMgiks8hcaO4YU7IE43frsYO0F+yTHT0YVlAPoP5mriMmwJjq6hqvOlxHspYa+LMgmxhaJZCQyRM0m7irbSi4CzkSZQZhXtPsxQm0SM8IZlYVPHHalfqWnmO4+fM4ksFqTUnTBDF9JM0f2Bp0UXLRFe9KnL6KqpV9mqtIhWniKYqmbDQxFULsoWhWVMQRzSRD5ZonvHqzYRMeV5ieS4qS1pQjW28Upfxc2ZlU1qsOHtgadGsdaLblBbLh1PEFlHZQhO3KS3W/xuaNVusAkl47uV5VunuOVa7UtM7+VBpAy2W2KSv1G6x5Ca9elW8mh9vOrqXbdJr9SHV46X/r7yI3vzErbtJf9OhWXOT7vNng8Xky/O8FCoFs6GKSr2ilVBO87HTwnSsRjLaNLywNeNLjyI95s1WOKBpsYSmGY95q/xI+DCWiW69Y97FSGVgqQgJrHq8XETp+KsF9sYnTkzG2wjNese8pL7mwkrkJyp1WyIUUitPJDKIkCXvm0LifVNlq0uIkKEy2+RFoVrxvpUOI52V/qKw4jBEjrBIdPmYn74dyyMRCnubVtGuh+lNDOMrYb8FWWniRKrfRmiWw7FFpwzZyDaNLpMs2yC07YmWC+JKvbIlvytS2KbRJYrbduLeRmjWEiSmhNIaRPd6lCE0AAAAAAAAAAAA4LV3YPGmeiRehtC2Z2hWI47qkziEtj1DsxpN6F//WJe4wCf5jHGccI9wh3Af8+TJkxeE1dXVp5ijR0/85cMPb936AfP155/fvv3Ft9/+6bvvrnyM+QizsPAjp/PHzs7OM1U0otHhgd4+NPilt693YPgqGsbDxGdQ00ZCu3f8TXGvijtm7tOc8LxQXug8RldxaIHutX+TGIdH0fd8DBm+sdDuHLcKevg4xtWH3kvj4xe6Qz88ozH2eZdf4LDIT/GYjYRmPUH+efCXjIMHrx289v619zFffXXgwIFzZ8+dPbtv375Tp045Tjl272772c93vbfrvV+8u/OdPQ0Ne5tb9tvtXa2tzp6h9pGZsYmOjuvTLpfb7Zn99Y0bRz44duwwcQRLcvKvn3zyt6//jiWhjly5coU5cvPmzYWFy5cvX7x4ES998qez81DnIc6Z7tFGQl/f1cAAubjkPYNH4vELCzc3KMjxHXtegx0N4ouwl9Dc3NzS0rKfYsfh4wRgWnESnPQvp7OnZ2iovX2kfWRkZoYlBf83NTU5jXG5SH7c7qfoAgloIPAoxGIcjU5PTuGBExNjY/c3GFrzW0bmYT9dBk5n+8j1afcy6iUBjXufoUs8Rtdkx1j7EM6P/V6dCiL0YFy7xhUhjmBJsCGnT59yOLghu5ghO3RDiCDYkNqCnMBFhAjC/PiC+vGx8MOgB5WDekG+CINonC6eXsSWU+OA9zzxiDqyYUFehwbJ3gZuh1gWdjuXo5XhZG5gOXAu2qkdY2NED5wUoscklYPagRP0oJsa33gBoWF6MYyeY0GYIXUgSIsRmgyyCtrHJl2eR32NTPmAV8S46prqmGnvcbZ21bcguiNSkUpD2qghrITs0AVxUkHG8FqYNApy+DDvsk7KAiIFqfZD2CEZQCzV42IVNXaPM0EubrkgFX7YhR/r64H9mJjQ9aDVg+vh8Tzmqwi7z1bRAPq+fgRpaakpyBAWxO15yEoiLveBRu7+Wt0L8huKyRKDIueYIrjNEjWEGLJHLyFO2WNdxw9KLsgHBkFoh1Xpx0c3DXqY7JhnDHIvZAUZR+cPHepkjnRuqSC0gAg9zMXD6RR9FXVDFI+JCVY9iB2Tem9F7PB4Zh/wp+slr6wga9NUkA6rC2LwQm+waKM9xCpIoLKCeFe3iSBmRQxVhG1ETnNBuCHvUEMMPRbtt3VBDBWkRodF/VhgflwUfkg7+ilzbA8y0DfK9yBXvfOHmCGdWyrI3gajH/uNxUPXQ9hh0oNXD9FdeZgfHs9TL+vPu59F+T7r7nR9CFKhh13UUrITbZ+Zcnn4HmTY+8wr9iDu6esTI+14D1K3gvyWYtJEd4Tt1s+yNmu3rCGGJqtVlBAqiAuvAllBTmBByBaEdljYj28NDRatH7K74nL0C+bm5sgp1nhvn3fwS2+gd3x4FA2coSaRj5zZXEHMe/PqCmLWw2CHXjp4X8UaKyJHhR1uYQeuILPkFGu8NxB6uoz6aIzPp+uhxdLtsJvoYkc1Ix2khLBTrLsn/0unL6DoHZa9vgXRHTEoYjbE0GTtZCWkmQjSKgWZkoIcqRLkNhNEHmCJ/kpWD1k6BOcDCKG+wf7+b0bxRWCADOKKbKogVadXJkH2SkF4O8H8qNZjzFA6sB20uarSYxbrgXkQwhE9XPN4lu/ii7vPXfUgiNmPLiOtdCc6cX3aPfu4GyHvo1tHj/6Hxeie7BgbGXLWsyC/opg00R2RipDzXoesIe/ulE0W2ab34DWCe6ypSSrIrFkQvAURZ7yGHfplffuh2zE39ynh95+y/w2e/x29mPvmj4Nz/f3z81yRzRNknQNeUwUhDZbcfhjtqN50iMrBt+ViYy71kNxYXl4j33F71pbX3K5pdszbYeljXn1PbpftJT3e5gV1aGSMHGS+WF5+euPIEbwGlklokxMz9JC3y17nghgkEYpUGnJa36jrL0OYIEP0oHdKbkJeIoj0wyAI82OO+0HcYAhV8E+oQEQR+onNEWT9VyBSEL5Bl36wlx5i32E8sNIrh7CD1w63sXYImDF0gGuaCMK3IDOWFcR4ZiVSMNTTIxwhT0liyBRdAjw61yTpr1j9qF9B/swxWqI7Yuiz9vH3IeSFoXwZsl+c9OJtOs8OE+SYLoi+BRE7dL4BMeshzPgD/jJhkGSeNlrzmyDIT7wl1Hss3Y+uLpMduhuypzKq4THtO/7HzfnGRH3fcTxYLz/qgYBovXOCJueVxECEIJk+IIvR7sh0oYFrYorgionsklvU+KABJyEGAlzSGOxB3ayy1ooNOodG3YMF23V/WfZgCRPshlIXg2myp+uDJUv2/fz7/rk7VHQ7PT9HEVIRfty9fu/35/N9f79UFRUVDEhSAFF/2xKQFxYQ7a6oIw/irSGR6Aq2CSNkJMBqw/iOLGMP4QF8BApzFJC/bsZKZYQRMYS0t9saYvp0y2MNUxOSCRCeYWkBec/WD8tcUe3T5SLCIvKDrAOi+SgSc6XEQy8FDmdwVWlwVEixgiQJEPiSwT4BJPGCA+KXVfMEXXtvb1cQEWFC2uQX0wupgAT8T+bDHwh8O6cB2Ww4cRkxPkuPe9cstyZZfiMhtBKCTYhETVxAzAhL+IBX+9ut8aF4LatHSnUaSpARQuTtZwXEpaHEKY2I6UDEWeBrgNSD6LBmVTYXSXFUFQ9mZ+88rHDKEZBUPrr+8GICInyQfoCV+tv07Oz0131h1WMEG3UvoocXYL9IW4AOhUdhzgKyjctixELEIsTqQyyTFdCi26OXCmnOuwggWkBYPy4MebHuiBc3fHTu65SyhcQQcuEZAXkUH4IISwgJiPFXbXyTBG9FIau0SZXRi7tTXlRd2vQIlg2IzYcyWJzESnS9+IBAr6Ge6IfjXjQaiswPhHvZRhVJtKC42O7gCY+A+vpcB8RAYhOyKSMh1mKINekNmyYkHZCrmQABAekPvYmhncPMR2dq2YiQzXpGQB6NhyHEBcSYCIohhgUPgiNpo0FEjEzFDvt8LUPeHH8+woDYHcggCsgwC0jw+QLCo9xFsok4v1JmITHc9/WR6Amf70R36MuBcE8XrHMUmZmvLvWZ4SNnFaR+rJ7LxkQgsUTEdOq2yXpVS0iiVzyWHmO5gJx0ZrzMxz6OkgxFbDomqAwjncQIicjuZwBkETjypTQiFiBmdCPJZXUvwGVR0o2kYaLKqjmOkkRnRixCXAGx9UPx8RwVpDC1FhWQ3r6y6dAJSgPcGaRBFVspvXioPyI6CnNYQeqdMkKSRsiPrWmvzHoVIIWSN+nqJQl5HCA8w+IJVgsn9g57+4mPCaFDIJmwZIRs1jMAkpGPfLeIEPJYuAgigJhk/zCNtMvRUhEdgMRWfMdVdY+TSXHvbpUhhAUkTT/AYAWfn4IUZqjMgCTCg+WSShy6WTaAcfZi6TX8AZsNg0fOKsjH3+EagyI5sWXEGK0NGhFqQ1asB0JgkOUnCYHF9D6aY8kYq65uMUCkQz8RktznAZaOWlUT/MCPWUnYacGw62kByUCHxqIUyzCySgMSMHwEMdc/wKEazJ2NaCZqUuqeju3eBXAMIDYfNBAN08wn2PY8ATEJxEAKIymAlJXfH+LY7ngZLZXTKJe+NOWfkH8nRwH5+0dUGpJ6CxGHkPeFEIhl0ay3tGSVLKerV48kehEQakLSAZEWRCa8tZRv8/WHapkPAYNrolbM1v8SEBePUruYENgytSxlZxgGBsRdWXgoGirVm1M1NQu8p6X7JipLlQ3IRjJYrB/hXtKPbAOyWvaBmSyNvvVbhBSmKcgd3tMSm2UFAUDSqHAxy3FAPrJA0ZA4iFg2y6wXliwzhCRIQnCOZTzWeVhJdwE5agFyIYpp3cOhfuBDqGiVN42JqAggsu/pAEnFw6FjnZRAwoQgIJw2gkGE5AUwUcNsQHIZazsWf1I9GuluQQFZAMMlhCTNCkg6H43ZAwTZkEm2XurZwo21P+3lLlsH27p6Bsoe0o7BuDffN9zLYcTMfJhvmKuA7DKlGRmznNaH3IogIEyIbtRL818xy+ldRkLSATm0GCC1kchQvDsUrU3hA6u2lSiZYKNFIvJ0gGTmw6VDM5IOCEcyh9leJQ0eRMaoemzH/+id4uRBKNYf7/ZmKmsMIRoQcFjUoNOEF/jIIiCCxzLLR27R06cMiDhTrLJpL9ofj3rQo0sYMZ0P9zvmKiCf6Nq16xP1IE40JJs1Ips0IsplrWSXVVqiCcEwTpgmvSPksaAJOY/7pVIB0Xzs3j0Rj3ixN6E3FzxSylYRbESeBpBM5spox3qnkBEmhAHBtIDigwOZsq24ktioq4MDKnTVYSlM5mYjoamFamW3GBFFiFGQDHwUZwkQpkNimSZUh0t8tKyRgogOmrTBQmHf/GwoNDPXJ8sgGCZZZEac44B8LMWQ7HIQsXyWIaSdh70wyoLQIvfpmFjEjbcb4fZqNSEEyKQB5KgFiFIEXBokQJRktDqI4OeiIqQhnUsHZFE+NB0rpAgR1BCUkELJm2Egc9AJLFcTHWd3phRRMsqGq5IIcQBBhyUGqycRRIOVLUCEDzmeQj2DcrpAF3i9RhMQ0YgEdNIEcru4SqrwpoX0IgPI4lOAHAXk4nedIlI0JGPotEhFrEYEclnssko1IfASYgnZqONYo7ClkLp0GxBbQb5P6x/MB9d+LPWHqyJks5YMSAZzZWvHirRSiJRKpp/ururVk8A8tw6byZ77nbBp8o1Lut6AOn8eKGFICBHUEPBYBEh52eCAzih2MR9ZAUTjUYK/BQhmrw4UNeJC1oAq9RN1mRCV39leyxpCUc0eCisyS4/mI2cV5OL3uGxINCJMCLYi0qorDYFGvYGGvetgMYTuso1GQpLisRCQS2mAHE0DxOgH4dGKj/34IXcjDEjnkgHJ1HwYPjQVa7EEEdEQAYRWQsE/VpiLq1N04Kb7y9d0Xb58GSlhREYVItWVRAhoSIVRkAGTwSKDVVyUPUCAD7j+dfAMrg4UBxN8Lo36udA4Ndqrf2aPrQz0qCyteQwguaogTQBHczO8wwejwpCg02IVsXr1b2kNWbteE4L9Ww+5EPQgldim79xJTcjVq5OyDiIKIg4LBQSHu4wHC4gugwi26hNLA8Tlg/Fw6FBcLLcKMUGbhbteEBAKmw3oS6uu5iON6MiWK4d0XbnyQ1WKE9YRUBFbQ4AQVhBriZA3V2QBEOQD5WM93hNW5OevWu1v6xkuo8FcVcXG8kGdIOEMCWMiiGCsoDi9WXn15VOQpmanjJoQIpbP+tAQQo06aMhymGSByVIS8uV1z/v8NiTZ7kW8m7NTnjfzYPvoWdOEUJduFMQFRPORigdoCdss6kOWBkg6H2SvUvFYowsQsQ848hfNz3je9XnqTb0pdWmh2TmlHtaJRqYEkmuXL5GM2IRoQKBJN4CwgGRFQVg/gA91zV/98efejl//3h8M377vefdnx73IvYfJ8jIkpM3sGRRGIEXi5K38T8hHrirIwYtONcPD0hHjtGjiS736BtKQBswtCiG3vWOnznV4d4bnIzjdDMXjUW9h+1njsQSQ9xwFsR2W7j4OmLJFhDRkSYA4fKTjAXAoJgrc0meAYdzM/5nXce7UMW964LYXi6tLi8T7Y6EH1mb7yZNwZCTW5OTk8ePIicXIKDciipARkRANCDmsxqwBYvgoWPnV9R3vqkvb8bueO14UnrBYvD9y5B8jSRQRnB0EeeugBQmBsiUlbvWY75urgLzlFELSbBCxVGSbadXf36A1RPXpZLL+4r2bp+qcd3s8Skt/Qz5fvzdX92SAKHHABoT044DzSCGks3YJgCzCx7r1RjwEj5VchMhyCdMsW/0b7xxc2ilvPjRE2ZG4r6U7co2EUZ8XKQWUICIgI0RIHRFSQ4QIIHTg6HMBRPUfK9auWdnw2x0/VVd2uuPIPIVG+73DvpbY1NYRtFnws6nCRUzpNuy0ld8ZdD0my5KjgNx4K60IkWZERBktakXG6rcZQmiUhcsha0RCfrb3NLyK8jqmOMTaH2qBw58gr8hNCC+EcNQEmnQLEFYQSz98+OYQQhLyNICIv0rhQ+Ox0qmCAitMs+z6Mbyy03tn+Dy0aAxOsvsXT6/1aXhYGpHjRIgSkfPKZlGrrgixJIQB6bEA+VNWAFEdCAlI+028q+Wd8T7nZCWcR/amN6caEVC4MFWvvXnWryEJpIVSXkIF+UVT00HrAWVRohlRiNTX62nWJoq/g4YUCCHXO/BXnXdqhz52UoHSfb/OSMhJ3YS4gFgtCPOxXwhJsVmcznpiQFLHV7a90nQgEg0Ne6Bew/dykCRoiCJk/BRdWgefNu2Lw8GosX+bffYffIBncd+6BX8yJigjwIhCZCciQi5LCGFAwr0WIMX/f0CoRVcOa+2agj0/IW3Myzt2pJ/zufDseQs1VUrneJMkNkx9et+HM/lNyzW+dAryo4NONTVpRhARNFpEyJghZJOlIRDKUjfaV74QQI5EJMR6AgAZhWaWAKFN6bd4jIVj3jRAWtFfCR2OiPAoS/3VpQJSYulHJj4aAI/XrAJEKLIM/pFvswqQqJw9y4DINns8aJgKIUFElIxwKwKEcKteQ4shKCHaY2VTQbgFAYdVsOdXAsjecc7ndkfhsOCFyq0wTUgmeZ9LxcZyDF3Zsd0lApKrCvLLGyl18IZwApBYKqJF5PXXcZZFGkIr6oqQP3tnyId8wfncbvAhoYXtOA1V7eyhQ5Pf/OefdhOC6yCWxWIFYdXwcVkiwiar9QlfRRnGV7o7X2vUg9h45512VXA6RTudlNdAicx1+as+I/d4xrvH+dwY+pBvJDwDwE/UfsrnouL52v/l7mxjorrSOJ6Cs4f60vKiWFARvWUVxQhBsvrB1BHpNUHjpN4P1UEtkCxMc7cMUWsAd6I3YwataEcKpSCiUtSCUiW71E3UriJ2WburCasouyuBEDZd+3FXExJ29zznOefcOzP4QiNu8KoxEj9wuPc3/+f/f55z7hWABBihhRZVkRZmRDKgzOJGnRMiJeSlpVgWCzJ1XexF/FirJddwPteAM0N1MpDKQmmIs1fUDw5m0G+7OtE8JHFURF5RBfnm68CLMSK0xCTkXQshR60+hGe98RGb2svqwO7Z7/eolBCnj7o+w9XcYPYKh1U4InEETQgF5IxsFAYBss3KBxLCjQh2Q8YISAAf8cF8rF3L6ZhlufLyzBg7PuqmvYASUlfW/EM720TrocWjW+2CY1o47w6FLs3TJE8PZoiYKtLahkYECElLk1lvkIT8PwDpJLvo0mrfv9iLm2hdimFzKD0r2PxYSsqKjMZ+ujSlv37FMiDEy7Z+BFn0t15pBfn4V6EX4wQhsaiIxYmgD2EawvqFLMq62U7KCuzFfVtv3yUujf5YNRch7fQjCCWkcJhoDreukhHThIQAYnHotkBCrBLynIBsCrHnEg/KB8ODllaUDgbH7t1zLRfuwF+L8hjeWWwvKCPt98vhGAaN4NL6ofGJbU8/8TjcPkXJFuejMkiEilAv0lrYJry6VUNMQl5aJ110CRkg9LPhezss7fffxfUVs6UpGv0Y+ze4pdQVDfUthRrxu91+orVlpC6rTtjPNCQg7rXkWK+kguz9JvjijAQiQgkxnYhw6vPoc5TLnyLqZv/7/dWrd76DfnrfvS6i6x6PrpMhMW7SSpjDNVTXaC6dNdJRQYIFhAPCNIRPwI8ZEDFcYuUD1GMd4wPwACoqK+eZr39g5xyxHHt2dNgf79Cl/cdbNad6sKeYOHwej8NPfgT9AD5KcHeEm/jNA1IpIlJFLv+6yCREtEOohrCoVwCCEvKyAIlBQOjyv7h+9dvOsNe3en/o7lFUh9/jd2hKKjtyo76xdRjrZQcZbsxIWfaZ0BDzXN7n74RMUEA+/HiUi2NCKWGlFlcRExE2d7KQWXU2+w6Bz+yYcD6VQQlJKuZ2Vu0SEjLM63edPKKEJAeYEHTpW6wSYnuKhIwJkBD9mMnKK4YHq60YHIAGO5JYnkzMx5aB/pjosGlT3oTzoPYnVv8daaBOtn818EFX4ufpr1+R59sBJFRFBCIs8kVEmA/BLAsJKU9i04GMkHFXEJwzoQLCUl74AcTCZ0BE2Jtx3nLeC6GkD8Fdy2wpPOzikaTLVXQ2M3XZgoRyeJlBpDzcR/TYn03ItAkLyN7gizPCEPmtqSJCRKAlYmoI76hDJYJnnODJSfwpsnmKxcRiv9x8HlRjrZc1ljXFsoUQYkrIWAAJ9B+Sj6mcD1APicdC8xI5HYvp4qPCXqfrotzvS6we4BkEdeqYWM+f79JE+ptjnt7FCamgddbq1ZdNQixO3cx6vcKFjD8gFgEBQMBqzZgcE740sjSpm3+G2UhPSmpDfVZb0SqFh1t+5XBrVkbKksT9SXviNoiXam2wTmO9otO8H+39MPQSmAAlkhGzznpHWHWYOsEdhkBIhEnIHvGD1ZrTuIQ85MeXOAjY9O1SQiyAPFFBTAnBqPf5AQnVj0loPwQeVD4AjoULFy9e/HPrQd58pCYvdu3UyUjIhlJveeIC/g5Om03xMwGhq9B4sO0j5skSFBJEhKkIxlmtrCXCfAiLe5kNwSpL+PRxBiSYj1zI69aChEybEhl3h7d4DfIA7Hlb0eUr/F2qNo+yihLSkFbNCBHvCyot5QePPsd+qYmqIDs4E5fwCkbELLSsTgQ0BKuseXz/1M9uddyKiIgWRdaBu3hwkpt0DaVmDA4OZDY+5qKiKSM/XhlJH0n+IH3Leqix1ufkG/nnpYQ8UUEsvZAxARKQX0l7LvmoNPE4elQeLyknBmblzv1Txw0YCKcSsqcqYcGSZnzllU76RyroGjZ/cMaNouJUVSO9xGnk56Q7nSXZTVREzqRvaQokJEs4daiyzH6h98DL2JMeXGD9ubPjKyiRZ0yOh/WVKoiDnzwYbPjb0KPLhyt8KCoG8YysvvxoaGDJP+709QIZB2739fWy0nADP/PnFd1RuOPSRyGXAIVBgioCjJgiwsIsjHvhGcqL7TxHCDnXKQmJu08gEPWx98dDBNo/0Eh9u9NmwNtwFMh7VfiyP2dzk8HSX+f5oEbIC1EQKSBSP2R5BXiw4urthQyORYuWL1++cuVKcWIFSuS8yj/Am2Au3ginErK1NCkhsXqQaG6IeuGy08Xo2dmq4nDa3BBvKQpfMPHlZDe52RopIuBEIM0qKixkVh3LLOnUgRDUkHEFBDeCRIsEa+5x+u2T33yVC4RET39raeQ94jdshiZumnlLeKgAACAASURBVDpc0aRAZu+QN6wY/nQneW/fg3/19IothUunTHlGQ2SiKshOZGKHvCQkiAgUWmhGLGUWOHX+CLEoq5MU1NbUFpDOKF5kxZX2KfCwaG6n20PB0FVtoKWL/pAJ8RiGrrjgy0dqjr3vWu8kHvbKeed5Oc0bKiHmvMmYADEHTLh+TJoUzAeVD4EH5UIeEiY+AN6+TnbV1dSWFd8Iow9QnHdOYvWye7gO+l27iIMuxpOdrjIyfE7DRzx0MeRYzRG7tl6nzxv9T2rT9ismIWeREGiqQz+Ea8jLAIRvlIICC/Qj76r9SB29Bee+oD59ZhTLIa6xpfnod60qbroYR3IJu4+KDjfMR79sr6s7Qq5V3VV09q613iTZX39WU33CArIj9DIZ2SsQCSCEO3WosqAMqTyH/diCc1FcQiDI6r5L0Lx6VCe8Wz6r5fFDDatcVpN47DWv1dgdqh9f96g9TUKEglATD/9nLIAEGhDe/lgXa+WD43HqnRMnTsjdxtjv+YudzWHVlF2jLoTWWABISsaDLiK+a1iMLSfH8KhYVOpsHLYM+u4OdCuG6kiu4IRcuFCETj0DfAhO9rKOumgXjiMg/ByTcBh0BwG5hWMmdfbj4EIiMIfohYAeW+p+WExT8nynXxXvUaX3Ud0FE9vd4j7eqeIzWlYJGZ2RCQrIwR07d9LfO3ceFL/hkphc4jICiJhe/eQaWWVBlPUvUssHFm7xIguiXu8dnvcwHPzNmVlthV3c82ka1LX0Bu1SeHLiINuCCckfPeZ9fgUZlQ8eXwn3QcsroAPgWLPmy5PmrmOWRSy6bscZ5WPkF2HTqISUJ3y2JC21oUdm1vRvzZ9DHZTC018A3gFjNwWqfN/zfAx8oSWCPUM0ItgPYRoiiqzxAkSe8hMejXO8sXnf4ozya7va82LfmBEjXFa/KnIrWMzw5xXbm/h9NAAdH4HJrXae23n691UlBYxoPfncn4kKCBJx0HpZGbkkvYhFRN49KbIsVqd3EHyKakhHDBZZ7AwgMzXU4VHKbDxbqFlnRuHD+Rjh6a9BhAsJJYQ3CvN/KiBivH2mxZ/vluXVIioegAfQwfYf414YJOQ4f4pqyc3o6VRCqpiErDAza/pJ6tcoIFtE+qt5YDG1wL48enRzskkIz7LAh+DkItOQfTzrHRdAppt4hEdHcQeSJ6ZLjxEOCLR6vOXtMrOmeGsPV6/6fISHWzb4DHDAvS4olkeP4sFYgRNaoxMyQQH5FJk4FPBLYoKMsFLLWmfx5wfKLCDEoiCzkRB2RGWQgtRnZp0NUZAjpoJsKQklJOD6KQoCDt1sgAj9gPqKu3NaXZ0COgCOjRtxQwzr+2Ap+U+pIJtiqE+P9O5jEhKiIOlPVZDN2BNhLREeZtEyq4FnWaAhol/4wgEJgCMaPi8w4c2dZSqIKLEi4w5UzQlSkNaiC4+fpiBzqH0y5+BDNlFN/JMVP6FwjHZxRrDSCiLk9EYzy2JRVrvwIDCTBUUWRL2lXkUzdJ9ucA+SkTnU5RK1q8vjDvQgmmbZly4HTqx4jL2THpxgISAs391dKflYSWurk4DHaYrGe+/xQU1c5Jq/Sg8yaXZU2JQ394CEpKUOUPtNl8Y9iDOnxOFShAdxeQyNeRAdq3mnqvOWCIZZ4NR5yzBVaohIsl7wK9gC6QA84mfTzwn6Q8idZfEgb0ydHI0hRHnCINHdPp+De5DHLW3DmsI9CNH83IMMifvYjYDgZirzdIfR9hlOUEB+d+jQp+L6hF7yH5wSJiOMEUuddZpb9ROnVrKsp0OkWOwcIEoIi3pLuwkLRSDFcjUP1LsgPFR0p6ErLEVkKVaTSLHycwIJ2TYKHlxAxgaINeHF+gr8+Tx059R9nKC1FdABbHxtDmz+Ehn5H3fnHxPVlcXxoEtuV1nQ6mpVQPCJuMpEiGjE4I8R2zEF4gSnyYSRRSQRxzyWIVvBCk50Ujq4dbcOKuvqatZa1GhZYaOITW1BN9mybU2T3YLuUgw/SqmIRhCk/kj2nnN/vAu4CSTzDz7/MbdjM/e9+bxz7vec+719XMX6MvhnoTTJmkVDSLQpJqGbi9VMxcpAqcdiBRULZ3zs6EmzM9OLepDTUpXMCutQV8eluoghCTKGCEL8Coj0T0QHrNliGcZFvLnXhYoFdRBcYYGziamGTQ1VrKaEDqZGWkHFwqcGKlaTCVQsh25p+DGslCm9G9VjpZa8yMphnAKSaLChXJIRI4yohOBPh2VZTA29weog6AMESRarp3+LsjoWQxrbYp3E6wh0wc8HaiQOHPZVzJsXCEO2TKiny423xsZ0sf5QABl9BBlWApECL12AGHysp9kVza3Stl2+mHuloKBgXwFWf3CedJp3Qfqvu781JWjSKxNeA3ecCJpjtcBksKhD9ORkjWIfiC3vxObhw+7AzEwdu+AzUlMrBCGfqYTw3l7QspjWG/WuPwHhqhXgAaVBoVHIBs35rA7ypyDKx1TsFIgqCS+Pa4XJYFHH0pLQRqAO4sWpuUWt51a86bsWrIN8H46AMNcifk2R/g6ckHEOCCPiKr0S+QV/F5yojBiIiKU6RYTXCxY/uvF1MWvto3d7IiuG1PDCrKXjh7iYDl5Jp3HExhsznlTASWxb0jOyM7j9z0hzE9W3QWxLHy0gagsv+3UIPiIjOR9rTq3/kOLB6dgnWwpoTlmQm4uI/Le9/f7iyLlbNwTxnj4aQtpEW4AtI33eOZ1X0qEUwoaJ7mFIu1zZ4JeanJxupFnrRJqF9RCWZfFqSJQfAZH2cNPo/HncULr6wYYcKun0gU2bOmE666QJj45vFm0BrQN/WxbXICrpFjGsdZxAK9WEjo4fyqNRXkBzenZm/F5xNvTIDq1xCsjKoXAkKpQMQ0QJItukmHXqjKioRc5lre/Q1/sqFkNuy9aeZlM8vdWiF0sOe9HmXXS9pw41bxjhjsXtscYKiNqCFYwLdBSwDD7eQD4Aj307PuUlU5pT7oBFF30VbHrjo1WLFiw8NGdG8MzZE0M2/g5CSKcmJlNBJ2CRvVhScfAGsroNmnm9Az2Mon2RF0QghpxOkjEkgidZ/gNkuuy7Av+rYKj8sLYz1qwMrZhZ+LggJwZZBQ7+oOsrcS6WV9v++rJ4TfRiEYsQt9qWGS5f5ejDCMYTe/fyM7GjpHPpMEPS8QqIRGKlvBRMWLoFjOzkoi9FBEsiPM3CasEIQrAYckfKvB3lpvgGqYzKYffvJSHpeAy0NMhSgshwPDLGAsg0kXrPHMbHQuQD1Ks3N3E8KB1vG3o3vBAgilxOO/vm+jMrFiyMBEKmvRby672l4Yc7LbI1+be/mqdJZVRq1r7AQNEbwwhJTa5I37KFEsLlXthE9bpBSDTWC0uP/MdfgChtibAmLz4EU16BvQJMfJx/aE5W0MxQpGNySAh4toNCF9MkJ1P9cVI8Ed28xCk068doQcG7ZaLZrq9ScWoKs1U9AofqbJwy1NJ6nAKyejgdQymBOCII2WkQYohZSgzB7VO88x3u+m0p8zZTQBqlMip3HViHbS1MlSbWzKNXiSLSxhreyGMBZPbsISt0nmDRXwuLH7A853zQ2LETFD2x+qLTBUK2pW366NSqRYvnz83a8MvQny+hmXpYRIeczD0KiFPsBxHBkeVcI2JIOluHyBjCyiEshKCSVeI3QDB+CD5SsubAhFetgfcByitrVvyZZo1ZQZNwqws7OOrdI/tphhXbwg+P8jmrt5+O08R+ECLn+Ffm9YV7v+L4phY47BfPhDBhc8B+4+BCI8kat4AIIlYbl4RkpRFGGCJvP+3p7XkG65Cfumoq+356cL3vPsSQ9rqa2vb2+vovvr5UWfd3/l5qRHnQ4SSWhubOJuK2+txeWKWzYRv57I/3nujWpVVW3bV5iAtphtXnc3m8bq+DcTL8qJDRAoJFdCOAbDD4WIx8QPx4Kw3wgOjxsLerZzlkm4OFRYWDg729gwcAkb5KOrW79fXtN2ora7/6RQis07/PZ9sjNaL5nkOXktXt9sIq3cYSdUL/m9ftc9EZ69n0C78jY0iyR7c+f97d/eQxXYYYhLC2xf2lfgKEt+1CU0lwytbim+311++mnU27WPCgsqbrad+l63c/XLVg/s2/VFZev/2v+lt3vq2rabxTCkXQWL68shLN0j3QUsN2hlpJPoslHs1ZXT3whH79/u7u/rYEZPswGt7HNbc0tdDn3NT5XbRi8CAX6uMUkOUj6BiKiRFGgJADXcSeYyc9V3K7iLnITmAXOrl75t+VxGKzEE3s187/cupE+ma6ne/UXV6NOGG4yEzoh+hvyEmB0V1WJ+le+1zTYHc3/FtrhXESgssY9r7gKJ2qMQAiAwgrgYDCixWQBahfsfV5LoaPZ4U4mZ7E1Tl0jvTLFhUR88PfPMtn31rs167855TdNFfvgA32PrY5nRSBMIcfonPFffc6XY/g7m4YtmII2QyAnHMZw/3VvF4IhLAQElbiN0Cw6wq6EjdkFd9HtwD704JndmKHLwsb7B8temTGJ8PvtUYaw8IpICdaYIO9mw2b4dPsqWps3z0ZuNYt74ilIxYbytDPuwkfGB3WLM3R4fuP4OZcJYSMW0AED8vVS4WERxFApNd8EsvKD3pI2dGAIvCtPFpI2msxa9Lpu8fj1lyBVu38K4yQSyAWuuDIeVJm14TZiY791N3rnhOfI9DNhz0ihmzOBkHRh8M60VU6mL/7qAGZxgERASQla6usgCh8AB47D5TZ2WQGC8nJgKN2O7NoeZqvGRYtNPnQSd0SXKc3tzJNlw6TYzhHNDvx4dT0bB1kYCcO+4hHEuKAYRsfHlCqIaxtMWy/HwGZ+Crn46bwm3lopw/sOOEWLfc1/mTAosUJc7wVFmGKWXahH4CgTwY0+WNsjjbNE4hd8JaBD7rpHXFoThy2tLFaTkxMbIum09CJw26trTwi7AhsPQyZLEPIeAXkRXiokBiIHDy4ktWVAwrt5hzoLGEdJjl1XN1kZqPYavEVlAvp4u+bRpaW06yDLz3cFljEtg5c+2Bdq5P3L2DKW4HbbykhPhz2comYHzK1VDlmaiyAhIYqTYpGAOEJ+dm0bRdzd3xK+XgoJpNDsEWMm3x1qSZfrNXimymzQO6Jb+NLDw8x86UH2GW5iM+TmZnNHDzFMB5sAkmWzc07b0ALbsCKOgshYhXiH0CmS0CCU+bM/UJMpgzbQ4XJV614MvhVob1ao4uQuITT19YO8KWHi5jZHB3MLqvlcfWetfBXL2sbcFhagG84pLGNfUIMm4RH0MsByPL/d6mZFo0hg7wr8TiBn1OZXXS78SWrB26zFwQe7RL2ZNHlX75QDYlURsGRtAGsrFkTo4M/iyohZbFbLYY9/MDbDOOgwqpRAzJbBSQFJazI+SjxigByObeABpADf+gxJgN9VNJHVVNsIlkH2edMyDIlCIXHLRQe5kgKWaEHmxjlcAYHpAq70qRgeo3vMGSAoJDlT0CmwgpkxpxIwxTWDH1UwibSrNpEstfanZIIU+yJ6nX3xLZiJxEyrxMo6d+eV92PTYx82GdDwBMSlnWKG4TD5+Ojw0uids96CQDZxVF4j167lD9wGXEEEbn6/iAJUAAptItOV/5rdiAgeL9roVwIhJiHS6CsAbYhr3oPA0QOV51LZ+sQxo0QTD3GgeniNOgxAaJ2uXOJFzrcDT72gXj1fq9s28V2VfGbIhbVaBhtOT+fTENISXh0jDCm8JEhDbA++j0RELdURjMRkM2pS1VurOQxhBC2ChFC1o9+AmQCAyQoeEaxAQiBB8aTgIBC48kACT6Y451ZUeHlMRfy7kljCinzwpfW+i9sz+sXH0e4nIB40omkpE6VG6+Fe2i9NIAgD7uGXO9JRiQhiSIPoa9ZIw8JKMzn91NXXrOTQtnWkBphiE4U0/dAZzdY9dqUPETXKljBMDlVzUN0+uNSDktnp6WPGpAhAWTDjBkYQLCGvgoUrLNvbbt4Zd8OGj8OXh0Uk7FjHsKbeOlq1jU8e7wBQlZp2GEpgVrEC4KZrVopyZlKwkGHl3JANqvDPucetFyE00P8DogRQYojpe9+EQZHYVV/fohVPWaP/5iyuzQiPunjPB44PES8IFj22HH6wvYBNQo6W/OYrerpx2yY/y9bKSAlLwcgnyhwfKJeEhODkcTEwiK418ftXZXm4wFHzTllRUU5J819+RYPbp2zsWz2f9xdf0xV1x0PzchZjOvS2uCcVaxXW2MnwahMEWmvFa+oL3vCRW8FHbXq61Osz4x6aW59ZLj5tBjKe2rLQB9aqzUoIgWZEo002xJf1mRpXNEtxIXWOCxzIE5BKsnO9/s9574L+gck+IecaPJyfL2933fu535/nO/5fLJ11vTlV5eazh2+XN/AhKSGxZyyId1AZo2sZF4s+hYpmt/tIi7SIse0FjwTHYiOnEGLeL4pHYjdhWVnIHOPww4I4eNd7j/OpyQZkLvGlKsVBn+eKpjJTTNDrKffXfuAm7Pp0ldfNjVfudK8TUpqmPQ84QlCv4IicUEepGfTNrSPaXreGgSIK0/xwTRdsleewJ1DAIEY69Zw5yBx4/f9Vyq3pEN+HmYh07JCJrvLHGInHCw+RT13+Jv6SPPNaxGF3k9+blrAPiepR5AsK8JXxien9ci92lOoW9rK83MfXTKP3Zixf8LuqSMiB2mU8Gh8zBCOhCACTuSOYYTCpup5+FBlZtjDmIe/casyHjAlkBdUFNCW1/ICGrP4tBb0K/yDSqJMjH9bwy+BjtF1ILOu3dHK/HlBmmb+oMZ+TQgJ8ukAXdK7BrYOBTqExu2QASIdyDrpQOYueI0ydB5gXcgvKS1OSU7tUcE0Zu5MZ2oobDHV5DaYSbfx9kAuy8v0vIDCLeYWBblBlslIlEnl3xbCU/xL2biZM8urBPkMSW3xH0KJRYC4dJzml/QrwddtgFQmynMht4azijVm1NjRS96Kn3KZWWH+87cVVDBuowqmqawrv8uWy9JgHRRm8gXVgzqsKuMz3BgjbDiEp1pmA11Wt1eDdcZpbhrTu08BQMQ0XvIqUF0fGBlJeqMEx/zHDOFICCPoQwq6DGbcTtnbwwzGGNRC+Svp+8zOJkZFcwMaRNVyHspDnZC7krIYD9J/GLRdoEQijLXeQEGErVt39PLVCAA9MpQHs/0sh8gWgVjDz1dMy5v1vnPkEO3UYAHijLCwTTHqQI5EHch7iI+kXQn80bEqCgtDcK9YC40xWUJqD9w/7B7A7YPFYXQcRV4jpoymVNouUPxgzKxjVGk449b4DPT16vhDaGegirXM5fNy5HOc6b2vL7xYa9ex5G76rWHfB1m+Ln7KX+oZq+4pTvUYYJqJmlLqw013gbDFEivDeHBgouPwKZ6YClWYhv/FtnNVTLv2jz0TJ308e2bit70a87ZCQTuIP0QETrekHQVycq29lbHIzZkz9mOERWXep3sfpK4fPuqiwwkRRIjMRJLPF5eUWHhuRlRGq/HgBITt/A9/lsrhOB2l7QrmKhEP/lMFuzGb/8Dz5s05BMKeUWnodopdszV3LlK+Y73XlUOAyHGiA1/DOUMCyMAICzIQAAg5kHfz93J8AEAa59dt2FlYuALSq5Ao11nhpNTklDYDb7+MeWDa8Iu0HXIVDQwsAxv7BGW96Jrhd49Oz6+LaN7nwr10asj6DfYsPkmAiJ30saMhyJo2fXFGzSYqZXuotFKm3r7wx6yMarkyFtioBkTix198VhMYWAYp5ptjnnvml3AC7sCEiftnzP7FobTTp2svLhSZupt1Q+8JH2mkN1eZKJjgxyET/NMOEImOurrNjwyCCYJEOJFUKmfdcVaxwqwzK3Ppuf61Ekk9asGDZcu0XPt4BiqMz5GSIbUoIeCXtRJ9ci62LlK2Do+ZK8c5YMq1bNAAwUZeWeOFXULhQBYcWSQcyIX890rOgwMpaJy/meMjIaGsXxXL2JWUmmJJhSnY/SmTFR44W1fORG5fxnqdnNzy/nNyZMFUDxDd4gnJSOoAyKEnA5BnUKkTek3ip8xdtDRjO5ayDWlM24XtGzvtlVHRGp+oRoZhVVVZsvwbsJMKUoepeybun5lY+UbaF93yqLp2/ZQQhSdBX9QS+T12Y42AnfTNA+CxQQ4HRIQbiSKkP0DKOUA+zxwMQCwJkEoSLpQ+xAEQJ0IQIviY2eBAWk/X0AFChyEwwjoIEdYiciC4BYIBVkFjHQdIQsL6AQAp4C7k8QDxDgCIrQCfm3vChogDIMscfKREA/TEAYIqB+BD4l9esChzY0d/gGzaXjNIgIyPWzL6xR9L+tUJQFtxKG0AQDg45lRWyh7fCbtHDEBsdHBQ7IS/NPAzwURixM5EOEQoxBKV0YazGVmf3xWVUYtCLK8zxBK8WRXsm/2EkMQ5Uj4dpT1FiBWruUn+liBCGJEoEeDAuUEDRFCZUIo+/gPpQF5b9KnIQLgDKZX44P5j/YoV6cglIY0JNe5KSm4TlVH10RBrmxISXvQ+qIV8Qg380gZugh1iFUnWd5uvd+GOJxRiyZPoqAMCJD9L4vZNO7jgswf9QqyO7VvO1tgrgyGW2NkhzokmAZ7Qtq/hKMPy0T96UTA7ELPLG3aIdf+UIDISYtczUGe9X7Pi0wuQDYiPOnIdOwcMARFyIwVRhKSk3GYmz95Uj4r5q1r/IKsTZZi4A+G5naliP54CPW3MUlVyIWVWw6RJLc2K0tyS2F+58D6me9nQNOc7NpmiFJfby7w+AQnn4E/d0AFCje7RCGuxLGHtLSmmBAQDrPUrVq40VTAN+hUtqDqU30m9A2kJz2sZNWdCh6KCnUkWVSSg8N16cWGfX9HcxwAhBBHwI6vfppQeGhR9y4QqwjG3pvh5kk4AOTrcALGZGoDFZMzPRwFCxr80bfrxT6txZfiKqR5uYlVH59m7YmWog5GbxhNtaZqKNZhy9dLLX/+5Wm04/AdggQcG1qmEkOvQphbrVhQlcu8kSV3Pa7mqKa03ECAjxINssL0HjkI54JMECWHEkYkkp6QaUIpVmBmCOmDAy77PeqAaUBk1wh6o0HppWofyoYd/yQqZatW/J1zhH0IWuzmvMupDdnz0UR/TglDqzQtqmgskmnJdUCcNKnoOORKJDVTfGCxAiK3ajrCwyIs13iOfLc7KOIslrJLS8+BAMEFPWL9y5apVZQz/zywUUsFGTU1I6eGY54+WJ2wxDUpQfqqM+hl+yRPyML27tp1/CBlKH0iyCZAASnxYFCZjSKOtT4EyL2tdGCUAGkaAvOCganiOOCv4S2LJWx+89Or072Bl/EwNheiGGjprbsPKMGaGDSjlKlTvDeZxkMA0mFZ//O9Nqhk2jaq/8lQEnMg45HaZndjO9IDOyJg0VCm9CYVtnV3DHETItT3tAOHeQzqPwkeHw43YCAEf0qX48EyHQUXP2KDamdXZUa3CC8nQs2MF7WYQ9tY0FQqmVU1X/rn7X/gu5m6mJSpdiFrK99t1jS7p1fHR8ntp7zEAgYo9IPLifwYLEOx0j0ZY8dEIa6mdohenCAfCE/T1HB/pHrHr6QkxYWNy6Z0u7jnKeQzih41BN07j3poBjqUqcu/0O/ewplfmUf7ziRMik3NnBbyKMCYPlac03Ht0K73AZS2asfD86nABhMKr521WyVHQtMgz9YMNYtfTFDZ6z2XU/NDmgeJ1OYRXflyCIlDNcTMPdyxqQ/13c+d2qBXoZpringXyo58gPRDQg91o1RVhzD0AyLdyo7AF291FFetnTzlAJD4kJhLkkAgRTmS+AyGpRkAE4oYuko0O4DdgmJr4qH8Bp7E7g6PG07x23NQDV2Wfw3WhO3USNwxRTVmRl3yfP1o5dquJa/XAcWLoAFneDyBwkFDWeEsBIHYGsnJVeoxIq/OYGhQ31FO6N/8HornjT4Pmd9Ko8bBy21WIFnVPNFu3IUIYiRoDFItr7FYTmaOLnfThAojtPoAyj1R9KVP/k0irg6qw0c06N275bYdMGovsaegkY2DMZe5yBT8x8AKCVsrzL/x07YdT90x8hSOEehSxPfEoT9LlaUS9mQAyEtrddzrgkfDocLgRSNYFRHhULisYtpRU28asTMwCQ5pgqYzKbpvgNH619sPfScVxMyKFp06eOr0Vo6z7NsFlNn+w3rabFdecwFieoHECJQBXDxUgVMOK30ebIBBhZWac3UIRVkqy7UAAH+nlduelXc/tKi7J78Dili5almPt/j7I1CPckC/sSl07SacTSBAlUWP6eH7eHm1WfMc+MjVcO+lRKhMhhzJ2rCBdfTZu3WFtAC1ANo+MN9a0YZNvQLQsR7liucHWpfgpr/5PFGNi1MtxqEZFDEGYiPyfu3MPiuq64/igMsfHiKL4VkQuFF9ATMGpre14K7rYcXBVxJ1hxrEMurnNtrIwdme8cbGrZqOpNWwU6W5do8k0SkIyWsuQdBSDj4nTdJKMcdCIWnwmLCpo1NaEmf4e59xdmn8k+o8cJ8asBO7Zu5/7e5zf7/u7ZG3mCgDSqooV3VaU3isAYT6ABkSilP4p7cYIEfKiRcjMmZ3qU6IpQAobVi97u4Mfs7J8WgHiI0D0oYvWbahTgLROp/NCJAQDdfCyFCDF2qMKfMyqcvcfY7Sr1kpaPQAE5RQTVAjyuiwzwULeqIfFgLABWbCgIGjV7qs9uhmQEANSrBK3NmUcPa2wkXeshGkEzKGFCDISs5muim1HIzb1mVofq2P9dGqx1BBb1KrARnxY/fr1G8Vqoyesn2ztsW3pstUNpCZaJUuW4+UWJSAQ3d+WB8I1AAiZENRglDbkki0GkD0WILW9B5BKCw8Gw1qL6XfLjGSVbrQQAUJMr3xfnLb4Yp8P3up77y9Z0sF9VNG6Tup78tPBbFP2kDHrznFhaY1+bsYMtiFzKVBHGyKzhuCHwKdqv+qjsu1PXRm7Ulempu5/TEAsuTg+JZw4ZE/cjQAAIABJREFUSZaZgIf1Nh2CrP3jax/M/sWqjXwEggakoCBOdX+h94hbs4vOV/+09luuX4YPlpxIyCMcBMqnnsOUQ6spE6b3wWPcbkECmBxttzbTfnTXHKUFXXhaKpDKhqmnUc0bo2WClrPkwJ8X5ickJNDMuZElt1X3lwP2WOwrjvfrF8DZbGOZ/WJ2iFVVtqHjZk4mlEycLO1+WPwTJ4mQyBwNbAQb0mJtBnO8N6w+qt7jYlVG+bDwWIxL/pltSYETE56VTAjakFvYOwrhnhkSBqYwbe4//Latjit6TAj1yrBtFmtfMV53YCvreRQP/5JywTVO90U6LyQbAmEIEfKIPkZ2zUUPXjvlEF2iLPX7a2UPAVEe1iQ8JUSt0flLl1GjFOawsNbKrFERSEF5ORck2YUnLAysEtM8sz+4ZVINU43DQGBo6zYDLw8jWXcuon5NeLBmw1F48CAEVUcUIgSJ2swjnJw+x0stt35xHxyseXLclJqD8GSASC2T/pTaTfj3iXohjh0fuTA/n/vxX2+QPznsEdhLb2h38i7cQeXIALAA0bZf3gIvdgTDa466YSMWjpt4gqxjUG+iWVRjE5NGZ9PM383JKZmn5be8hn2FubWFVFOn3ZywOX2TymI964BY5sNig1eRhUlWSDjDwYDurFwls1kvv+gQNq+B5wJCVNntXqH//g5+kYfz6YZXYwkHm9dGhwf6J0k0FOGyW3c6hfsynReyDZmHRSd4ph6hb1nVjk/dbe1++CaGcKXKQDe6pkx5TECet/RGR8peQiuHtXQZeVjYKCWcQbjqQBYBUgCABNVVm0Lz212GcP70K+EJBp18ekDqDbh1g7cmqMiVeup02HohBBYYVR3EuAohQU528WYic3Am9C/bvaIQ/t9LctgUizZI1YYvnxAQHkEIMUdC/kuHdU8w7BRvjBtXUkJ69mkf850RsA+by+6yiY8u1OmBYNhkmQq+YYb6IlPUfzag/ygI7xvh703R8I+FYEAGDk8kWUApFHTxNG3mRg6tlloUbdBakre8wmNDnv1zkCwVnsfgUcTLQqSIGwpCeggjEbQhL3/lCHqceC4gPXW/uMsZ3KBw1zdebTom/P5CPCnQbH6jtunEgb40wWjFmM/ONDef+To5Q9aczMrNxUCdCDn4INIa6eJn7tFtFV12v71riloKDlw9BWRhN0BIDGuJzGF1cugQFOVZ0oDEmSZszRPG8YM+boq4xU54QLjr2j5uqtNcVbA1Q2iGy1bffOZ6dSbv5MqlSOTGoXcPHSJEgHjla8Hqgq09oD9tB+tyP9L66OELh8B+qJm3clzhlicHZFiinJDzibrqUxNfomG+aZ+7nWEnbk0XSpCpkTK4lIU/eyZiaHbcGj7cXJo3ci1jxaC+4/vB+3eqsemjf5UslLqZPGYPZyRh9eLZ5uZzN1HYJDMnM/Miyf6gIOmmXnKSnhW1H7FwWAtfC8raVo9Dxuof/k1m/kJC9p4Va0JWZjmPzX8r7+cNsp+TFQFODeQWdX5X01/ZMiGFCJFlWZTtBTdrDeV7YyJcCnErpvzfqpjyuICM6u5hpUU9rCXSw7qrrtqjPKxQtGvSLyNZXVZmOe7snTptWm1VNM3r0r5GwTRpDffkUtoBgAfiaUNoSMDfOrIdUcF15Mh6eG0NDk1/9x1lP1AX66nI/hAgsv7q18fUVTemTeISAqneEBfQZTBiF7pHxd/Zm3ZciUr6YXpl7vTqrUNH9+mPuCVQJNMPx1sk9k0CQOBe4s1M34maihOSk1FWcUdGRnUGkj6Bxur0FkDgV6nig6FYXrQcFvxLIhIwVdluFhPyYaX8FMU5VE7HK1R9n3v+vry/1sakeePFcW7AHZRNk6fSd24mHT6uypqFgfo8FYjEEhJFpIKwkL8qegCI1IuTE9f4GD2PAOE6rFc9HlWVqAAJW+OyrDSvUPV9DQDIF93TvDeTU3YofxEcRtgMIYJG8YX33mNGkBLEBH5XeCAf86IKnjkcgWx5Ul0sCQiNWFPN587Dk2GhkMu9qIiASvOq+2g2Dt1Zfa17mnfe9OpNi7IH9B1O7+OIEf1GDRw/dnjiMABk8GiUY+THHTGCkKQQIhk7EJCd35dWfFYByaq07AfTsZz5kAtfClt17VmVlPD9WaVMatboqqvfEGpgUe2v5u/bW18VO0rqJFtmnqFONkQRAojs4WyvdLPWR8PbXQoSoESCgmvbtvaeAaJyWKw3yh7WanlKGJBYe0w6RQcPKygfsyGlUwTG0RMDyOfd07znJzAhhAi5jLAdgkQZEubEWgAH0UGjPKX9yMnkedCbf5iyYszAsyR0sciClNTKqzabeM7c3rfuWeOyLP1wKzl9ZuuEzBbrZTwD1XZPr04fM3TQYJIwHTt+7Njhw/sDHn36ICBgQ7KH4N0cs27rhg2bgJItiMgOWCnSgvQWQLrx0Z0O/q+icvmccQTwTAQAWVUk68HhrebW/zJhSvUl/fB/l87Pu6fSvPBWV7mfp8E6PBSBbQi+mWxDps+KErImlpBdD7oeHAVEmJHY9biAsGBc1MOabCV5AZDfECD/UVcdpFPC8vKasPQ6sLNWJj2lhENI3OmYOi3tsBFz3HwMRZtT0P9mQjDtAIjstgwJhSRECS780yEIUx7eeCj9KzlCRw67/UHavLEjAZOsNqmSRiWAdfVHYDnBs+xokzg4nfKxViUaTHkfz55PzsmVqiSkUGFEZs3ISF+3aMigAXSyAisxcRjygYCACWFCFq1ARoCQdFKv3nG9peVir3KxSlV4Lq0HrAUxi19xoqBiyCkW4JnIxsog9mN6auJqwjQypowmzX9Xj9KEGNuK2rZ9t2vx5TKbrbjYL07kJxAhfaKE0Ocqg5689NidS4hw/odj2y4sKvV27eKjhG7rsQFRHlaJlDOJelh/V4WKJl51yHQUESDcHxyArQVoZIwvvhhC1pkOlCbEV7S642mf6vByvF0rjPdVicsYUCWjNC1uRVoRikbIkJAlYVDkQoGD+zhrq7UlV+EhNbFwTmHPAWE0rPGZA6SPlT/ygNsJVx10HJv6F1Q56mjAHYVr4kIeQTPdMTnr/kbHL/LgX7W27LmBjdLFLsDHV6i1zMhMkcIkgwdweTCupKQk+qFoQyASAUYAErqleEfP4Wyq5uu9KEgvjbEfZC8Aihg+GJEFHmwq1+P41DCgB0IhJ3csB7F52QZveGDtd3XYwGzYfWVecS/vm3o6INEMTbyh0h8sJcfpj81RG/Ic++7zuPx9DR8jdAF4Pnuh1sWnbd1WzwBRku6sWM16WKvfV8fonU68anM5hyCmHg6FsMhdCDMUFLy1u7M7TdxsoR0uSByfeLJWbc12VgZUFiHSjDAju5mRN5kStd68JKrKfC7DuPKc9K9khI7zQXoMSJQPnno2GE0I+1if1mPDecMXWF6T1+E2wzVBB7XPO0NhubWrPznuRtVkL7zXhq1l7n0Nb5iwGcK4Nj2nOjl9g/yUwyc8SS35U+knZmcTIWPgluL70Kz5fT6czKbSvM9+NS8BIvmwrEeBWpYZKQ+HQ0WL6WS9gB2uoPBwjVUIVWTConPt7769U8eelV9fkvc/7s42JqorjeNBY44VbRERRQUxI9boltrEVtfdbnNdIosxgjriJCQkGussFnCYQKdh7ARJiYCEwijuOLeO6G5sJHGNpkXdtYsFfKFlu5qRF5NVs0td0ERBFKrBZPc8z3POuXfAD8B+KgcjCTMZ7uGe331ez/kndTXUPrvVXNt8av6OaCKEJKLRhsC6Mkfq4Gb9VgQiwMg3WR7S9vRQsY2+/kDfRwuI0jyQJ44aHlYOhCCVeFrDTl1PEWVCsQUswOzYX2mDqQW82m+qKp48qsO21Sme+sXz/9pU23z1++Zg2zWVcgBEDEbMlEiPS46j4vj04uQOEqERGV4egNSMXWFqhlqqsFhB+GxG1KSZZEJ2LG6qrX2GQvAn1zWSw+ViXrh93CTa3Xa/vf6LxT801VJXZkZW+7Gj5wbuDvz00927/1mxErY9gaOUmRohZdCV1ofCUjpaMYUAiFCncliCE6dQuFMZEORjG/GRIr42khmhaB1rIomJMqdld4NrLk+ytPUX5F7K12Rc+1Ao6yxfuuigENaZM42OkkMbwuN0aUMw2WsKRNCKyM6sNDZI9WjChMbfRg0IdPKaRKUoyYuAUAiCu9GNTl41GRvur/PK4w2qCnJfKrGTZ/NBFXZe5Awjax2nCCFETIxISACTo7At9d0BpQ69QvERHwsByNg1CmfMCHmWgzbgXO5kURSy3ThH8oMvNTkZtx3iEr9IRDw7uH16qxI7+TeaPdL0Ad3EMtQfNBAJN2ugq19MgBTx+9khWhc9LbETptVk50gDAnxsDDUiBiGJiXaZGdWAFJUC7anIV6toSlavUNZZshy2a6IJmU3FEDIhRQnovMcfOnyYyiG/fBd3UElCBowG2LWyZ8MAZRyACM0DGYLkYCOWAORDCQgzbz7XVQq0v5JbR5UCbYUd2tiRBFnrcjIhghA0IoqRFYIRoERicuyY0QDbrfjAAIQDMkaVW2OZEh4gMctNyOSpC0g2BwDB6ujxPjUZDXvKKJ0Vxrr2bpjTrJp8/wmXi37fWyS8m4D6gzExI1QHQwnhUQgC0m50804cQEwGJNS9CmUEE75oQ1wyn2sLtSCVBfkFKjP6FDRwkZClBiELTISUKxsiEkAYiPxRIjKo1P4GRS0aORHfRgnI7NkjREFkCHKeYvRQQLbJybhteNaETGU/QkAcYhVd2bsd92dHCRNSRO6iKAMgJCGYECjG6BSbJrItd3j0gXhQgD52nXSDD4wEUjNhHUNedh4cZhJNooRgOJN2qcnYXMa5/Dq7Ej17Vqv6Wwti4zEiKiktralB0UG8sphUKTs4dzghmO4tL+UWRB5e3YIuVkzEhAGEDAg4WGQ+nE5nWMDrdzqBD3/A7zQREkZ/XZ17s149YCe33c+ecEBye0hyfj/rW7/u4VeNXQTIwb3kZB1pbW76LzlZ6LwLG4KEiDhEErJH9MtbPViDXgtfYnw+ekCkao70NSgE2dL39OlQLh7X8PzR878oQNK3BTQxGTvz614bue1e9h4HZHc93XxP3fK9C5sbv706axKZkEJE/X4weC8+XpiRUEYIkl+skP9EvTojq8PggwKQsQISskQhlxQTc7ut7fbcqMhZ0460Xr+yUACy+mTS1n63mIxX0/1k/OG4jYWvT4v8jjbvZFjbDx++09lx945BR2lpSUl3MNhdA8s9MyQUGWZCYsprymJFDFLMYxCxJ30CBOmGh6XsB+fC6QXZeC3gdPo1pjHmNRFi1wI+X8DG8PA9SGD5fF6t52JVRUH+S82aBsrovVte5MFLdY+XLZeERNdqLJnVNaENkQuLP3kxAfQOFdUxVEdGBpjHMcXhYYNnsVXDPL5ZOwZAUDVHHjmKe6W+7IWrrh8qqHoEU7OlECDYq2iz8anxqcupBcJ0L+uvqsi/tG9IXFDXousWeOnyKjQhkMApKmtkFgtr6Y4jO0KGhDB5i7r43lFj5cq7bH/xlDRrXjfQgXhQ/AHOzLVxAYJOTkxh4Y0OuI727yMjG2Bq9c8WUXL7+IldLzS3HyaDU7PgWRO6i7W+PmdqVHgQ9OwdVsu9uE58rSPhMz4S0Au+344feb9EFTbCRzhZVDGEzGS7JTsjIy2r/sEEqoOEelgCEM4Hv4nFHubnT1MdqgLeFBGGbNqEB1UyTfPZIZuO2vKsZ80BACR3qB5e6t3cBwL0GWmWvFtCAHdHdC2+28P+DjYkItOwIUQIeCLYzERW5PdQLGDWQaNRQ2EydkCErBRtJvyK30R+1drQc6jl8FWSAkE6NfNqSAZz+2zwpjS4BK1/DQKS8xAO6qy7vrQJKj8Z2ew0Ja0hPu2gj8y7EyeUXoGREZCoAcUCjhNZD/JmUEp5PIDQIzwCS9oJl5PT4KrrVzVoXj41u/YYQ5D3j6/b9VJMze7T6M7AZFo3zF4Q+drbqUFoeW+5F9sJlZ/iatYBmueckNLYBy383fwjWx5AYYNMwqsIwbCypuRBB/wOjpN8988fkE3KwzLzESZKrVab2y2Og3NKQnSm64GArjOX9BVczz+B4xZRGPbS0NOhfWc2X6BOWAdrQAHcgwvnHxFnyVkvTBKPXqi/Yhxy6LDo1cBuJoXI4MAgdWmcFeNTMT4fJSDDPaxlEIL0iatO7hERh939IflYm9IDmo9PzedndF4D9xW8zz9Z8+vKivzdIHf74mHXySVL6ymGyGZNQiA2U8j5ZiR3gtwrdu5JThQoIeP+jz92KzrKpHsFwfD/AUhheZu86lqKOHzuxqVgQD740/qcHrfPz6cWYC51Z64smj5nXmQU7H66ca/tXmlNqdCzrmY3YiiBHRek+KSYBctU6U8CYr4A7uJBNJZQ84D7eKUolZ4ayscEAGQbAcL5cAZU3CaDOxaQTpZLti8JeS6+VN7D4xZRTB10Yc/n7NJkL1b9MjIhe68rhalT3MnCXC/ZkDiDkBUhhPBYRHb8KUZwjAWQDUoZXQDSmywlr0TTlZ9tkj6WEaSLTFO1G87mhRCEA7J1/Ymk1UtuqUTEBXAWgZBOqaKVXFKCiJgYwe6kN3EgG29iO9+heBF7cOth5iNz3IBwV69QxsieOptsurqJsz6xZbcK0tWdadyxYc6CmarHmo82kYQsZg2ZMVjNVXkpz7+MHR6G9vkwJws7ThJ4WA+ToU6siQAIeFjbyIIgH7AnIqCyrGrDfkCmslSa19CWfwKHyV2sIhMChHytznLIWy0IMZKJVycbzgn0LapKtGqJPXpUdfudE31Me/YYLX+fjhYQ3I1uhCCgu7au16o2ZocJ9tPxUF5OiGqA1WS+UlOAnCFAvnisUtmXIye9hjakUWk1lWBYW1JWZuJEoaIG/VDSAXh8Vl4I9YbM1GvjDtJTMzPbpe5TnpLLugVtWEnrt7402q/lnbkwfdpUSiq+QQF+ZlCmsi2NoiEorqVa5aXUUXDhwwqGyobgpxQWmisnpuLizxqQdBMgMPyqTieePDrzUzkkPV2mee02cRYBriJuQqoqK6UJ+TpPrLCs01gt5HF6lypHrSJ9zwjKkYomNyMQkfsqzIhISMYDyHylbItJrKeyTqepjR+JHwlC3KpQKGj22DkfFysKcvd9fGYzAXJTrLAMS+PMSVFoQ4IicVtdB89PzghBEhsbQgmfZZxgIw5fADzAenA+igQfEWMHxEjzRjTKOt1p0bbrzbtJgGzOlYVCZpN35ttp8yYD4bi2I1JTUyNuq2JoEG5OUUJpXLtg39r+SkCGEQKUwiA83g4PeetEACRFWpAweoRmZLntZK3tmnOjMCE+uQnPK7Tlk/10HukBNCFISE4/EZbNHr4vTMgPdeIjG+dNjZxMzgla5ZoSapQ+TO3v2O53DNsziBGEhCgR4+zoAdkQbRYmhBi9T3R6WPqpI9nndsGxo0BIoi5bTcRxeA72iANyAGL08wDIuiQ+mcvkxO9nV7Gsw23IDfmRwaIizP6YOAFrolgRA36CcAg6yssJD76uro2vkk6NWGKBO9h16kj22Rpw1ie27MrtN1pNxJ35x6xIzrcqwvP/wvMoS2+1fAc3h5uQWOF1pbE2LGykvhIQ2XOCxUoaSIfZfkwwC8LXiDXNkZ3F43HNFtD9dubfuFGaEDtz+XUv03QXaMtnJ7s/koBUCROyL+fjPMt+h6Oa1SdBwwkS0kUfWXdqwayZkTxOD39DtIGWYltWPPfRV5oIoW0VEhFgRFJy7s+jBuR3IwFZ34tXbcl7+URzB/SAW0v8FZxqAjsrd9o0r+53MbfuZtUOx36L63/cnW1MVGcWxyOQPAJCLQryYjuZOGWJWNwPq6W0tLkJQSUE16Hg3S8mQ1YmYjULQa9hSNG4jVYIoUN2MztTZ4EajTSkySJIXRNXtFl2tbXNsunLp836oRMSQIQPGk26zznneblXphsH/TJ9TIxcBjMPc3/3vDzn/A94WN1HAJAx7wUOSOXm4rlNO9793a/fY5MZhVA7A6j/i73HX73jH19hb4RgRECClBAmtPDr0xoPOx+JAqLvUewnnKR3PeGaYn44yBmfBrs5CIBUiM/RHzHpk7kO8UcWVXGJlX+bHeBbe4cNZIrD3Pdf/mYT/y8/3PTNy6dVC5QdECeiWwUjEg/7C5M7SH8iBmnjTxqcIAXSFqjZHG6rE4Q01jHIGOIYJhw/FNsv5Eg/0ybk8qF7IHHCJmqq3laEfA5jqCYvpmVsLFydsj4rn05gO0SzDblZDkTsFeMcE1U0/rSAKEEstwQECk1imPA02ULvApR5B7uOXUFCOCJ1uGv8PgxeMu4fAz76MEZXgJTOwdaMa1jBn5MKO9n673F+5fpX5INDjtTGCaHiWOIywQHBOTrt4Jf8cwX9IFILq/A34zjgy2y96L47Am9oGk9H3x66MNY+Kz5QvkZaGRu+iR1seGOLOnn4b25AKrv1poit9nW88ocPvuWvbv32pdOYt13Gh25HEYwo2CQe6oU/hzSvsiBQqBcJR2gECPyjTQGy12KRUDgcChmBPfv3l/12P+pkSR9LRiGHPm2+NzPTXFN9TpRk4XHhrTt/yl7DbyysfBc50gJoR3ufCPmjgxCJiK4X/4RW4oB4NCCg/hgJh1YFYj193QsLCzj74A0QYD15MmCGQuFIKMKCZQdHy8quYGzV3duOSSwFSIn71tSNop1Ywf9iTgr68S98993f11L3EISpihEbJc4F30I8Ogo6MPpAPlYAyHopZbIxY0p8MuYA3+/c0tdurMQiQMzAKr417hnM3queXppzZW8AQLJEFwk1fICe753bX+Qg9UgIfDbf//DD9zxUOlOAidvMZYDYCJGQ5Gs89OuS+aBwWQwiq9moaKcNjtbbdglADJXmxe7bN3BwCAHSLRNZAIjX21AP3bfahIiKE2j9h/sqX9QoQOEiEfILRcgWrBbfFr+n4i+JAeJyADKv+of7YLptxVtvASBEiCxWDJgHR4l7TM5xD0sBUg4ph/7OorxaIL0QwhDYiQiTd2Mixw5JHEzwwvHjAo+CAhsfiQMih62BUoMciG6NQBe6x+N2Yxfl+XP1Y49kby2LNVefL3b7EBBonc2XnYgoyLiucB001kpCCvC8EI1dgTjYULVVy1sa8/WyNTn+HADZs/wcRE4XEoBQVRYSYqg078mTINhLYqQwEwF9LG1CvA0wu7BKmxBXkSIEfBNJSIdoaaZ0r+zNs3VU6H6Kj3H99+kByROAlJTCZCmIQeaVAsVjGG9L46UAkdGDB1U1rwnYiz319oDP+Gkz4A6AyPJLYQtxJ7IDVUCyT2ACnCApZyQtgAUuwUbBPhF8CN89UUDWq3m2udm1E/KTGecPJLTZUIr1EQyXeqTSvCPe6spid1P2hkKQJxGN7MIEgVJrWtqGDIquoOBBAo/ulb1W8Qm1iKz4y/6S5C9WtJ2kh1UKNKQsCAACrSEBUz5mBSDSx3pThelXEZBmNCFV2oS4OkVZL6iP5WAYAk8pOoKFIzZb35Gz6eisvefo40+eGpBaDUixAGRGpECtQA8OSK+o2C4JGRXGMWRY0n6A24ghCAIyVCUr+LkxFLZQynzky/Y6TJnu05AQJQoU8UWBAw/JR2bigIBrJDqkrslP5hL9vvv7sRG/fLDG286kTtP9hqHKUg5I2kYARI+MLqRhdWuy1xD4OVTwQLzbO0Ly4/ARHxHnC5K9H0TXmkCQbmLxZ9gwAsEIWZA2WfYeod91lIVBwGFU+FickDfJhBzhhJw4evnhfCy2eK++RpS9wyeG9xURgt47nSJAKgvUY7ibpRuPfqU6Kuw9R9h0dPbsU1uQnSgZR0ksymJVVXvJAkaZP/bgsz5yshCRY1euhKXW2h7yGpGPnnYwiGNeDcjctYlLU3+tBUJACQc8ElT6EFaEKFGcKFAcC+86goPwwHbAFQHCfSOaZjsnp6+MXJr6uhgKfODZULr5/NCFEyNUqOxn7fVV5aX9Pg4IWAlhgVavA6mgnbVNX1yfmLzxH2jewW/nZ251JG7z49uPePIRy1byA2I3IRHDDEZBbBMGxyAeOo0VYH6YS2+WdckgxO5jiTB9kRmW32h9yG8qZUKgubApj5ysQnJ0qTlEeFm68ehVFYqovjwFybZtKwFEpHmrhqpnWCAaDeDbMxfIyQJCAJFRE7YWYJY2ibAd9LAUIB8NMNPys/GLfB+53IaQl5VisyJ2RCQlihT5haJjrS0z+myAuAbg7Zv49kamSxGQfk8J97FqLj82mBUNmmz2aM3g5hKXACRFjDJctzENmvddkyxggcYofUKQ5qJO3q1xE7cJraxk70nfu9eRyIpYWPqJo/kiIgahIH2XQclE1tj1ZBCiwvSWxyjlHPK3jkHnlCDEQ4TUYv8txreCELAh4GZ98JIDEYcZkZ15fJ1NEBCXBOT8II/Sax5OkCjLqlAg0I02hCPCGdm+vYzSvKZ5DHcj8taHwYA0N/AYHQG5i8/pSGCkaSeIDZINQUSEFVHHAQITOyy7NReKDUUHvwNX6GLBtGcOiPsubC2KQxMnSj0uV2cnJ4SbkHPeRZHBHmmuqiz2dOat2SABSUUtRmxAHDBQpdqc9IGMO7lZ8qgkXmIqoZX0og17HYksOAsxxKwCSxsQTkiUXw5xe21Gu5YFIdLHarkvZ6kuVpMJId+9XzpZaSq8FaVA5GX9JCHSkOBfKwDEYwOkvqE5JmcVPKBAHQjhiMDlCN8dm62w8dFyVBgQ0FQtL/+bHAz7ea22IZoQKaAgXROBx9o4S+EhAOF34MqCdIhBsmubOt0lxdNiVkGYLUHMBzluiEIuwDhbvrUwezhYXuouqlWAoP3IyAU+vmyVI3sv5kEWuxBqadKznkxNrYyPJLYgywkhRGRlkmUqAwIWRM4Qt0wbIBgVS5vvAAAgAElEQVTSah/rqhotPlGjTUgJmhDMZOXicaFKuEM7wxmsfncgIrry7H2rr4PKfiKA+KjxFKP0SvSxauq9sioxEOvphUgdGOFLzxDXCQc89lQZucryaTVKaiCPCEFFTkKENNVsKiO6+GKt7Y+tImOrth5wB76WeJoXQ+yNG8iEqGk3q8yb7k6UdUdC9OXFzaXuTpgUhb/+VIg/wEFr4k+RJTX0/XYRmRB0HdP/T+T987cgSlhRqzZIQuyA1NkAUXK2ywGRt5UCxIrVkAmh9nTM/4CTBa5JIR2zZSobclxJISsJhFftvd0SkmcGpEHe5P7YkR5uQxARzoiq5o1J0illPUYGZMgJyDUIp5AQAEQRYkOE/PcXfmrZ6BAeTP6KAElJJa04X1G/R5Mw4C5q8qHqKidkTovwFpf0w9BzSCSm4uEH/iz/UfustSLfTph0kIMbSn8efGQlu/SoUFbUug1tlsgampZNuoFcLPxVBwUgMgjRbsmRw8KHCRnz9dqEQGreLXO9aXSIkJIihJAxVH/FgYhmRLSsEiZb/pwYIJ0qjVV5XhASk/ncB+3tHJHePg4Jx0S961mRjTvcgrXJwAftg7tYYoxchN3wgQkRXhbYELjj0NHSyoOZNlCeWPHqMtJfW8FJOidE3OXchnw5rFwsF7w/rPfv92wel+/6rsfVVJuNWZIczYeP86GmdUbZXKcPfawcQp4yVOnPtpJX3b2MMlla+UeImYRItNliEQEICmQ11tHlINvlBGQ7zGoyZ7t7ex7PBgzKOFrGvXptQvDwyuWCBxveVpQhxUoN4WX93kEIKSDIllXZ1L1ly+uJnYN06jQWmBCIQkilNuQ3OAOcEESErwf0rv1GBVmPqy0nsP3LuzjM2PhM1eDg0vVhQ/zsuLspj5NO5waKEIc4p7QjDk4ynSvfhkf6igBBSXd0sijQxnHUgZH+Inh3cFjKCSmZEZfHi13CfVoNBuTFH6+1sk0Td5rcJUuTwwbmgnmA7yZA1iEg69Ofx8pK7vkgdnVeZUSizAwGTRZ1GJDGxghcDrBIlxOQ+2zHqVMHmNW3YBoW/zH82RkvB0RJAJUqJ0uEt+hlSTH93fs6sLJBIyL0D2zaB4jJLxOtxZI+VrkyIfMsELRM49GJlparh7kVOcIp4WuWLi8QHdx6HD0EJQET7MCpUzvY/OBdg+/KwBe13gHQ0ckCa5gB6uccEbAhmpEsXZ8UZzli3wQes85iRSAkVY7NqfV5LjF/0DLGb8FTaE1uLqqv+lwlk3h5eM7F4+9crCIDB+vHcfbOqQ83samSGb4rvjV40ci0S8cgzwuQJB6g06XjdO1moQBQxDJNC+zHLhsfjXvqgqYZ3FXmBKSMRum8+z/2ziakzjOL48Tr8KpjnFGv1xLtiMRIULDQhQ2xJlyQRIJ0IGprmJUSIx3JwlByA4o2NThDmcU0btJGgkpQciFkoVHHFEyTdipjPkbIqkNXpZAOJEPSLBK6med8PR/v/cj90JlemmMI9Rqpyvvzf87znPM/3qMBvGQ87/VEH704cbRT51j7uP8B6nT4zStJVpB6mX6LHjo2IYyI9j4QSr5NDxApQoyEHDoy/2IluvSfF8unz55VhChEgBEVTx4ODz/96QNKrkA9oP74keY9PvG+o6v2iDd0dfrBCBw3YJ2OgICGYKkeYI9nM05EkLzmvr0WB49g8K2Mu3kLhJCa71aiV6c/DQEI+ZW0Q6hDiQi+fKWqj53ECZBbOO/xhy7vKxTPC8OwRWuzFrIwKOMDzPovWEH0jsJYh14REtvpnXZOoUfvGO0KWeDV0BGe1Hu/h0u9yBBWt3D6M0sSApeFlGSh+vMdAnT7oYbItgkbEWPHJgYh6i0tQEJVlGPRQS8RojRkvvvo0RPXr508eRoYUTqiMFGh/v5cSQfAAXRAv8zR7uj7PEO4xOXXwApxLhICD6JoSJkgIr96Yzv54vbzkTF0JoCYfneFSIX6pttxbSdlftW4Lr2CfhShDvVj5+MR+CoDebtHebT66rDso2rYWycCUrqFApLDW24tDXHSLF/IOh0ApCkWEBnl/JOn9xi9OMn3B1Km11Pbew00w+okC856C7W5k0OIURHxBkFI0gOETBukXxGTLKUhnUjICUXIMiACjJgQPK5DP1n3vB7j3i1btMIGEK7TRUNKDSFB/ct3Z+IotPHIAhAhpJL7qeT4uRx23xQVoYcerlGr4DVR+DVu6AF7aUGN3Jyqq0XvSFCZLQRkZ+4DkoyQ9xw+YgCZUIB0JQKEc6y5Vu561y1ZJCFw1gs36mIeYAixEbH9c1IHRPZ3Yo4FS6BJQrAMme/uVoQoEVlWiAAjZ/+o3s4CHAYPuP/o3C2AhDUgtTGAmDLE1pCkiDh1BEZeRoC4hOTnq8KDenJVzqdCMSIvV1BaK3wENvS6LA3ISmMtCUgRnjFumYDkqoKM9+Oi9KZYRAwm1ja2OHwQIBMP2ZTh8DAfuUeWTsND1i051sHWhgapQkaoJQsJwQuEoLgHOIhgnvW66zKl4tu0TBt6q7SE1CMhczN4lHWkE1VEJVqQaXEsw1/XiA0QD0X3kUNXD3MecpOzx+FbteAWaQDREoIXIoiIxUiyh0xv3aAVNZkBwoTgRAekVPCl0OUlRWkpCAlsUQONozVRFENdbNOw0sNtE9N1I33CR2DLKpDcVZDx/jiEvPeubxMb4cHOilyBuIA0P/Fwifwn3vPzPRexSP/x9MmTDIjVkIUHWbARQZKscuqGtTSEOrP2gIWOqIhjMvV9eoCghOBJbz0Q0oqEzKpKvRNVRMmIEhJFCYb6D3gf6GA8Ds2+8EZVffVRl/dsCc4fLkS8Z5gnuoBU8lOJgDAhQY1IMCkc+IAH84KZAyITgQWQUlXLQkH4MqAWV4gUUJSaYwT4jDWwu/zVR4fDj8PUeDf0YBL44G7SLRSQXFWQ/sH+/n4hxF1269/lKXhYAqJLkInm5uee1zW623v61/0RbzjS4z2CQyC5Y5ttm5mZ22ckBJ6tDrpkQ8nHJg02KUdE0B4E3ZONW6H4S6UBCBljmZNe1hCq1JWKECSAiQ54dx7ZADguX25rm1nzdo+Oet761OOoNzDQ463XxgJCElJdjoQYDQlaOpIo8sw/zAoQyLJKseqguUCd6qG8cNhfj3p50Ts82uWF7/d9FYbW7aG7cIcu4/ZbycfOnAVk0GjIcd5XyHmWvS+d1QP4sAVksIVrdBVPHvb0RJ5Aj8bzhw+f/oQWizJXOKses4P7uEzn2UJOsuC3bhlriCHkYzLQ0SpiM/J9OtajloQgIQ1CiEGkcx4hoZgHOEg6IDNsA7Lnnq1Eo4uPp+rrN9cXF6c3gA8oQeIAsqvc1RAShiSIWP8kWwVhQHbtQkIKCuxcyg7r/x0ou30zurR2oyTUe+XLxcUvN/t4lli3X/7iFWRhUDRE51mIiBESLR4aD8MHj4OIbcPbfzNz6Q4gVo5FdXoVJ1k0lcczR3rThd4uvIdqEYbkd0TJD2kAglO3JslqhDqEEQFGABKgxI5DgAazMXNwbq51nyK7YUrh0diIo94ggVpAGBAqQugyxBAiD2gwL2EE8ywFCWxpDaKrDcEh6KR7QTkeLq+GpYYl7e14OlzMx8B5W8tHzipIi0VIk4PIuwwJ00J4KJFhPhAQk2EJINCt+BfpYlJVOgKC51gzrZBjWdfplGTJevo8GGDjwW4ixFIRy6nw9TQAKRZApE6nLEsIUYgwI4eO8BuwgXkV0nFwrrUVWvUVH/WaD9QP+AZ6UUBsBSmi5F8nWSbHCSZ4cyDJskjHCkR9EZWVdGKgkyxXs+J8VjWN29LpcPV28JGzCjKIbgWSZplSxBISIx6oHlo/HD6SAMJFSNtMq5GQGkmy+LqQsiwcOKLBbraYYqtCWuUiprc/pLNAB/uxqAyZrCMNYURa5xASoMQOeInRIO1gOBr3OngwHyAgsYDEIeQlAsKVQjbHvPigF/GDjk+6bsJPcBgVtMAi4QHl4U/awhOsXFaQwVU/IWNNxw0i77zz7nETTSa/ogQrDUAu24DUTeJv4BDPdcvIUdAQ8ntDiGPlCd6EaQBS7ABSaxHy4Nmzg8gIQjLThn+IDUirEA6kw8ZD8THJfGCCpQUkLiAxhCQQECsyBIQHn3YVVear7/jK/b/jLZNMAyd81HXpQqdfXLuUbQcfOasgC6uKEJ1mESMkI4qSS2CheMliQ9EzZvRD+rCID5goxJlbnjOiVr/rR00RAtl8g9VvwkkWtfpZhAgiwsg5bXj7Z/Ty/Cb1HYVUpitCdJaFiDQ++EJ9a9F/7wMhgZiDPygaCAaQQWgwGwQHqwfi0RcS/WAB8QOiCXmZiGStIE4zVmhjEdwTbyt1tglJcg1Dh1x8ZWIlZVuKR84qyMIZixBBhGqRpoh3/uLF8+EITh3G56PFLyAOIMvxAZF+k75e30yemIO8IVbhTp6lheSbNLbcFkNrkqUhSMjezas96luLeGsNiANBIdHQwGkV0sHSQXiIevABFuqHCAifYjmAlAXSRCRzQGCwo7KipH0jOowmvHdgFy+eRiWtJvQxc8wxcOEWR44Csop+Ny2SZ+lMS1Fyiq7EP/N2IBpN9PK4Tq8WWuwECwWEMyxziiWAYBGCQyFYpu/lc1IgpNgQEuCZVdeoEBylHLPblAFxCOmDtt5JRKRuOsw27o+npqYadKh3CAwhA9EwbJB4AB0GD+p7EgFJAEhgOxWE+t1pIqQ9dItt3IfuhUpSu88wdzF520ZH7irI6gQTsmARQojoRSARFw/ig/Rj1fDBGVYyQOYMICIh0nGiC3U2PjAuhTYiGQFCjayiIUjIkiwCWav3R2OjwOGnw8GDyw8/H9geaAGSLiFZAALmoyUd98Ky0OVOL5rHFMgk8MsQiXfO9UpBFCBECNfqGhHFiB4+Hx4bc/Cw+XAA4QyLF03FBcTJsagK4U4mBERbsL3hI0SryLk951IFpDKfqpBYQvRM+q1GqNltNPxwGDocPCw+/AISF5DAdioIe/dgBaKHz6f7TMdI3sue+W3HI2cV5Ax7pmGaRYwIJLKMcGBgfGxcw0HHu4SHw4ecYeFMugByzQBiihDu6WUJ0b1+2l+qUCNiShEDyYcf/jNVQHyE9FYhIoqRqLiarO11oq7OBoPIYOEANjQcHe1cfRTTHWFlkSsgcQBJhZFAICsFAUA29TLC9XQA+R9E7gLSbESEEi0481UcnKLe1YvehfFxBw+LjzPMhxYQzLASA6LvCmu1hOh5Cn2zBXXIrx1C4N6QV298nBYgTEi71hAkpGaNEnUwj/JFba0tG6IbAIeiw8VD85Fv+IgBxCEkkJyOQKAs6xSrd5HXEoc3rRQr+P8HJGcVBC0FJ4CR1VUtI1iPjA/0XLqw41LP8Fh/v2ZDfcjGw+jHfuaD7EBooNsPCFXpkGPVcbsGH2QxIWKeE7R3g4nLrXGCThWQIiSkmDUEKnVEpGpk5Ep0+LMdFy6FF2vdmPSDwWSEOJANhIOTK31+xXzsMnzEAyQ+I9ZHMz3FMkPp98O02H4ah56qy0WUXylIZoA0H2BCzmgVYRkZHBw7DwuJImOGDlEPzceE6IcjICkBIhJiDVTwyCoQstMhRO8UAFf01AFBQopdQkhFNm56Yc/74t6kHTWxcPT2ajo6OrR0aPGogG0BpkB3BCQBIC4lvtfLsj3mVUnW3SX1rYWn+0Lt1HT4M8mwduYuIAeMiBgZUZQoTppOnWoi1UA0CA6mg/AwfLxtBOQDbXlwDWdWNSBWEeJISIl11kuNDoWFPkTYLB1U5OuUASniMgTnTTHNYkZGRu6v37kyUmNiZMSnGj4wmAxmw0cH48H6YfMRH5CEkcXILbdUlbT33V2/fQNkWZznfw4ZVu4qCNrSHiBCXEQIEitaBI+4fHCFjoB8bnmCJAfElZBqoyEOIYIImaSnAQgSUuwjhBFRPIxIVEkkh0PoMHj4+DD6kREgZVm1muDELckl/kB1W1XwlYJkAch+sW42kKxSAA0tdtDLhg5Tf7h8UImOGVYcQKSjly8LQzGE6FEEG5HfGI/0FAE5hv13XKjTc4N5lkDSh+mWUOGAEUoEBqKBcGjxsPHIko9AIOtu3mps5qVr/YLSpJ1YrxQk9SJdxRkDBmZXJlT50W/egw8aUJoFEzrG4iVsxndteZnnu+f/pWL2AcYmxT2KGxBvchzjeIvjHzq+NpFiDfLpsTf/y97ZhsR1pXFcDHo1bhw12qhZRRzcVFDUiVLyYcExL0KtRBL7ITMxSTcgncXSuQiBCJHsYDEKEgJmZD6EzDbNjnfayUuZTAdE533idhSzfthCEsFI8kHqh/1WCCzsec45921mfKlG5457/6HtNL1e/Z9zfud5nnPT+1zQyTQVL+mPkEy6zQTf4sJG+uT3aYtvd3+e/KvJt5QM5CcK0vN0BGSK+cDSxv2TWeffd6ipFFjbI/1/W1OaFqey01FTi6q1/WlNlSpVqlSpUqVKlSpVqlSpUqVKlSpVytFigLF/mDvN6/26/Wguxnps+3TelGktdZoPehgOPpTYPWyAPA6ye0LsrHAFF3Axc/Iv4gIe1u+Tj+OUz0+nZ96v98/jT1F21u3Fz2CXfU6nb1lZ5qJe1hWSXW/zufQuX0z2eyU+rz4Qdz3ntAdcU3E3VpA1cS7S0ZqyFJkNkYG2u6Kc2wvPg8IuW0bMKSydWDjikQOyoA9EbTF7QD4D9ogXT0pMP2ub1cNUwE3yg+4S9DHojcW8AUWZs7F2LqSfl26eTveCjQu7ZffIt4eC+AcXr7e5whmLPv+y7MaKssbPRVpa+6DK9rGeOTcajIiX9fhQOhNlFrysW7fgd/ryMzLcdrvTE8r3sf4FFIF9LtY/l3ALGx7obH0E/hwEumzOD9sG54mIl7hkX5XvISs94Y/nuPGkBIIAhA/dGN+iJBBYzOAYBEyMsSnJXNgPq0C6ZPxkOSQEOh/2K1yv88M2vWhHsVG8sdLmzS0HZA+tKUs+hHnAiQYjtGCLuYMw0O4Y53cHuagHeXU70W7OBEM2uyc/YzEcs0VYtE9EWKqIONBRBgbPG076XeSAzDNCpOZvFJRMCr54ziW7QcgJf3eGlGQO/7TzenGL5BhhT/DTe/glqyjh+s1GLaXzJgdkL60pK4BAXMxm6WDEmGzkK5qRMQt7tR0NuxvtCoss2s11/KKGxCjbRpUtDnRED5+D9i0AMssIGxF/oynJpMDOQ28nfgmeDv+skszhnybG6CTgc0JBJfNFVlHC9ZuNWkrnTQ7IHlpTljj8pywh30SlNMuiYYiCzRALcdNLh8kF9hk0IyGvh9V7k4fqZOMxhTaa2Q0BSTYpBBB254DsrrnEVRERV1GyPORDrqJdtpYAyB5aUygg+R5f1LaAB3qZZjTiQM+RgZ5n5zib3bv1UL2INprl1KVYu2supSnWLltTU6yEUB2DEY9sPNB2XD17k4dqfCfdOjVZ8iJ9OXmKJRTpsgnaRpG+y+Y2KtKT5SGJ128yaimdt3WL9N22ptAiXacP2+b9Gw/0nHPBFnbGheplboGJcDpyqhdMdqpXwnGeMCdd2/P4mDfsi9sVOa+P46THvBJt65h3d82td8w76473FXCDr8TrMzYYtdTOGz8XqbCmLOXDcSHEwYiLdW8Sqkt8Tqc9HDfQIfz/i4XhuZAz+XMhG77CDZcKww0PCu1x8QBfBpmV+KBQMp/beVC4y+aiXj1+OhYVIht5mhaXrrvwTSTXy3aP9UYttdb4uUiFNQVC8nuPT7epuMdM+8ZcyL+4X+ctVdYUVKVHbChUL+/J93LH9qc53/y+nbdUWFMYIF7WGeRUc6o1VapUqVKlSpUqVapUqVKVSqlvV1OtqS+O20Dq+zlVa+qrRzdQNvOfXtA5olfnXjkcr/B7piXvmuZfNv0v4U3PwuuRyeul8QulX7x8ubq6+u7du6Wlpcb7LS33VlZWfvjxy0dPn96Yvt3W1tba2rpGVFt7BTQ5OWkwGB6COkQ9JDJcZbq7LF3dzPH/ak1dFvMg835tbWYC3QTd6retveH5552/cDn+xdkvXoBP0CrRO6wlosbGxhMtyPm9lQfIPPL+NTXf2jojOp80M3fMlj5T+3XeY8+VWvQfZ8DbFq3ZdMoRXgZojF6uLi39WzuMrLV3r71nBrHH1+9WXz5//jO8V9uWnm9373UQvXKcf3Ue6dNPcauC706dOvV3aFeA+xXQxrR86+bPoKngQdK96FBpnkZTcKls4GbNrZGKyqqqY9b65qa6xhP3W+6dfHD6+x/wMpm+jZfJxMTM2Fh/f21/bW01EsHEEC9EzpVJ02AWqHtw2GSED3e0axOYjjZ0qy32CCheX9IGaMIvaBYA/yTdwnOhYzu0X8CtF6Bj+8DAKDSivnvrm5GRiopKZLZqfPyY1Wqtr29ubm5qqqtDvk/A5nASrAMhX1NCwDkyDr47mGEwZGzv4z1219aOjYG729O3t9zhOtWCFgtHSN/SwszcPE3ZSFX9W6YLDJm1Fi3xaPrVWnnr5iVNafGBnAvpCcizz0EO+MvhOO8giJw5c+bbb7+TIiL2vDl69AvobY4Iwf2Lig/lNWhg+YwO3f0GrRoMSDMsFB4QfpG0CXzgdSLF46FU+HcuM2a8eLoYpg9/sDDvZyYIIjsHBNY//pW0DxoFpJgC0iDwMXpzCNNB4KBoiGwgz3hbQLaR7x8F4yjsgW/qetKsxcRnDTPUo5m5Xts/hsLj1q3pUozGkSNi76DDOUWZhxrOjlZa634xYUNZgybqsY9pPFZRU1aQl5tZmKaAPMa51edUDsd5EREcRSghYlcoiCGf5ef/ATqmHS4sKhZDyF0cQsZhP90MEJ4Pno64HMtgMDJZlAu6irLaLTN8irVTQDIzi5P20BTa3VBAcDdq4F/kQ8RjXKSjSaCjpUXA40tp4MSuselJQx9dRYh9soqMTA8BpDUdAJGwgflAAeRAZqkGAVJf94aExKxhLfVoZlasaQ7IV72kCOkVQRHCCEQRGkRwmvXxx5SQjyghEF1pCCkrG0WrBwCBEFKHs3ERELpQ5HxQPHgyOjs7RUyuMpa4CKJ9PzaGY0hrW+uOAKEBQkpHkVwEEbFdO/BBw8eIEDzqBTRIWoVKDxGOR6Jp7LpWwMPQYRZ2VzGCVPf3j6UDICIbfyQqh45gB4oxINa6X/kI0i54PJHuEeSnXkHneEYcBBGIIqdEQnAdQgj5iE+yDuegdYRCSAEKIaM1KMeqJDnWpoDw6RXmoxPgEAVhpLOdz8/vkBpkWHulHyXqOweEplcJeBQWiq3TMCGQY1FAIH6Q9AoMYjzqmwU6aNVx8oEUDxQ12/iyi4QPsiM87HjC1yDDtAYZNFWnCSB8bze+oS9uOldYlFlc2lAwUGFtojWIRWsWapDm8ZGhMk1e8YF0BeTaY6JnSL3PCCYSRoRKBKVZfxJiyF8IIZBkFUEIyYMQMjBUw+dYtEo/eTIBEDGAiHhQXQQJlFiYQbPR3M30PNF2dxktdxhLbX9/P4khE9sHRBI7RDowGDlUBBJMCAUEh0ecXlVU4EMICB6kHr8vBI7T32M2kFtydCU7lODxAL+dnX3MHYuxy6Q9bsQeB5keBEga1CB8v+vyHNxolR8+NFRoCWgu3aq0Nr3R9lmM5BQLPHa3vx6vqBkoaDiUWZSuRfq1r4goJDSUCImWhBBJHXL0CyHJKjqQmUurkCGaY6EVxB9jxQEiybAEPjoEOAThMGJpZxjGdNlgON6NPrQb0dchQDAhM9sGhOBRnMBHjkyFfKNdCggkWCh+oPKjcvwYDR6NjULgIHAAHTh0UDwk0UPgg7i92AUN6bp7OjuNJuyxupov0qcVDAiNHiin4luDivkqAuRszUhVfeMvYO3Nb9M33sP0/fN1Mz7EggzrcJoC8refqARQnj2TMAKJFkFEWocIZcjBgzkQQkpxCLlJcnTYYwVATksBkZ7lGMh66ZDQcR0kgeSq8XIHFOyTT672TKJFBIhgQta2C4ik+pDTgZOF8nKxlXMhJQQDggLIEM0frYSOEzg+PuDjxiNEhsAGfegjr7hEPMDudaPl8kWcS1429kxewYAo/ZiXxwNlVGhHxEd7BRpNXl7poVxcrGnKbt6tqLIuvX27gqLqvZZ7b9++rh+vrBk4qyktzizMKU9TQP56jUqA5PFjIdNy4AbOpBL5x5/F017hrPfIQTjDoCFkVMyxmoRjrE0A4fm4LhOPCD7UQoSgiqUaE0JiyPYBkVUfNLkieJRLBIgUSgGBAoSwX0+SK/KQh1QcNG48vXFjmoQOgockn6zm0yvpdoDtYXPgjGZYN6YVDQg5ssrNw8cWoEsFmgaECFJeXsH/uDu3mCjTM44ng+TjDHIQBhg5jCMgEKBA4xgP21B2SIFAWq7YDqAkLUPGRSNeOIsECQSkdt1ZZLyRkC3FEiUUSBtjIt02vTK96EUT3Ta7mjXGi3rd7G2fw3v6BlyFBOLsw252Y9TlXb7f93/+z/N/Ed6Qk/wKqaqqqqtrqC4rdk0DH6AfmQlZhT+KTUAeXZOlQEFI/sx/eLMpInd53IsaMqsJoW0h+fSO0Bi9ZgGQCJkQduk2QFTDYeNDgbG2ZmOknd+y3YRIKSFChOwSEPtk11APYAJ8Z5L5p55zH4HaiIDMKD6ot+IBNu0BhwiMm6wbig0Uj98a+x5DP9rFuex8XOIh79X1q+8rILly5YE7QV4KH3a5Jj0zzgySEUBEGFFsRaGuT895xpw9NYBHHOhHYVKMAvLxNbMYEdIR0WhpQs4oQkBCqMkCQg4U4juFR736OYpIl46ArEYBUsqA2PlYAzhUaULkY2QnZHeAGNMrgw8SD02HHO5jKxFHEzpxsEndO3LruCFmVZsSjg8+kHQQHpd0XGDZaCcJkHabfkCDdYlWoDfXh9bfU0BYPxJoZ94xMe3Ct2AkUvXc8rwAACAASURBVFZ8fW4MCcE+i2Y15NfGPJ6JibGZkLMjIz1P8hGrCjI8qOratUHByAPZaf3cMCLs1GnaS7Nejpwk5ZMLeQMgTW8DBPnoD4aDvQhGPZYNkWhCuMvaLSDm+ErxYeBhrIcpJeBwCECENNL8mvgg+VCOQ7CBcDAdjEdFaV99Z3C8dTlqXNcujtUqTlVBDgQbrPcckCzceNRkhCYPl1VXvXz69FVtQ7GLCUlN5LURbVU7eqA6Mqj9ynZkEh9Jsaogw490DQ4+YlBEp4WMoBXhcRb7ENKQIyUlkpBcTUiPIEQNeulVuy0gy5qPtbDl63JbwXpbMSOsIqYRIUJ2A4ixHBR4JBh4ABjwFORQCT+KCzBBPubMmI86iQeIx02jo2IsmAzO0uA5l0atQJfbHd8dvezhxIDGQ/ExsPr+AgLvDNwI9oxNR+pqv75ndXVZgZdV1cU4x0Wf4eD1KiZ0UrHlSkyE/9+gHlmER26sAnL5Y6MIkkGhIyQjPM8ir/575dQraRtSQNuQA/RiIRfSY/TqEpDFZvGqNQHpY0C4wZpyd8bHfzRldb4DIWKUtStAsqP8h50PoiOFChkBQtCGoIQwICAgNHsAVZSiyGtyLRnMhqIDjjnquwBHC1v+JRkVEHgIVRR8gH7cBj4214dW31dAUFkLKZSY4fS4GmpfBALj8fHjXb4XdRE5yI0TKQRDqDMJD/EGilVAhoeH8W8uxkRB8oCsiBARGmadwaX6HYOQFCKEXrUZIrEINr1am5ANDiVtCwg8/n4RJRn1+evrt2FEEEL9+rLosip2DIie70r7QXhwc4VwIBlpooiSA2xJccKfEZqYA10swwZrng8E5zGjl4oJo/r66kWUJBBmBTHiZt26u+IU1k3Sj437G/sISI6uqBTiGwQk0wECMnH9lrfpf+5xTgM8WwBCQEKSUx0HE7KiSnWv9HvGKCA3hi+LMiAhIWFCzqs260OtIZXaqBuj3owOJSHGJoRSrW8G5IJI7ME/6/2i6v02QtoVIbsFRPtzbT+y1LvNwKOlpUUwkoMagnF+AQifyduEc2viQ87kosEolUH+vk6RTApaImzW2q7xsPPB/dXASvPKvgGCWKiPHBOPbRDRHRYISNlCs0wlhrvmq6oPz83grvwgASESWvxv2trB7xGjgHx647L4gFKgCB0BRhQif/gFrdVJQ8QoCzUkLUU1WelaQrQJWVzRDYkBiOTjSqdb5j7H/bbagsiScup9OwRk63g3QUk/PCkER0tLW9shUW2IiQzSoCtFQG5FQEAakY+rNykVoIe4RvXxB/1gsEvGdtuXzKSy3uvQVkfMr1YHVu43N73YH0BYN1JkKeOVZI4rtgEkGQGJNN5/HBax3UBTbXXxNAHCVtxeJm0xCshnN+ylEUEZMUVEd1nH2YaQUW9BCSGfnpeuJUTHsd4GyEeiDwlavXY+NCFGl7UrQPTlj+35YDyQjLNUhEgan4skxEmAQIflbWzeWF3fJD4u8UGWt972kjUuEsmjgVbzrsuyHllz+hL9OfCxAXzM7wsgUXgQISJnpd77dkRsChJZaH7tY0C6vp2vBQUJYVw3K7/QpGKLGMUoIA8/NesG/MWUSBnBRosRIQ3hce9xjvYiIYfSJCG4YJUSYsyxaORzdZPfutGAXLmyFqC07rgv7Pf3qtIaIhARGsLP1s4Ase0Htf0gPPAxSSPtOHv2XIGqcwAJJWnyDyL4zjEApKy6rnZhfoX4QDwq5KxamO9WufdX1eoe5ft1F0x+JB3QXYn7LcJ+NC82NS7M7z0gmg5qKlVHiSkrKuUd9MON+OSLi1HTxVWN33EiOWi99Dbcck048cpgVqEdjuj/bqwC8plZAhONyGA0IdRlyX0hGHUc9R7gZsTI9NoBWRUm5Datl+2AXIl3+6Y6w+5Av79XfzAighBTQ+j52iEgKmFi6Ee+5iNN4TEyUoQ1MlJAl8KA/EI0pjXOMY8ApGljaB1Q/wv0V6VyEteuUsiii+qWlPRbgWBw1B1u7RY/tiyaq9IKMdxFPJCPVeaj0du4P4AIPODVAAWMACC4+eGILgtskpp+i5yiMcXyzj+zuuBo1tOFqsjh6ZkOjOviL9nW4cc2ICd/E1UCE4JEI/Lg/B9xaygWIqdklzVbdA4TJ0AIPklaQsTNdOyxmnWPhfGkLQqy1h92W76p/l5b+Q1EDB/CNmR5J4Bsrx+Fyn1Ac4V0ABuzsyWiZoESitIAIdB4d4Q8kwRIY9MA8YHtFRyBesQ1Mxsj4mPMw3J3/ZRlBcaX5EX7Plum7PZthcfABuAx3+j11nr3HBDGA+k4dIhFE4OnKfgFxGV4cnJeYrZaXxiCwGOsVCSkOFJX+/Jby3r8qrb6lmtupiM9zxGXUKiB+iEBcoKoeIi1BRGUEd1m/Up3WWdOqcxJAb9qcZKFSzUhIcaukNdqbwYECPAjDL3+aEQkIYYP2Q0gxgBLjq/gaw9fSsmHxuOIqBKO9IO/SgJpzCNAbiEgi6sICPqPvu5WAfiasbTRKiJkRPRchIcKA1SIiy2ajxXkY8FbW1W714BIPui9wIoJhLSk5OPDzxFdQMSB8cJ8s2dK4qke3h0MXeeJ3kJVHW3SaQuSmfVDBeRkVDEpDAkwQnad3Pp5Pcz6QhMyIggBAc7mvBoGl+S9QpCQRZYQ7LH05booQPzCf/TrUlbERghPsnYAiH2AZfgPUz6ADoSjvLy8kqu8/MiRIjoZEBKXneEcm3YxIENXgXPmQ3zy5tZGtYICC2nZpXbovCWZc4VH8yLjUVX3zR4DIvmAcxeMzMKRKXsKTjIhm+K4njmPx9mTUQOMZB7Myo9KqIm5t5N8JpTruicEPzk1O45+7vfyEauAnD65tTQios0iETmPhHCXRdFeIIQkRDRZ+QnQoXI23DOt7xXaAFEufbl7CyCISL/xIUUEx1m6ySJCuncAiKkfmXr9kRvFB+IBZBzlQkRoAtECTdZBR3rPzJyrWAGCHRYQ/kv1uZtCJwFZUhOtPtKOvlJbYv+2dOdDyEdzk+CjYV8AwfbqbEHR7JHKo3coOVR0Li0zLyPkocfe5aF0FRFiS3GKgBp2WSFEaW7OM+HsSE9OpesehW/hI6YBOSErChHuswQhD7RT5/A72ZAiISHg4RzZ7ELGPHPGKqTJ7LGkS98CSLSA2CRkTRGyU0AcW/Il1F+BAdF8jBSRfBAdx6ju4PcBwxnduUMgIQmOGuixXNh4AyCb2GFRg4WfOmufFDr8JA0FMehQ8iHvfGk+BpCPJuCjFvio3mNA2KDjwVE/Ko8dP4V2srKkIM1R48QzRqojZa7pCUmILehcKG4TJtbwLf1QCLUG+chMyH9bgxWzgPz4hK1Oa0yIEYHIMCLCTh0XIjjsFYTQi5YnWf/828WLf3re0RP6z1f33I+fPfFdfPq1d6FJS4hhQrqXogDxk35si4hh1HlduPSugDj0/Ir5kPpB2482dKnQhpcwHceOHcfnBQu/Exg7LCIkL+P5k4twGADku9c+d7hz1O0L+tfIPKm5tJi30byXBCSaDtN90Lf32hTbQRpfIR4N1ZG9BwT5QP0oKT96/Ke/+/Bn//3rT+59+Y+2xJ7nT3y+108fu+999c3hSUCkBi8CHlS3yfQ3MeE7pMls6B0qrfv9eMQ2IKd1mVLyUBMCIkJrde6ycJIlbAhnslrScnL/bn3y+ee/tr7s+fdFXzg4armnpgLWK+/8uwESLSD91Gb5e+39C4963xWQqA06frWFfuRQmwHPSYHk4w7hcfcM1l38Ni4YOJsdOduWkpuV+i882ifWq8ZXVmAq2GX5pqZ87vF6/LQFyv8n7/xjorzvOB61l29RxB8oohZEH38FIUIOOlnDkAqcAYyXuyMhHohABA/vGKRwamFXOXVXqDUepcaKswMR8LQFVpCVss2xupXYZVtMdZpOo0OJ09R0LZq5mez7+X6+3+d57sBVspzJbl9/RO+v58s9r+f9/ny+n8/nQaWTFYQJyDYRe4jMrsIH6Mcv+Okgi8/jWAvekSO3/W6x2M6LqH6sjG7PMBp6SWljY27lH8IvERN8YRarW+cZxQJEGlv4dJUtwjE/OBQpKIhK9LS5Sk44MAH5wQRLYYQbLUBEaAhFBGt725NZGMITPu+l7ppC1wly45zJzM7HXBqNm9xK3HBSeKz1isdiZwgTKgge0XppiK+EPDMg83wKFBX9CFbZK1APSkd7SktLWhssNjAvGWoyly4pyg6efoE0wtZ2kRE8+rMSq8Zs0tGrVsSOS0ie3L+ijsxlPJSzc6ofPTtYdYlKP1Y1+RcQRUDAX6W05ZR8Q47RnR0t9VzFoz83qdA4LTdjo+r3Y5tHEE+VT0P9VVqScRSMXPH5XXj8bwPysteSGeEiIggpEy4rhxWdYM0JP0/PDvlp6lG4i6bUnOfFI27JDOWeiYrHWq9IyBYMQsYriEYjE1JQzDVEy8MQXvq+JWuSCiI3gMj6ESz8FQ3PV4N6JCczPFoz2IJRLhR/Gr5CgueFoRq2s6OpN/k8NJMJZj7q2SWza50AEJV4cHfF43OhH+L4nCWwUD+aom7722IxQIpqwWC1ZJT0n2NPtSnN5DKvrNS5oXjsyyOR2AjFfFT4zJlBTCvwkF01FCtUVa8boIDsfnnCJSBhjCAiVTyZRUN1FSFYcVIUlt1byn7UUxpTdaL8kILiuPm+Kkzn1SYMEJXHUimIRqMihGsIz2QJAzMJQFQVWHPE+TDysZHZK8BjDZUPUI+0toyMTKPR2IEjwSBTB/wvrQ0L8TTi1nZVmkR9LlSxuwoE0IwQCghcocKHFx5cP9R8fKjwAfE51Y+oyLvPQUFohL5k6Zro9jajrYqcwK3VVLp4fS6AQu4kNNFQvWHhVrY2Q3cgBON4fqheXvW6gQvIj72WgogXIapInaWyMFCHTBYzWUMCkEqdKGJ1AiBJioSoPFanLyBcQTRehDANUcXpXEImpyAKH6EyHyHZ6K8gubuS8tGSBvFqphEmr7L5q5CIoIQchxToRv6YnVLqMYnZs/CsdclAF/gC0qlOXcEvNSAYoFNA0GCxBFZCLAUkys+AzFcAAYfVauxXAPG4xdxpGBZ8J/5IZP27K/Y2NOyF1fD6wq3s/FBuEPz/AWSAMbFbvWRIvBEBDWE2y2aTXRbzIavZufNnBC1Wbi/On2Q/aqd0J0mRkFfvP7z/SwGIt8caryCoISKRla/tViRksoCoCrC4ftB7ROjH8eh2rh6UjZK+vi6cDGZgIpIcDYT8KhctFrnC63NhZigVSEVBCgrMznwM0lUCgnioBURUt+MJ4VlRYBITz/mIeC6AFAIg61JaO/rrPsDH2jEypGPu0QyRo5XcioldRa8G5nRHNo2ORkXUv9nAU79CQzAceUlEIAFrsQYUOgYGBsYjohBykLssu93Gj0Pa4A46jvnQok88Nc30JtpFrl5mnaYuGsk6TZXvx3EJ+WHPGMwRNJ3y9VhyEOKjIIrJUkkIdqxOBhA5QA9dpErwFqJ+sOxVCuWDmqscg6Gkyybm51GVpISkrDu+eunii6m7KPxHaypHPdBpaoZItkJnYTksvFIXzkqkEif6VtTx+TIMQMYBImd4KSAQgPgbEOycZEleBojRVvc1aaRba849/0fJYYYmWsmp0Uv3kmIS4HqimlbFwqxE6QqNSSBqhxkML4aKAXuqICRwAfmIgYHrlVfEvzglQkUQESWZxU4MkZB1MiG/9ZDS0tTU3wT97jwxOXQEuvrJcEKckJDHxGLVuyTpCUgI7yn0BsRHQcZJiPBYkwHEu8J9AS/fLSxS4o8U6q6MHTlAR7+9rk6MreiCSKutJZkSkn0hNbW0lHhGY29Z6NYkIjno1tzafJSQ4mIHMen1bknS5smNXfzkXDZYXhZLBgQdlhyBRPgVEF7Gy5O8AEiXve4ByS2tIR+cnnpDx3alc9DH2BjLqsEE4qRh4tDrHWQ4ZhU7HJkxE2wWH87LclvyVIYFAQqIYEO1FETUhPBIvRxMVhfTEFbYi8eF79QuLvzk86GhT09DA8WNoXPE5TKZrC4yEsMlpEcyYeOHCSRkm5LH0qLH+g8SopyF/BeAYAUvPwApWiz0g8YfNPpAPuz2srLBwUFsFQMRMWakta9buTws+L1Pe4e+uBZ5JP7M2E0dsbpNDquDFItjkArixqyEAx1WZ6dKQESKd2JAVCE6CEjENT9bLBaC8CQWBaTfbv/Hg5/3fvanJXNnXbt0WZKsDpNDb5GSYuLh3Q5xiWM4MsBKxhK8pjNM48N5pyoHIQF6DrKTs/GRaqkgUSECp4bcZglCMlvTUhRC2BAgaBoIX7tZ5Ht0w7zo/cxjuXVwi7eEdD/VY3lJCGZRGSGTAEQuUWRWQOGjVtaPljYafTA86soGq6pEf355mb2/z9CRmZYSvaY2LHjR1Bmb99c3JSSm9yANGieTEHbNJp79dUh5m7wEBCXEO43Fs1jjFQQAqfcjIFxAQtBhRSenZXQAIP1dhsyW6KXTp87eP8oHaFSQO/BaB/qt7bDw7K/F8pO4hCZ41cfa8KB5OFAP1lqe3MJSk4AEhNOxU7VkRLxERETq7N6xCZMFydDjoiyD1SyycjbCs4aOynguITfl5vN8BogsId3fISGq43TusZ4dEO8S3gU8QOcBCOpHWqvMR3l5dbXoPIZd0ljLmEFN1pLCkOlzw2c3vBkVm5j+iOcg6D2j5VTr5OzvHgUQlYIsk/NYsoRAFgtjEAEIdVj+BeQFXsjLBSSlLTOHbpp6SUNmWvTy4Dkztl7iOQgNuQKTlU+e2dEj8eSWW0pPjImNOgAaEo4D4mA8L5vNC8mt0IAtVtwu4Ni+XfktUzLAQxFAhMch7N7hLks+LmCEFCIhrGlA/GBNHtE3dY+PL9GTJ9jP/RQJKX5qECJ7rGcGBDO8XhWKgg/wVyy/m5GZY+hjeFRVHzx0+DBviTlUXTVIgy0gZN1ylJCtKyJWJW14xB+zGp1JcC0esy6St0l2WNt8Bp2IUhOlUPHDs0oZFiiIfwHhKayQbNlgGWxlg2AH+nIy2leGzX9x5hdc5J3kOv3CoHlyPX+PERXHH+3YkJSAB+x8lP+B+voDK/Yu5NOpA7XcfbvAw2shIkjIboUQ5rKohpTxsixqssQQh68ufLUYSrJYb2HQrMvoOpxkeCQ+bmTk1oaT4sYySU/uv5alzdu2RZu/ByXE7CxGQiYCRFGQbu3kAfEuUeQBOmR40WBR/cg0Gkps/YKPt976GIuZDx8EQmwlOZmt3164SCVkWvjsvfVRcYnpHAc9cTu1BRUVlGAr3lhmna54U5Y2P6/zlFa7Bcf/dGuz1IiIKT/osdiYBgZIvN8tljBYG7O5wco0dNmr/vn1v8rrbOCxFtMdfg8raSjo1x+defTw4avr33ahqDiJ42HPz0ZGRiPv3ri6ELri3r1748vbUVFQ+YvvNwidHpgNU9tlPPbJSzBCRUT2WTwOQZc1qEhIK5OQb88TQs7/XkQh89ZeJRZ601gh+ynBX/dupTuI1axxuuETyPfq4GNX96Y8J8v+mvN9qrFkPlQN6gjIprxnBMRXQOarDBYTEBqA0AC9hFpxGn4wPpSeGEoIdVldhr+do5fXe3HBnKBZr8O8gvQx4nBC0RJsBP64CgokmA7pZC/6Ya/9gcyovnPZNjP8z5WlOlEXEsLCdAEInIM8N0DCat9hZSY5ffYHuYSk/r3a3tfRlrwkbH7ovF8Tl1ljNomtWR6/dkqC77GCvehHRz/00H94Lu1dEfFnujXp+l8YIfgGqQDtKNy3U4HjDVz73uCUoIowRCAS+b5wWdXlCiEsk/VXUnqs+VhpKiMEBjjMWPu5BAhY9E69iVidVt3w2R0mRobD6XQRC3zc2Hwi17IH3rXm1Fsks2KyvAoWi+Xm224RpT87IL4lvKoAhCV42zKMHQb0V4DHx3JlM93rW4cOVpXZvyG7jjWfqPGcfgnC9IiEpA1nHzO68ar1TpfkyNdIjAy3s8JN96e3kBPNjanuzgrirqBbt2TJdYusHwQnxVEJYSeFGISINK9/AJHn/ECJDaR4KR+2un9zd60xUZ1pOK6Sg9sqKt7wgmWPAotFJYMNeKsD6FhallMYrwMiqMDggR63ClLsKMfLaKWtY4FlQW0Qq0bFS7ViXVfpdrcbsrtpNqZSE4NBGmtAKuJ6wz/7ve93OWeUTbRLf+BBRScxmY85z3ney/M+b6dUUFW1a1FWSXFmclzo+rf6+fY/TXAg0Xcta+Qw2m9S8WiyqmsuyU1etlZWFUjfBzbKbo0cvRmG0tmOtRfUtGETh8cG87VJQMRAiKmWhd0QmqhDFlLN+rFZ9TwLGfmS398v1ktY2PWx26Cl3jTnyP1mO81wFfjmslb0qbIqNMp1OO2iF7KcSwC56N3EIIU/CyBiBoQHWAgQTECS52fm5kN8BfiYMY0pN8k38iz4aG3eGqpRrlj0FaTpG7dEkhjr2Ow2Fy1lkXcNh9EsFsVuo26cEJM4nEXQnNZppUK3KWbDBuFm8v7JbCPGCscs/RcByDDmoUhH0YdnBIXunhmXnJn/mMpMqqztObkH908ch3nWlcYzNBTWoaXulgj7aS6ZdtldJGzW5QJQbF+in6MGmhTM3L1sf14ogGxYydExCb7gIt85SAyIkDBrluAQ1i8EhECe3oGaabgnvkWE+A8eOnKyX+I1Vu/R4LvHHjsn+1gzq/fAjaXBB1Qgi33Py7udCjExyPMD5El8zBP4mGjg4zjjDwKPaUKXBoRJOGTtQ6ZR3mX90ygYuiuPiI79/OTHbexdq/Dd7oL6AStLoFZDkar69ClysuqvWzZbYrEoC93i0M0EKSTyF5GacOdd4YMFXfTxE5FAcjoXMQlmVl5+0tzgoAyShbw0aGM9e9ceGbIq/cKFC4f4Jm74HN1W8l+sDexzdDVHR5SjcZzhrPg/7H17LUA4eTB0MIhMYhAxIcSUh7BKVt1xBMj+R0yGVSF9jU4gY3zR0taoGqpwK4Hts91LM7oLHkas+quD9SgdvE3zHppKS3tiauqZAcKHbE0a93SUuKNCERIQqPDmFp9H/iD4mPWaEN5sharEzpJ2dhdVSv8gt0/i5hCIsd752C2bFMseJ4R/vPprd8FhKgH7hvUoc43j6w5YkGVK03krvUcBwt13mX3iQChRZIyGCCs+qS7vJlOX7pUoQCBNJyc8I2rWBCj2tpiYmPusuOVDsU8+66zVwnrUMMbyFdaK3WOklwJkEmUPcq0gX/AH/smJxICIgRASe3CE5KLyvQUemDhV8K8M9Hsf1RfG03nVkDKIc0/s0ewGVjWkAxWEQXaZGKTb2XQvn8XnA8jiISYhBNe44wgIydApPg4SfOQjPjC8em0d1xScO7cVOGQnZ5C90h+H+ZM0/ZVwkqZnn2wT7xoZBJAru80DFeQHkuW0cQYxe7qzhQeAEDoRghTCC709CBCzvyhz5oYHxLjQYChh1Z3vLGIMUoQh1ifpL48BjmywmRXLXUfmiM6PDg86t0T+y2oua3Y1TH01PHDbRihkDRnsz+yru7X37bUAYfAAhBgXg4iJRLw4hE+HkCALKlnxTA+edSYIRqeGjRiDRqSJssuhqKoDY1eYnHrQ7KQ3liY5PbqH3HsVVpWFJna7UPWmeXubpKWl/jwGWfz0EEgG1yiG0QovCbDqivPWlnD+IPjAthB5IpDjzpqxYxodJqwoOp3+MsRYgTTGuiW5HaqqOGioqJ0o1O02CgdVsnsc9iJ4Wig0NHHY3Ka1B4cEh8TEUEUvUgjvpfccQLwMRsG2Hg1WM9aPgxQkPik35w4NjCus7fmZ8dWhWMbyCyj7QVJ0VdV0ALoqPYiecqOBNUI9kt3tsGEO0kSffbp8jzIISFD6DuEb7Uyx1osAEDM63l7xNvllQokgES8OgX4hQwg2Q1qlgqo+VQVSyyfraTOEmj5fkmQsF6o+ivPw9T2HsXyoOBxY/ZXIrVe5yJaiSR7dR3NJutkgS8x6exPI81WxFj+Jj7cMfEShRBFbhDkkAdmB/LF13fRTq3gjiCGkHeSulVnWn0bPGzF45KDtpZFT9sw59r4bK6GypJDD2E+k4oGcCmiY8cSVFXut9jdVqJoqTtmSkJIgljgsWybWovNeCKEQ3kzvKYAMMwwU0Zc7PT0DzVUJfwajyiSzLuemFY5WVNRxcO7rYSRHp3W68sP0aLLucMuNpdfwaHYNC/Tw96qKXda2mgab6nAoNvv1KZEhY8sAICNN9krcfMxLfdKrAULRYb4QIZMMhJyabqpl0X4hBlm0n96K9fEW7rQ4wh8oZPI16Bhg50Nqvj7lsOQGKTX8y6axl10ph5ZoWHLXvR2y0rozsv6/AEIDcCHi5Rl6XfF5FmARfJwDfLAKHjkvCbK+3NluJW+v9j/kCdvPt7/fNhZjdcFhNOwYeCyFsqw6aNOHHATQDi8nfPamSlXwCSmmjaSHxFbC2ehaTSmEN9N7CCAmfCBvcONhrN9FHYibm5x0PP98J7zP+o7kfQfCQtMH/tqXEMiEwPLLcBjsfMhNIVckm+LwceMDzcVelhprYj9vw0/1WDTuYPsA7X8GUB+HoWh04m/s7urdAFnB8UFxsQAvAyQIEcYhRpT1pYEQpjiJb2lt+TcdLoQgC9vpk8/QjMNju3Q9MuIqk2eRHzFnbD0FTRYTfHQf7t9AjdieAojJxjrhOQBimpJCkaJBIDNFgJWThwEW4mM6gQcvdK86BQiZsaOk5G7ro7ioiUEZA8kjdsJYiLGO/pllHHanbklJUWmQ7pBlJmS0S3ohOr8X6nqaWANPlZa4w4Ht7cS1B0ghXI/VMwAx2uYs64LRSeaMt5uX75KSkjpaWztQ0D96+Aj/vgNwO85Vdhhb843rkRsv01hKk1bzeFG+94DkJSQzuXfjQSzJQEICYRd04iCQLg4C51I/L+9SHpLlwwAAIABJREFUI8zqxQDh+FhguhhCaJiFCJlucIipX5j7RSYXvoPJQRBdqoN7A64Iac/V8vCIZqHFEjmf29sByIyQVLNBL9sWcuL5AcKnpLjbJiUQECmSewQz9OLzaziBkPwD8EHreBtWQpBFKOSjNTmZyftnBo/HKs/msSEkxjpyT+aHOUHejo3ntZKRu4vFtqY98IiQz+hqdAiyRLdwz1Sux+oRgBhdQYMzg3fvBk+8KKjewXhxMlwwERYcisYUg381wC/xg22B4U1cWGY7Eh0ewCtxLl5tdEsxJ7OPHiEYqamJnRodQQhkGwFIwNLEpUsD6MXd5Ab7e2l8ey9AKDwYMBbi1wL87U0ipkzd1FHPR4TA7NTrzOMEgqwRYPr8NbtdHNYfQsojG0RlVFR/Xb/ls4UmkyyL2MSWmua1bcrYg/CsAGEiEzFFaExJHag2CGQtJxCSgGxi9TxykQMjhewsyfti/tzqMMhiffu/hzFWTZMwprCQty6LyqioWSsIEIEPvtoajYsEQnDzGh0L4ZLennA1MfCRgapMEGXGxe3fv28fmrZQbIDD8oHg8ePSB/Ybg9vPBwWARXf5q23iMNlTw5dKXM0rOXnN+n6MYXgXHVn+ytgtZRM2b94M4kUY0R1L/m2M55oQ0msBYqKPhcbFaUSQCEvU19EemkhDTJos7rSYMXwettO/EY3Ca6Xl4ZdFb028rHqNpxtm0Kmp3W5jEwBJeFaAPKlyZyVeULkbBLJ2J1awSIC1auUGno+RIwOFkKPuKFmTOz++OgpbzUMDyrCOdU8cJoW8dxvvrUli5mU5A4iBjxN8nRxuOYEg64IhOOEACekhgFCD6gz0TwyDmcl4sGuZjxcJrZJwnvhAWNDoef1G9YWe1dL30HO8NHJKEytOe5zvxEYEWBlc7BLvekq3ZuPCOKwuEICUBhJElJVt2xL4SmlIOblIJoWWQSOf0Pj2coAgdywUEFkgIMJydU4hGzorO+9AM+TOzazah4/b2+8WQ6n30dnasy0tFy+2/PSX+rP/HI6KrKH1KDVxOKXVl3+80Si5NI/HrdlIIkuVC9Ktd5ctVxRLoaJqhSaEkIBKcbs1h9uj+jy1jQ031TwXQHiJV4wRogqLl7Dy1pTwDGRFVWUV/jh+n1WU9bs3KivfOAUx1sPa2rMdrRcv/u3b0/Wnr9EkJJsKZHSbbPNYQKWkeDyqRnIQppuRlyxJ0VQldbnq1iwAELFw0UJetlgUxbHs3Q/pckJyq9XE9iBADAJh+CBs+ej27da647m5x+/W19581Hr79uODc6ujdv/1bP1X33z3/aUr311uaLyyHfyHP2XLozRJdjZevXRGUsjRFIXkIFQ3I9s+/MP9rrauB/e7um7UfBqB5g7bgTvKf/wvd1cYG8VxheUm1ogkLa2UVCFRaPCqJVZsZMsGFUQqr12zdSjWAhfY3GHh1MTnda7c2RQOa8VRH1JPqBh6J2Iud2EjEtFaNDY2UIcimSQN/cGv5E/AVRtXthBFAgswNa6MUTvvvZndPaeVsHp/7EVCd3Nna96Ov33z3nzve8Mjw2PXRkauVRKD8VkQfXcD9fkKEMd/EDLqxCXdyEYBEfIhZzNMtVQ2sWbtDcb4C2ZYqnqvubmX306FqaZgfZ56B47TH/tc9enxkMI0GLYgewU8V/654DBefKjAOxyOeOKQOA3Drww1ON0FXIn3RwfIrDIpKrOlMkLHgRzGCGTvWyluDFPTOzZaaCO8M3as2msgxVIxTZrQJy8cBT7WJOOmQXsc1zSi8YLFJov44Q8MTWNKnOMD/oERuhxWlIZdxxwXUiOrQvIDEEFL/N6yl9995cS6393pZRY35u6hGTANJmyx3jsn/qni9Jx7ffVod2VZTcs0kBVjuE70bbTRx4CeGdJYf7HONJ+Cw+ZUWUll9/Kj3HWUlo+4w39bvhRSv4AQN06fpwDZKAMQCY+t4p+EiIMQHqifzTI7XZBOsfEJFk0XBNUM6pg8uAFM9kCIP2SELMbgUxiFfH6ecrpABU8ZSggVQUIia3jz2ENIAyfxZxMsLhHSX6h4hnWP/5ijaMPrtMNyHYhTZ0tlhMKBHCYHkhLGFARZKp02DP4uG1QPWMBk57PWCyOmFuA2XqFE7yTkcgUVPEM2xvgGCzO8StwfgCMQE1nwMRagrSP/P86SgUKfGH54zHUheQTI404Egrzd9zefHrTImLuWahdkVVCfyVqDf1VpZZQIXzAf2DjcXc4BciQAgABKv66wrLBRieMoUxqK+NY4ENBM/FltDCW9Sksry4dxmH6l9g+szoUw5DnHhcxbgLj4qJt9SSciEbJfJY3BqKEGgZ9EqmPWDRHKkdgoUi0+o/5+i764IouJmKC8oVwWuzxdXV0VMgV/AYc3rBc79iTfggVEHjWpefyHbMT2yADBXLynztZ1IOtcB/IbBMgKaUyQ4Vlxlki8KVnmZTpUi68w0Rseum/KojBV2AhyWTpLbG/s8dNLXahokf/gF52807AvedF1IccFQv5/dXencvC7z5M6XPM91xighxJ5JsvOy5XBqYIKptLNsX9mqGh9k2KKMNEQBVMklxWqaGz008s4JbZH0PeVlK0e0zzD2kjl0YPU2tNN9c5/gBAo6umqI2fiQQgPQ+oFKzHLkEdlSLabCFmR7pmEBI9yTraIbXPKUZ00L6zFZWgXQiTGgCcfhE3/PCsA7dO/ho+5AMRhYSHLxHUg61wH8muOj1V7J1xjgEcleUqqk8+NSwbZMADk9337qmSGJ8YcGwEOemNjY4dzJzBkl12omnKHb4ELAYCcySNApEL1T994XhR+SFZiVAVsGFImUjW9pCshyVu+unag2N/hlBWzmFdwsamoqKiB6GciueVDHsDq91ZelzcIh0+Vd6MLIRL8vAbIFokPBx0SIgiSXIS0swJB20W6qsN0FX/kAeRD4/0+/y3aZC1SZ6dAiQB7GZR64eshJzPacJLSoh2EG4fk66ZIZf+mR1RWfP05ARDnwMx1IK+iA2lFGhaegWQtx5g0+BGho8pyhIZ9YOMwnITUtgxUSWGKJMshwIY4QPrx605mVDqQJiL/yuFGdCGQ6f1Qkt7z4kFECCJ4uw5AeJAFVHUpNKzmCA0nwcYv315aWlZb3bXeoSY7aV6YtDLd1dU1Lb9ObF6SnviAB2UBFzeJtpJu2T19QQBkq3AgXnTAy1yE7N+/RRR+2Iyo6llxq8X9ROdAm5GPfyL0GwalJI5MgSZgwLwJ/UJ8SfEzuEwb/AIhJOypi+Ht/f3ec7Y5AQQLQWiH9TOh1CCV4lCogXi8mOOtd42xXewHxRaDZk2P2S+XQ5TeMlCtSEF0mQKNabDriPPHrB93Y1RCxV1Gf7844fE6x6RGp+m4xxJ1U5V58SCzADLuGgNlKuJJYJySs3Z3j18s+f7SytUD1RcFLgJMOkdak4dVVVX3sdhNPDd8o7hBrK39cIqco1C/H11QAHE2WAIZ7XjlOhGOEMhkBa007WaDarYgrQbtoBW11fE2M+DW14UADec//vOlc+cuffZpL91rnVlMCMfF4G/kPrRDmObxYaEmhrVkZBudPSM4TFN8222y7PD9Hh0grlIDavEKJRNRiC4cyFo8JHxTDVJ9na0aab6HjKbANFYvZg2c4wTHcsBUrgxfGxkdnUQFOcJwUArHQUcUBeUaQlqc/xA+UCOKGdMrsBluRYIPB+RwRLDe94X7zki6SV5jEJJwb54hRnKGpVkQHmt2ygqmUuyeXJmQLBZsO3fp759euXptclShx1aSRaWNemHA52tp6esLx/jKRGhYZ77RyaFwC7/6LuNwgoaviy3WoscWHkAQHO31AiIUqqMPgTh9i2qkMinDuHuAqdFMkLFg1GDWLx4wLaEnNCWhx5imh0xm8GElFlP4C8Z8IT7M7CDTUHoU3o1QO4SkktQTNAySnkoTImRbjIbhV2oNhI8OTxfyOQPEo9QgHchrToj+x7XIMnmrjlm2HVWtugzjNloMdFRZ9MIECKYm+axDPubjE2IWH9ZApJOH8yTLyfi3uY1JMN3HtqM+g9/U4GbAz6JQqdaETqTBhAZu9CtjPcTpxT1Wbc1xrE3PWwwC1Mxlgtl+mwW5acw+wE2zbYOBjiqb2DlBK4MLFoMlgGETTIMXSVxHWyUbTf5Oubayhm+mpjQzocPN4MNgWmwq3NfSEp7SNByGX3lzNYrMLV4gMYgMQQgfBA5ESbvjQwAhmMnayO+Ymjmwd5wZjDEji1vbe50PQPpD5UMGZnBt/ggGLeSAj4eFFg6p4rPBQWhAX4tq70PV06DikFQoFxyIKR1IYNqmA6MRNHBDFdvktWGD093s5BwAQpW2gpMkpOJAatR1IGsEjXcrx7Jh121N4UTBVaajbMWqf8H8DWmamuGP4AT6NoN7UmEZfQbnBcl+UlEs7tFBxQFzwSAKbWoVeJ7eAATfWAwM9hcRYxHDdORt5AUgz3jPQV7Cc5DmB738j378V3t5mM4nhErcQWOm9XYbTF2uDF/MFG5sI0qQe1KvaeonbUz5019eWIq9i8eu8pUZBdPAFUa0BDQjDYenboph3+TKciwzXPyslHJ4fJ4DxHUggIyC9nYJEe8ma4fgLe5/8+yFC1a0IG2LiCTY29r5UedtHtymIUtiYQCviU1sChB0mbt2/lmGXS8pLxsbO17zATYMgc63t25d7Lql03Y4oOnIgeVeBIjtHf3gOZzdlds/9lEBQkR3d4flSpm8tkk6EAII0hRX7IBHRT2fMkcGpeva7FU/WrvmhoHTT/NtImzifSJsRzMVfiP4Zzar6Gls9PcIlVG4GqHE9qQIyeMsIimLFcgaANp7sbvHkpTer/J2UMitxka2VPyxe4YbuoJPmSNDtMsa39l5+k6vXBkLy9eSIvDLYqcwG02Ltt358bsvv/Pvby5e8su3Dy59cXlp2fGxlvC+Y2ZMsrMQIQMDR6aqh4aOHGmpLYNCdazDXSgA2bJV4KO+Pffy+BCJECBl7fdmsWw207nnIzdXgmX9UnrUwpyXaNNiDJdWlpDcu0AIdPY8djEmcyW+Hj/RYNdv+Nq13umOOUeAyBA9R8qEHAhWShENCwCykT8qslh0LY0xgK5opWRmFK2RKdAo5ryyIq9X6G3Vuat4VzHwzIoa5bd9CTwFdQ47/X7gY3XJoxBRWFhSljcPAlQTjpCXfvDDV068v7n55507d2O0bkhjUod275xxVkZFayLisWZjIkbm9B90Nr/622VvPPXEd55+EnrGv1ha8l7NGUeDVZmGbeIAQGQAJYdrSipniQEtCA/ixufteGMchHgBQqSsXIBk2Exr555ZycT/ChBrRDRPP44tdbD1LSDEA5Aev9/vImSbqMUjeMjusXMCiJf1zXdYpBW3qRkdCFWC4A4LeLwIkMz/BkgUAvm0o83rBUgBCzjCV+JChLgASeZUhWBZSLG7xzoj9lhlecpiYRd4Ip9hefHmTX/Y0zruTfMGU4cPHVrrrAwBRPKsCSAFAiB3D7We3gx0Zg6Rbzz57SUHkdE8JbUctGkUMcIrHIZ4auEBBD1InfQgBeLKRch/uLvW2CiuKyyToEuBABFFCU2bgIdHTAklAiPApTAUPAnEYGDAU6+JN4L1ZMwa2Zh6IBMGWMBDqFLYJQFkgw0JDpYlh0QmBlWJW0VVVdSfqAYkQkQbEZdHSU3Kw46lnnPuvTNjh6q4/mUWYaFlvDtnZr57Xt/9zjLfhcSamgw7VOZ1Nn5aXHFLDvF0uGKBEMGh4/xRkV8dEAihiSFiOPS8g9dF1VDDHgJChGOkx6tOTo/N7wVARg0NjcuRYqO+1g9ttQ0cyDJYKDZQD1Qak0KAtMkhng6Cx3BF0ITHabxCBDZuFgApLw8hJCPd5QFZQiktCKVTiwWlV8ZYH78uxBtm9REgcif6MOk3BcH/A9Ti7Qz1QCHE2gfmO/LOOBhGis4O15xoFBF0So1Vzt63fjlR/l8bBm4ERYqnz3pfS4pYs4uLtHz22ZYtNHpxIWoB7Q7Usvp/kt7Dg6QFCFkigqw8jhDhQpqy2pntQLpuG6pjMtVp/267kFhLYV4Hb+MMHQ3H6MClV8tooTpkNkyceOl8Q8P5S7U0dAoSdT4+/Q5VHCM60/TSxQIhOaW6pidyFuMfDg9/unL9wwPk8R4A4Sk6av3IFB0jrCYiupMDefllk07fMA3VRG5f+4x9nXIMNFXtVObqiuZCsq2aTFFUXCWqDbe+fnVSs3LryvkoqbcFQgrJhSQsNE2mVNNyLc1dkx+Ve9MhxpLiDX0ESDd8EEAQIWT53AWLljc7ePqOqYJ1YOHN2bNv8juDhQjbhBTetRQL028wzcB6NxW+d6y7aRvNt4v4vsqnBtHO3MmZl7FKDym9oiU5rQxed65b1vU7tZNpjvQjVsXyc5C0tLSwD3mAC1mXFTOY7iUVZqYMZnmepnZWdDIjlXLgBzw2SU+jt+EHXG4zpcJf2yj7csw55qTgV64ekS5kCwVZHXi0wlz4SCsninFWgaW48Lt6weIQPBAf9b0BiJBTlGINk3qKYRGRVzgQAghYChEhfjOz4azRRuNfxbf4WTvwV0tiSRpNdz0dDrLRPJtZBflx+H9bVbo4Pggi6EJy5dFgzEfkQAoVuD468+pDScjrIsbqG0B6bEV/hm9DHwsQQR2XBYuuMfpmFU6YTsjcVFmDp6/SLbLkebKkZzGGB9lwM81Va206qOEbjpDBT4zYs2vM9KnvX6Gj6SPjLTSctItpHvzuZTFLBBuFPlvx0QDIhu4ACSNkVeBC1jVVUySesIwaWiEjrrqx4v7NBhXXWsOKIGeP988TAxOaiqtvWfOFi299LdfiS4CQhX4pa968rrim0IKUsFxU6axPaglanuJ1Ahv5wfDxhwUI340uUxBSi/O1GgIHUhlkIKuwlmfyb9ZMXvSMWM6nJfdPNWCH/RAWr/kO9IiuReD0HFx9Fas0Jz8ivKSWIQEiEAKORRHGeAQQ3hrNZQkp3gAxltiaPqu2LwCRPcKXSGEV1gT/xcVWjzVb/JtTJr/WWmpG0wYTC/eQf3jYL+Rv61jJssEvggetyltVg0RnMLRxefbcw+PefGUQ6XgDQv59VlOEMR1vt7S03OA9UJwrhrNEsM4bjNbp11wsGWP19CBpoUJWiLS4LmbI+NORycatipNFRX4txJVvk7oSXF+zdfSed3edFzVG4zLO1OE+ZC8h5OANRQbAm9Oj0QKRCnsKqhLWCe1OMZkm2guA8KGVYqtUEGEFanEzKkUGwh3IkjSRVseZKm3sLFmZ/S0vWCPhxA1k1JKMtL3QxemmiOY7aFgn/JEISQ+MQReSEMmta4mNt1TopRirdlZmHwASxgcXkKTXuHEAEELI38U3J1Xfxh1ZW5dRud7UBvoUak4ZYmjMkq1wWUReX8XurwAfsv+1H9OslAMvZi78sMs3Bq1OCPaKdX0qjhLBJKTfAwTZvCGA9HQhQZ6eF3IhsSl+BcMfJdW2veST+3ipUxoNERdvE7/PxlRv6ejx78qJ4/bZ2kwZZW2hUta8QOAyAhhYI/iPCba6XryCybG9AAg8MaGJUnzzaVgtDmkmoRIWXIMq/5v9MuatT05kE2fc1AVleaDP70Pilk67HGU9KNf3IAIhGYExa+DAuE9WrKONt1THEjK9fQGIjK9eEVsnkVYzZ85MMd5oLHjQo/4Ee6kWwPKydqw1sS5vJAVlOdCKRdJm26Z1O/L8St1tnCTy/HOjfjTgZ4SQ2oUdvjH1kHQlJVlRm/XiRN5Kf0QA8r+SkHCMtZUAIh8eCRAdAHLyPlcTfTBARozeOT4ACDZDIFEHhFA3ZL4PkIgyEBbdwoAFL8HhDzbL6BVAfDmssJxixfbAgfxO9kBWIT6WVPncfWmjdqvoxHtHJUAiDwBIQUFOQQgg5dyDtEgXEhhTmFOQE9e6AYQKvXtRQa7vABkq9IeFVMOxBQvkfKNxkKlPeABA7gFAbAmQUr8P4gOk/ReVWWtFOeuQKgAyFKcJURpyJADIDTDWc33JXiJjAUCeHPkIAGRZwDX5rx5kyZIgxtoaizmyi4ohViQCj9O94oqSCr6PKqB7irn0cIGdz4cvfWPnBSqMwKW+MJUjBNshH/N2iKBQ57LF8FDViSDAU/Kj0Wj3seO9AMjjPkBEsfO43IseOJCsHVOoxCuapWkC8h7Dem4CGXidRSuOf8v5ywmuTO8rDvMQC7sbriNCrNUZ5aEspLybMdjTGSijEp3rY7UImV6Ksf5/gMgAC0cQYgP9GFL6T5/EES4L5s45PGHCpJnfCGy7BtgYSWA6FQOA0MY3Wwt2qRHf2FKpR7hx389niC0kNew+ybvsH/bUyAFDECEvTP5KGKO7ECUf7BD8ZSsgY/V7D0J70kNkLHQh3/cg1SbylPJkszAW20D3vFRzqpiOMgxW2a+LO3HMlHkozdFKcSQycbHgipUqBnI3Lg4fMXrbRcUkIpD6NbULyYdgoo4I6RAf6VFYEqd8MVcplcCIBpP+HhogVMTy1RoOTxI8ReRhSQeyCSlYTrUo8eICYeOOWPhmu4bhHmtdazxddK0R66CABSsxMM65WDiJLc5MMEZZjXISxKqBvNZK5+NsRRJCLkQak0vNT91K8N1VgQipBEhmnwBCFCx/hu2KotvNjLV14hS5BXNQEOv4H5DyBmedstE0RVfaKmPVRkCe8wQXy8XNzincl1tUsfG3v+G14GqjrYhEGPeTFAqqzL0zPfOsMKYLw+QbVH+IJNndRycH8TVNurGxeniQKs50NfNkmh7baoQprXGdGevvIWfUZNg9wCYIsnnFXHrHNtifnx4y/NU3tn2pqqapapd4u5B8CCbqFGZdJyqpi766vDyahA+xmBf93iDMjPKMh3yKuGJcaKaUn6IXrxcsk8p2ftYpHmBh46caKa0WUVoVorQ2lpwSpoEdDDnKZLqFXR48KMFFu3KZYZvMykmXE58DgNS7ZEyS8wOmWXR9cvN9EVLUsSZxk8wjfQmxiIFF+MCdthVtzMazvrf9NGAEBbFWXuN3hsEtUpArzdqbbBUOcuDUVX7DyHQkiqJpzf/8IHt5yfb17XALHbgOK47PnfTTcc+9NGrwoAFPD3912+5nX/hbM33kZR4J3NGIw311lk/G6v8AmfIAF7KhO0DSeA+wSq3xAQL/th1sgohI3WM3eQW3hqkNn1871ciSSV33dKZoSavszNG/oJj10tF7dv7jXGvr1S8OEEBqyYdQKQuirL3z71xPel0tsvwzzXPjH9GYcTFwPCNDPHu9BwhPQWYGEZbUG50iz7qaAiy01jFqTMesURmjdT/ists8v0hhqfpcazPz0DRYATRP0fT4GjFidHNh3E0m6qLpAUICxkmh53qFQmoxpyCRdOPT6roD5MM+AkSy3J9BqQYkud/mqUOKfVdccXLliRMrl5eU0QaeFFMZ1Z0jFqumPmeayYzGo39sbVDiru564FwsjzW3/vVX+yfMzV5ZVHK6s73tzLXli947NnPC82PfHDZ08MjHfjAEksrdYw58cbX1yvm7vxTsuvkdV8523M1ESevxNFan3/dBhC5WDxfiQ4Q4vTWCtmYbIsbaIdUbqqXQbkThfVe41m2Lso/PPaOHp2X8aeSTj/3wiSEjECHjd/3k2THvEOOER1mQhiAtSxSzMJRtaeHPFqf8hV+cw3HjYQHCue6+HpYQ5OV6o9yBVAk+mWPmCXxUi2y7holkJMFUwcwq+/2Q/3B3tjFRXWkcDyC5vOsIwjDA8DLiKxRcwWB2yTK8iIrgtBA7K1jRqiOUksGdcapDkCJEsIowapnO0EEUqUHrtsbVdcNiGrsb3fVDP7RrWy2bVqosrBW1Kl0l2fM855x779A2Qbpf8Jj4gS9w587vPC/nOf9/vDqlp1XmlqEBkVSQgCSIkDwrn8kmSiNZ8ykgpXwKU5q8lAGSkckUFn9JBGHqLdWxJICAgxTzxbPr7zebe7efP7/9Tabe4GHjbV6dQLc+D7swlBah+kT8McoGqHcqg6pnt6eTbWXZSvJSO7vT2hfOPli9EYwofbxClEkzwuFtHqLzQ6n0VW4luSJIWjexg8LIKQ+IGELcCdkmDSxarHxs92UGyIusseGh58N4NQKf76sqXHa0s8eti3VJBQonSpC3rI0/3EQIYTNZUrOXEZKJhLSx/B0R4f/gPzrH8ayA0GP0dlSsZhmWiZXoFgufSqQFCDwkt8sSu1gCH1b8U9Jh9VfuXaw6LrGNHrz5+Wupv4FIiAwQKrGa7+aEIAfk1C8FBBRWRUB6xanEwbeazeVkVUp2WWIXi79H692FoV7/cm/zHqpNmhYaPZtsLN2/7eTdsNjoiFDuZUwIIe8TNjzQxSK73bGTp7aC5CJI9oKj+vMACBV3/0lCxFshknzJy6zRK3X+xDavCEgP2Baea5VbSf3VT+Xj5embRJIsRshcRgh8qjnwsfJCRB5FGCSyhYl930QBwQxrlZRhdWOGBY4HJjNrYdm44oee8UG+PdwuS2plcyGQs9MbY74Sx90xOBZzJxMIIjtKSugUYlycPO7JAEFE8twB6UNAaJU+OUDCmOcZ7AcRsfMoIHyu3ToIZovmffta7mhF5RYuKy6Oux8JDZ5+W97m3aOJiZ+h8AsKxfiLJ46xB6OrIzaAy940v0jY80IC2SttiIqZuygZbzEQQnI6EhKfm1ETDsiLXPjnx7dCCpwMB6uFN3rXMNkP8lHTe/pGepkIIvrZkcJl2Rdzi6U8pOpXfuANHQIasJBkNUJYFmMIbfZCloWFCCekre/R2Ak3SFjrtG/igMxiCrU4Z0I2wi52CNLL9Ua5VoNdayuggNgdXPtLy7JHnfC+nklJHfmkMSbx6yJZHlIGfHhTQjCG0EF2NvjO+ZABQjOsxetKjq/lKdYvBoSwQS2dgJCIg/Pau6lJJ/urR0E1oUaiAAAgAElEQVRIubm5Zckow4HU6K2slc2SA4dw+R3fcHVPjbfk1HtNHf+KZ3BYANwrgZmuaEIHwSN0eRAAQt6oz0wvTyV5pyRxJq80BgE5c/rxow9P8RoEi/SpDsiucSFk3MUpHOflEop2BGSTQ88ubkIlKxTVQXNWeGIAMUIH2s0MdX1XhT+mYoRHAsiOQzYcpUhIE0ZlFkOyYCxLTLMAEWBkDIZKSc2+X7b6+voIOW0TBYRmWPwYPS0dFauxRAe9UdTj3WylOoNaD+TDbkHrK1SPBBOcYpQXHKkyONnD/vNG4gBTHUQxQt166uouEoJXPU7IetLYZSjFAUxehNSBSOGeEvcaZLKAhFE8InH5hc0CrQZSpG/Z/lQLf7VDbwA7l5aWJYMwpOvyYM+4B6UwtS/ge8SHvXY78Rb7cat3XY3mdkN9uH+Il0+kH7VXgQVubgGEj2n4K1U+Ck+SOfvDCVeDehGIIcEdas3wmdTkxOelzcsdpmTicdLd9AJ2MX2bAXVrnfSo0AYG9AaYYxf0DidV4xVs+56eA83X3AqjrkYYyh7pwTvamqJc4eLGgFlhkaROD/RPmkGTLJACJ4Cw21MQQ07RZpZIyJhQpDPqyjRjffLV1vZMgASIgFDPAynDYnqjv35tkxVFeO0QQDzsVq3N6dCjNq/V4WCPduelH3rgYVFRWHMj+ZYGngoVhXXrREBeZUkWVW8vZZ036MLNdwMkL88o1BiNFbll+f8vQAAPVTAsVWTY8g3RNMcqv6eHF2J4g/Jh1bvg0fQgR+G0UTVeYfTCqBYelnzWFWVV33T04wsTyoqE3BvqxvrwJKWvp5cC0qQw0RA0YBYAQgkJJkHEF4r12kY16E0OC61G4x7NlRxx1EQx9QGRQog7IXL1nwKnzeZYQQWyttFA7RAsUHbYBIdFr7e5hHtm05M757B96N2qvd756WXQej9y8cg/QleBeTrJWX2VsiSLhZCE5I6fIiSDnlcXl7W2jV8ZGX0T/BZRWxApw+qUMqxmZpnz2uZd22w2J23xkodx0s6oAepyi95h0FtdFu3rK69fvtiDY6veReeSU08/HB4ey9dV6NYtXrd+XAgpYSGExxB2yllKr0qi6xS1La3LrRjXxZoUIDR+qIJ9FAp0vY4MWBUROye9q/CP2ysvjN6/Pwp4kPyKJVwG8mgw12B1WMmjGQzNvSNDd7VMk3743azT/df6bwz099/6Vt2EJgb+ykDqqca/5+C7zgDBQgTdKF/ZSwDpOPaI1mdG4WEqF8aa8qMmu3b/HCGytYKr/4CStY31tAxWVLJkVa7+/j5TpYndtK3TDGV3ptMxObCcWg59D5UCNhtGSBMnZFECtrJIlnXyFGZZBBHCCJ/M0gmPsCChaLRl4Gqb4LeIantIGVa2lGG1MMscGMOiQyaQYXFZTj29X2fjI0grs9O+E11Nbiw9tvXDzIz9pWvzSnZQQnidDoBgCBEJiYtjKRa7BkYIMXKnDU2pm+HtmUm0eVl6pVLMJLlOoFIZ6OsZOWtVxOx2EkL+sN1EKnOyzKRCv8AqK7sA1SMvKh3Ck5ey22+KZienc6hr1Nsx6qjG+PjavTt3gmPU6hnoh+Ol8FHxnhRL7AiZCkJI0oydh9UJqTnDZdwdOis5JQbt0xXijakpDAgS4i7R64YHjiquWMMAMfDOKEgYSFecBwkgT8UW6N3szu70Be1zCCDVETSERPp4hgRiTcd6g2IZQmOIRAiJIg9F6dGxjB+viQKCgibRvIfV2SVlWG/xALL7BQSEluiCqM4g+xZ5WO+uzE6/JLZAB0C6+kBGX9yJvPwdH4iE0D4WAkKTrFIRD3BipCGEEHJ83DSvOGoymYNCml+pgr3go/VPmp7kr1T4BW0kIeToe1vOV5pMZrMJlnmJ2JfX2qRWtocwtCwt9mNRXvUx+DAkJM6NiWoifMTX18fjqq/dGb46yZ9mW5HMAp2xSUp1EkIoICe/Fqd5s5amxDQ8J4BwQja5q7yPix8rRAlSfipi0cu1kK0AiJm1QIs1D7p4CEHLKZpkzfQMUTJCDjdERckLdYrIGWj3IiMPRfHqR5kyMjJxTRyQ5TjaygPIMnYIYt7H9EZx0H0THXOXRxCSfsBm6+IRpDA7/XvJcDGhg4SQAxnz404czycxZDE1HWXn6QwQWQhhORbLstau5RGkQigVA8gB7lX4bIAwPnxmhiih3xpONvzVypl+y6PnpWUXbnm9vJKsXrIqTb8RH0aPV3YcrJX9w4KDQVdFge7HWR2g2NOEnmr1tFQE16hDMeqmWm6Jo5IIgd8OZ8D+MJi1aGkOt29rLXqXVOmNe6UUa+oCsnvzbinJkhNS4HA5afhwOhwFMo1eO03UnVqb4LK7DFTewCHcazabKgepeVSFMHI0++ZHH33fPmdh7EHonQdBnf67S1e/SKJJVnwjJFlgvJKSQAnJYu1eGkX+whQBaooy5SvjmQChzs9SAAFJ9/Nvlpuejo7eoyX6Co8COSAW/jAWweF06WnabhNGCru6F3DL3p5vU5beGh7+T+Z+RsgHgMirOl0xPyv8GUB4EGHS6cVle+AwcX8bG3efzLAiqz+g/UH4qCWb/ZefXf1bZFD1vLTrQw+e9CIf5eUEkOZBK3sYm9budLHZAEtV57wNfn/nlr1XslI7Pr/2+ZeH62v37oVWStRc0IkbGPgm5e1DDWAaFejp5cO/8ZQQPA+BuaymlOSsW3QXqdP0Pz81yO7NEiFyRLCpqSfVK057al2S3dQmg9Zl93BQDUXsinrYXVpbCwDyRFtkhEnQuytHqlBH8VM4e2VJ1sfwo/e/QEJge5JlWclSIcKiyH+F1jp0maFdLbYOoDJA5kQB4bZSLICgpHu5CZ3PDbve+HMBqkPa14hjWGR/dcDD8CfTOtAtaAv4ld3EP6hV+Ew9oBEEjfZKW9/vAZE8iCJoCVS0foecj9I4WY7FgghyUqHZU+xtLNLkw+VcygfeKCQZ1rONu7Mt3MfLE/pIJG399zXwuDn7TvWcB1pBqzX8j7tzD4rquuP4sOAcERFWKSiv4KzPyq4wRcpDsTcEtlhHCQ+7lg5TLbCCPB1wLStPUQhagRU2O7vyEhunPqNG8YFG0RjtoDaTWNOZTDNY4jAxNKLj6MT80fM7r3uXpC3Yv/Aw47AId+7dez/7/b3O7/eytLSwL68vDwMyCkFfGrxGrI+iw4Ruzt3gpvL6lAx9r8TG4+cahC+uHzse2Ax+J3hhaPQDMhD90YMw0adk6izehoFLiArqsua3RoS139LnZ0xJzj384PXZcpu9+UcJ6YDHoTgNOWzIaIe3skMBCHt6bCbyxuZCh8rhGAJI38vD+B2Wvk1/LOmTMzLyNSWfQP4V0q8zrtNDav4ORlZ1HdMQqxUc9bBo2RE5RVokn/wO7pX+WdOPrPEC8ku6uW4RFxBo6V6T9wTOOjnXUJWETPgpMSrqFKGXqET6jpo1+RkZyXr8ShopPJOOnZAFA4eRHpXcq/4S5SZPqa1Hlb8AQrCr/qvftsAjn5yr/5nCwBIuyGLmp8uIJCMYfPYH0I/LtGMOi2FNcMMU8wKwjYP1o64hqHVQT8762J0PIZdjN0uMkMLS5lGJXprJxu4MflVyfV7ADH937/mEi8NDYZ+jymL4EOhfmzmnui0oRBvdA498Rr7+Vg+k/khuXDF3kFl4rlhC1jYGW8PDME4aDbr1IPT1adqQvXksIYBIEtuPnWZm3fJNUhLnwwWbHxaL3YEsfLa8aWRUTL3Ne/n06eOUQ+eoD1GMuhYRCdmw+iKNcGWknQM3pLyRERKykKRDKCLxAhHYivvsu2eXsMdecYksDAb9pqJinIBcZFul2NAcaOmOBeR7ftYdzOMwmikgGBGL5LBbLA47ov0asK0w/CKmrLAgJfXAyqgld67dvPZzD++zemZGYu/o3T8uxoy8T387Q59Pe9sJPJzrTeT1m99nvM/8D9APNuoWmo92ThgQf6iK8lpbjgXkHrdwumi0wWYYhnuCV1kzNrHslg4sISZ+Z67+85OA1dMDVR5rq3d+NfRwKEJrZfOsW9DHJLNhDe95Rg9ZjJ6xzMZskjrkcwe5F6KavdQbFEcb/uDhwy/Cta1BDdVsBNtkbxyXfZoRouOErMOEOJiPnMyLdWzIzscVmsZOX8pHkcuX797dTACp2doLk9MlFs/IPbuESciAOORfl7KqxZ1UQ2jCkNRlMUKonXWcNrMERjgl5NuTTeMEhHZrkAUkHTyQET2fZ8yKruzIxjdTyk46izS1mGFOei+2sbCEQNs0tfvHrPosQzN4sulNUJHFyXo+q+lPrHOXIpGurEh22tVC+QD9qDhZBDFe6IvV+f8oyH3mI1eeZX3vOtB5AkhpWYxw0vmdSevfvnHGT6CbqHc5frZbW0NC7rEgZC36kACiDT0yyA95C3sVbGjUWED8iZHlVU4qsqxardYaHAQ5FPBY1IGTfUZhduxphYZwM8su5j7xDfuwF4QIiE6EeeXZ8qPLl5+ngPRhQgpO5KSLXg4lS5iEyMHEux6sxI1qCLynxMwKI8EsQISrCDgjjBLlqhgnIBuEgLBuJhDCeiLOWozLcvCYnRzm5fFKCQr9arCEJHav2L9o30Y3/xsilH0rYVMRDMp6N1/MavqdcvfKYudCSwoLK0mGbesED2irWERK3Sfem1cEseADPLO8+gqf+ySJcVlxREKUYV5xZ865TSNJDA/6cVVX1/ipCGVfxSYTAHJUbgrbHqqlbrdycq0cJlC5w7B1fE/bGtrmN85ZCyEvOid9ko+B3hzLCKlSEmIbqyAO5OCAiEShgWe8pEgnQHoLlAoCkV4sIRsHRDrqLyKhTjSkdSwhzM6iiFBGZEjgxbgBoVUm+6N4NxMIYY2IsxYK4sIBEYlCA6O50giA5PViL+TgyqgF896Y4bdeVpD2hKPQcuLNR0yUWvSLZdlQ1lfSikunskuomoGYHNhXrKVJ54R787I0IYR58Vvq3T9WQSzS+T1MQUSi0MAV5CpJg0P+BJu8mXMyM72/FMnQLvC6g62ygqQNQlyKKohaWE1yIoZYWXBXy8sh1uzt5eEJfMxSsDRZAbkQK2uIjAivPjDSmVLYnqJ1ilk63Rr6YQQ+CJ0trx+OiSGAyDZWygfUdk1GX5OmM5iQiyUt9JD9KlZyAlYW99QVjgg3tMDSIhtwjgMm/KsIvzg5TkBomeJ+0U/xDPQbjeFnbacVyTazWQxHYd2GO7gPUoxGYjAhhTW9Z7AbAhoS4Dv9Cu1MUI++CA+NXtZz5NTx59StqdXUstLKy6yy8rKojxlbT0aTOk0gH0WbeN/RVxh/INJ1U9XqqR/xs34qMR8Eyhuokz7MY9YWfmduq3zc6fKEHLynu0pFJ4VNqdSsd/fwbmwI0bY/FD5IGAyuzYSRH1MVgIhcPsTSfDxne5Dl6e4DefdZ/srfnKSAnL7ACNnBCKFbDB0orbg2ORdt2SKZOxx2IxEQwodOZ0QWh8MiSQ4TnS1vGMWAcC+d2lgpBZKmvra4Hp19bz8QQiWkEg5ZcoMn1JmG0GCvcEQoIfEJSkQoJGxt2jROQO7QKizuofN+o09QCznrqiRktNvsZmTjmdGkNQYJLg2ZHWZUj39JY9yGAWku7avBorjqYHfUgrkBvjc0+vza4hb0txCrNjyssx0j8ogeMu0buSzmvy2e8yTeB/BxJKGd6McrjWCTN4Os/gDV19bWa47lfQv1pB0Gc0wZviF5eX0QxYJiRRP+uYHcGU0/4cPHx0dFlyv+vB+AgsziNNQ1VUWaMiyM7hnUkEMOJtCZONCwXY5iORGixnpEmfOBo6npEG6/1wUQRgirfs/qIDFBbIWs2wJRXTPjAwDJQvL0IUgkWEbjfghI+mPoA4KufLaC9i0DL+Qa/OjcDbUrr8kqh2DvTpYw5FaWrCHOiCjW8XECwhvyim4/JIlukeilvZ29Bno2m13kAfEOetUSG7yEOi5ExsUsby4rzNtakHIIrKxFc7f73oVxWpp+2ANhjQjFiMSf+gd06R78hm1m+d+L5HTIUI3jhA9qX4W/CiCs3Q/UDNw5Ru+M4fs9ZC7WcBw+8xq88kqb6Ugw8v+H8b8lXTNdfeizrHJ1nUke52l+bgOQqpK6/AJhzEF5W3B4dM99yPrcT+gUm2jVs5SPvSAEq5h65kxXV8KamsmHkqRJCsiFbdsoItnZQkR0unXYXbXbHS5GMwYjyWWNjIdOZ0EOm91us0nGrNjYrBejkXEUkN17FU5ISnrq46dP/9W9EgqyOCG+N27/mUYF3bGfDiUnoCHYyKJWFi3upYgsA1dEQAKYKNZ4ARH9RnmvBph4MIqwbOBLM1t2VOnwpYkR2HiZJRtcmgOZ1lXteHtd9rZdkXBte/dgDek9AYisgK4eG+9ev7neFZvp1W1BwQu1EWBpPR96zsuRL/F0zX9YTSRizeg4dSQhIT6e2lcR2omNgZanrUGwbkHU1/zOjMTExI2+GIXT3lpQULC1prDZYHZx2GF+3MjjA599dPuim7+aPcvkUSbDsqGj77XrA2/4rp7hFjjTfWlmdbA1IrxzaGhZaIQ2qK0604vw4a987BUbtgID/f1Z1T0RD2eOJjUgPyDExqrZ7AjYYHhg4wuaYhnEXPpY/Me7Ip0AYU4IBuRQ6qrEg291vxclSwjsRfObRvZqEqeSagipyqKEhDNCIGvYrkCEQiLWeAHZN7bfKLRTfCL2D/N9MBgQhggSYV5oYX8aX18kkZC9ZZyQbqyI8/YF+OInCLJj5XUNgEi4aPK1iQYUeFy6SfkFXOCvCohWk3ADxuMoTBlvX7aM8BGhtX41AUCU0wjnwUDbc/zOGMlp7y4rBDU/UdBbUzjK99ZKwzmJK5bALBz8QeXqyqWD9dcjveCheI4RAiKphcBtazAEbj08ITAV6Pzgy5u2+LYtSgct2Zr8gOzaxTVEIKLTOSQ+XWhLFl9EPnRVVZII815QAnIeAOE2Vg5IyKrEA291r4ySJQTK3t2mTaMdHDy8iJXVWEccdVoVR8wsjAhTEWCEGVtO69Q4AaFFJjIfpJ3iE9GBIovzQfDAlPxahHkFILvoo0bKBLCdlZOaeLAbVAQzAs2hsC+b2Ti/IbjVqtg/zANwRUXOEbgiEYYrAk+KiEdPfHw7N6+0VmvrBAGhfGzcDuNsU3OOiQ4Usdtg8E9hTcGZnBTwvTAgPMxrOpHa/dN5Aaun+8EmKzLnlGnQv9k7v5iosjuOx5bmWCX+2RVYqi4SEQlU1MQlCMOYm9JZdjLBMASYxMQEgjNZCJNikEu8pEAQRSBEh9WQQdkdMExiakmKLGJ4aPelD32piU9u+tK+uCYERl4k7kPP7885945/moHdF2IPD8gFzBzmfu7vz/n9vr+8ovw7hYVUYdrduCtDIrIne4gSt0eGzu7e+cm+X+x9Fx86EtqhF8dFzrVFAekqYUIwDlGEcKZK3kX1mo9m4qPHUko5AQCkxAmI9rHmNSCqLQQSWVCRJU3IARIBOo7ZRXVg6AhEbD+LEJmenk6G5N8pAoJaP7ZaXN8SqMUtG0rDCGv8CRD8aGhQ+j5GiEYxakIWZYAFxnHBX+f1VM6U5ktHC56ye6EXIntoUGvfnP5Mn3X+xc4uKFT+jGwAHNJ2oPEA6yH5OIHm4/ZXhzYMCLWEFZXGPHVtyjiGzNbHVyUgLZ2z8n1AQMqE0ml62RavLIUzT3gn9JC6prE8GnEag3fsjtxeY5UkZCdnbrOzz3LiNikx9S7lCHu98f0tC0iJw4YQIpIQK0TThQJmtKaYVw/y0bNNdRRG3wTEDkLkG7O69vDhi++x6F2ZkEabEM6/w59fhiGDDjfr1Cnb0bIhoQWoTP9uOkVAniAfSWJYN1yuLlbBE5Y5UV+jq5fhU72ptNaqEZC5cnIi5QYpCdERlo5WsG515eF3/3mCnhZIqO3bSaWCKGb0WzQkKhH3Dv/wT/ICfEPBgdEHmo+jhw59+sOGAanyNe4fy5cGZL4voQTuQpGGLrdrFHJvIBg32xdeNJVCnLsTp3xIAORbkaWEkXJBzXfKG19fefTdurfyTCkgsitj+y85dQt9hZC4PbDjfXzYoLzn+tYFhAgpL3cakQbDmoyaqD9pVGtCYPX3WyIE3wu0PsYH7BuAQBAin1yvQWNU3F8FQJQJacr0oZN14DfbsdmfbEjvFTwOodpeByEakbt37zogkWtDgMzYaoqXUAxrWcitgURqSASq2cNqwFXfYAgzOhkSIZzECIQ8VoTQSQ/ms9ZEIGSJB0+hW1KaEelpUbE5CkQds7PVjPRbHuLvgXKJx13GQ7lXko+DP2zCgihAWkZARxX6zuXLM7tcI50gXV1LgCSEEYlOWuL5cF8QJNqRbvgfsOlyLK9wBtpllvF3H/lBYjS3O3MXnrXvg4VpYE5MpW1qbVFAStxIyFW0IQ5E6iOkRA1K0/VOPPqLMQ0qAqJHhSAMyA2O0iEIWTfwd63272e0CRnbD51TRAg0+6OXtec8pLKODA7YgQgjwoywHfmMSYGVKiCs1KDF4ljrp8ZkUZYJK9DADhbyUX8Rc6HCCBT3IyBoQ+zHgDQjcosJqJTdNhH4awyFBuWNlvExdCzJnVyBFqOj9qmneu13kxZe+lrDAcmr20cRj4PXn23axfL6OzuGX4Ww/QDETCLDlxaC0s+tjQMgrlecwTYXW2ZrK6EoADqhd9Gv5xbcqfTWzXauoAmKGi/9UL4sfyQ9A88AYXFmKisr60MDxF1ie1kOQvqLJw2eVTBJcBAf/ePyMiQTA9H/AciymnPw4oxtQlB1jJwseDCxDcm2CTmkCTnFhDAimhG83aZTBQQP0dGA4Fj0UR4IUt5vqlkFUY7QqR8sEtg2Hp2Ql8cZECCErAglI8DRYknPqFiHlFZBbk6TL+0AxOu7IaQdoPpLPtV518v/GtgAOhgP4AN69oCPgWebCtJzWExx1FXSb6lZBYlLbf54rdcLE6DDrlAItxYViZbZ+D24+yEkxJaybkgRe+pm+zr0nIPVOg/akKr0NOiJgqUTt5vkY8sCUuYmRLoUIpTOkoyoqkTTsumQ942pkomWum8cgKg01n0lRvgoZpuQnP1NipCP936kCDmfnT3US4HIp0mInHRCQjcarRT7Up9QlaJWahi5oaVMVCe9ZeoAHTru7RnisFEkRDJCkPDToMytxQhX4t4pYqTJl64YuXzF0SypNoG7sBdcUWxA7AHWA/EYvPVsw2letAF5FKUvjSza6arlsDQgIOoeDy60lOhXvdw3XwvmYQyeVj7i405FZbAzPJLg6rRxsTZfew+KMzHvqLJTWT+Bjq0PSDIhiEgSIBCYIB8XbDlb/WB9G5B2LWeLoq6Ow0IZp6MI0F6q3Tm+G1JZQ1gGahPy1s112rFSBoSqsDjF24FSJtCJXt7ar26XkKka7rEfTANi4k6ZEAcjMhzp0qOkluEGxJQWxCIZO9DROputO10YdNgHbkQt+RXSofBg72pgcPDWkWcbPChkE5JLed7O8KgDkBZ/3OuZmvLU+tv63PblziC6WACID8dR5RUVxjxtLSPDxfastbY6z0xhQW4jZFWcCaq0Dw4QuLvd2s3iQ0NApPXCpMrnRvr72XrATRNlGXcr8l5A+tqe87j6AMqbMCFjbxECNmQPlGXBiSEcqiMilPG1b64T6hF8Gj9OpNh296SQlRrmk5QaQMokxMrnYlIdgaBkS4hftTFBe6XVekHBAicjXezDTIi1vk48XY9VFOXldjdWoeb5J8dJwx6KzDTtx3g3uI6dwq9vMxvSeEg8BgbgsOHKlX9u/CR9F0q6Sy8p5nSTouJ1m8Q3FpN/AUlIh/2q5+NTOOUDZERR0wL9s6URl7tVT+t8vUA+Fio2oRDWT19bFRDXewlpptx5RNRrOuA+Kabz5ohotj0sBCRhGoetV+FwS8fKg3Y173m1MtmEUCYrg6VdwYZgshe9rCMDDkIciPCTV7soqQNCSg1sQIZJbRSkTDhVbYqLDgsCVf58uZjBaGU8LlrCCH0hN98zEQrgw3g8FBgJw0FDnfSzwM3qbpR+1o7tWIhJtfzX1V4AEsXJsdu8joJnxXhcvz54C/jo7d0QINqE+DDOrsBAe5lnNn+7EJR8nJmBVph4sIUvh6wlCMDvyNAJAWnK+eb+YePRarDjRuK5ZWAueDxghtsAkAIC5GciZMsCYhOiECknR2tum7AiEUuM289SfIxepMsvJR92COJaXBaHb978XDwP/2gZZiRAP/QCHmLKhKA6OBGSZRNyfDedGA5h6aJExOFoyactM+L0UlJsu3viUGpAA+JiA9JT3AxnBfI1RtWAUh7AOEmXqx32AxIWEfH5zZuHRbTnC8MwTQN/yEgMj2LWVyJCkUh3kw8SWlRoBsotejvACaCC6xAvRAPgQN8K6Bi6fPnvGyxWJELUYEJI1S48ly/PDLSvQ49XaWEhnP5VeoN4ORIIrAex9QviQTAgOQ/El9fk1tZGX4mAaQphRkzD+rEF45SCsUYfavH+LIRsUUDg3n6LEIVITcQwIvWtDjqkOz431zwJl8nB0oAkcCrhr66JV99iC0lEGO0P172eykpnmK7i9DTsQ0M9QEz2gpcFSjPylrquCFHeiXK1Tipn/nRqd9FTBgSUGkBMcbFMiyk210yE5L0+DqpG1dqANDcXXzTl1mrUdhmQcWwhOfdHUU3J65AwAtEEdIoAIdLNumcTAoMzbIlV3BAxojGRn/Grg2g6wLdC56p3aOhydvYGAVHlWDTZFsb4TsWDaw+M+yur8i8PhaL5+RCJVdb6Z+Xl9pVVv7zzoVSmmzysv2Ery7kvRQL9gnFLCOulu6Mz6I1BKjjz/4CULb5ByFVNiERkrjV5zWG8Ooc5na5kDyuihsi3czxo3vdzweIZnNadX6QGTEgTkoGKShiG7ISqLPCysLZ3cLVBvwAAACAASURBVED5WV+hEbmt3XfNyL9OpAoI1vEGlZiiq4zFFHHos+6SclgQnHHtSGBBE4AEhDvUzx22hAq/ZLxOVYxIiJcLtKSblUajZVgfjxDBHcEHr4NoOogOxIPNR/aGAVEmpMomxOOtlQsHQkF2vYBOS6GawO+H+p8pyk0jH5n7ufPzDyIU4KBxoss1stRGIUgOBowfOCDDQIgLCUlCRJmROYUJ/gvBIT6u2gYEAFGtnNeEnmO0WiffqSmHj2UTks6ESBuCqSz0svCZyw9dct8dZoQwOSk/Um2aeEp1vLaHVQZiisRHjRoMn+RhIR/Kk6RdgwnRbdx6SJCQ4TpWMY6OdEgvC+KQilK876rSCRFUsmfHEfY0KDlxLPk1oYHGQ4ngnj+7CUC44IQmzRXll1ZUzMzIP3gp6L7mjo2N5ULNZmnFTAyW/AaLXWb6fL7Mf+gGe1WCaprukaUFvycGxSb7lQH5gAFxDQ/bNsR2s7oUIRoSRYfiIyVA4gCINiEMiHxzqtLxBArDkF+jquweqlx0EuJAhANctiUpA6K1fsjDcoOYom1AbGlV24DoA0LcLxHyDkCM1rnHV0u0DaFcViHcejSf7CPqmiS72Isat7dgDQ4SGbc0HEAH4QF8bBoQTUgBVOTKxTEfLomIvFoKS17n8yjff9k735Co8zyOUwg/PMtsb+0sDySUVgwc6IEt5h8GBpskWta5qVkODhrWkVNG2GUcRaPyblf2GhFT7mg1BCXykfQgbG5o4OCedPTgaKFH9XihDrzUnrjkg/t+/n2/39/MWDNzsxxz9ZmlVivya7/XvD+fz/fzx+/3G0DOGkA6YpMRvAVRLqO/dB5W2QIym8iBiGZEINGGn9R46CRvR+qFk+liPdBNId1uCVGEVBMh6GVVsobgpTo+TRoRdNtNGog5KQQQnPXDHlYX7TtozQUI8sEVJvfNcfFOaOJslovVP3R/TBMyydle8F3qYUMZ9byQ7/gZQnLj+vVvcN4tY4FkKDRujBs4apQ9KrKjEDUEhlTM07q0ZqpcqA+HL4fD9bCE7ngT2HH4LLxDUZlJWLtYa+xieTdGopLnCh8poYCUKyCpWSak3U2IQcSChD8mPqbaLAHpSGw5vER+Zy20iPUKrwkQ9rG46h3idJjVS3u8jsFw8I81Ifh+e90d27KMfPIXY/kCQq2EGILQWnS8JEQP66I1nZsEhPdb90t5CR8cCPkaV0399jfOhRDnH85pQDBQh0wWXBnePtkEzUa0DWW/VkZARDGijmYZwYF0IB7Ix6FHRaxg07chSkOgy5gM+gtAKSAUD+MStYZ5UBRSj+pqqsP6Gwbpf/i9dxer024NeHcHIzCKmC5KSheBlC0giZkZQIQ1BBFxMSKQaBuz8DB8pBKJDafx6s2zzvbw7gNnYHTC2Yj0BVUQ0rOiJeSklhBMH/KmO2j1h5pqqu3Fd1sT22oZwRzpJwRKgYDEJ4djtBZdhyAXAZBzmQKia9zplPpWaGjJabx5tdFZbD3n9Q6MhpxFaKciHysxOx1LJ9dFQk7OMyFU0s/g1wAjbJoKRkPDUXNI2ePCAbGcrMsZgAAf59EAEzD1M9KBq6LUHwn/1Tl786rT+FPfvyDN6/W+We+jbeiKDxUqlo6PMgbERYiks5CQKXlOCJMxeW7cfDAgs1svvN4HW7HhdOz1i7XtN9DMpiSkB3wsDNNRQsTJwguoX/EWL9SQKo7Ux8eZEEr5GkQ0Iz/mD0hvIBglQFJZgFzA/YtuASE++D1AELk/dAmSwpeuqT+6MDCwdBGEhhUkpQAZxhv1Fdwjfpz6wqCzeL84jyAjSkcMJIaOz4QOxKMoQFwKolwsXkkL1dOQqjqPywX9SAn8oPEAQlTg8o+1r776+7+XA8HNV2trrzahrRgbpqiwtGQOVtkCMjM9DYTMSjLLcrTckIwZOBgP4IMFBAGBjsKRmMxtuLceiYiPBWE6dhZqJ+uIEEI1J4CIDtWPcu7nzy5GhBJl+QJCzbZ2EuuMBcg5ncMiPqAHZIhapOSAktOzGpKpqAC6Dce0ggzDhXqgx9eNDetXgH7ovT8s5BMjNYCJy2rECI5DHo/ncbFTTWiS/bwKx0/oIH2+wYQb2vSiwQNEFeaHT7bcXfat9KDad57AaxK8zy0hH2ULyIiLEMj3QklfV5uFiIGEPzR8GA9rlgEZhklM8Xg0ek8DIj7WCSMhl6niBFNZNFCJNcQmBBAhR8vNSOGAZCsIr5o753Kw+u+f4dJ2OJ7+Flj9llLDqECiTkNI9KZtQFhCcK+vTcihmj3skMHDU1UkIKgfwAeOAcM0bws0qzTUXz7i0gyhQ0L7ahmAD3+suxv+mW43N3FjQnUJHayyBWQaVsxPGzcrIxSxIJly0aHx0AKSE5Dgai/4WCQht1FCkBCKFDGVBQsoP9pvheoY1d7Q2VFgBHVEX7W9LMbF4hgEgnTMYsmsH+BD+1dU0y7SqL8PU1ap833KVvBEIOoyjK5jr7oAEqZaAUxiCyIej4DAWGgwNBxgj4u9B9E3hXfwphAvCk/QhsjzFiCERm0FvlyeWXPzSWXNpiuhlAF6GQMyErMJSbkI6Wqb2ro2ZVPSpo1+Q5fmIwcg6wQI+1giIRinN9BGetQQaFn7yHhZTMg457MoGBFESEteFh+kW2neffu4SlHrx9AZ00NszF3JyYmKKeKDhzlEIxCDZAIC96CgIUiIjYjbPEKHp0hAKJig0Vh3fYFg3+ZPm6hoHGubh92gYWmIBPeQCFY/sF9Wcj7KF5AYIkJuloUIOFobIccJbbdlmaaD+bAEBAGZjFMQAlF6L/lYcpvOElJvCMGmTnqU8EGimPao3B7QHRvdRDMmL4tN88pFYeuXF+e86mgL2AVCFSY45mfKutgh63BfEbVZ6QkZ2D0YVwIC84BgBhgBgsMpfk2EoIbw0FpPDquy7XHBxYqoA9w32+nrCSZ3t9XR1t4k14O+TkkaUElubYXriSdCFCLISLgeja4QSXJKykfZAoKrUHMT8sIZXVgYdZbewkeWgGQBEuilPJbysVpEQrDunZ2sWhp9fFjiEEmMHj3KKkIyYhD507eFAbIuxe4ACPpY11o/H/DO4dEumgQvz4nrkqBKW0YKvIs9MM3HZBIEpIe2lroA4fBKCPFkMsJU4M918DpYBCBSrIhdhauR3YnQ3OLSgPM6HulZ5sYoCbczn3dDiP+INh2zlJaPcgUEtkcgITNMiEln7ch8nx16LjQcxke3BGQPQIIBCUJcEnJFS8gB2nGBj1KlIQRjdSMilox8m2/jNpeayGZ0qsUiCVmg3rk554KOP8i/kvZhPBB9SyB/YeuqnFt2ak3Go1gEqDwsyI9qQCp+wcqoCIH56XUGBm0efCEeVXVgxQKCjeWdvt6+5Db1s42GYsmAjwpG9szX1loi4qcLE7+FxwdAABBYhSpelo1IRzt3Be6bmOvKsvZsPqCfEAEZhBhE8rzq0bF8LFtCMElfjR3qlpdlISKMXBcZoYKm7757VmixIgQhVM3LhHB/3a3QUqsOPyTuxow10s5mfWcS6HaxYI4wHpjCQj5aYKkv3yCA74iHopnnB5GRuqocVkdsoJ0uBpDq6iPcOBuMxrwyIW5nUEoOsSY39/MuiBAlOpqvLTke5QvIYDYh9IbZoVdJTeSgQy5AxMEiQEhAtIK4AMHxJiIhDQ31UvMAuV4mZL8hpIYu10RFNCLASIGAcLk7NkxNwbVfv+lJn8vBB4lhzNgI5zFIT2bpsNY+rb4AOFh3O1tuY6WsAeQYDjzfbxNSV5Xxskz9lv8GEBj9k9y1hjb0UVPHuwDRiFipLozlPwCivtXwfp8eNoGIiEiqIzU3ICMM2t2GcDAfKcOHASRTQdjH+lRLSNO8IQRzvSYOYUQoHyqMcCUTUfLNs/z7QXRHIYfppCFDIZ7OEFr6I0Uf7F7pzvoYHkMsDW8iw8wKoQMD8mgfIwboPhmxOs+JVS4TIB8LToWIMCTZdpCsrgSAyDLCnSxAcj+4JqmlraLU6lHGgKQnXYRMc+UJILJDjvqisyFc0Mt4VzYf2sNyKQiM9lOAQKKXfCwjIVeoVMh/4IDWEF7BYt0+a0I0IgqSZwV0FK70BiP34iwh7XCnAYTw4IkF51I/RefMR0KGe6Vxr0YcDTdsICbIibK0PiO9Bdwh/QBAzFwKDQhi/zZCDhorHhCavRAd5A15c87uYDDDxdrr0a3NfP0MeJQtIIP4r6/+6S1XYpYcrfaB0ALM6Jvo4gCVwNBwZPDBAsKARC1AjI8FYbq+C2FC6DaElhQdthERRqSKSVPypKChDTy4GgjpgNw11I5cC00s7Lu15B2l+btT1uBEnsuinn51BDb1v9FkNJmMsyXhF3UpDSR49Yhu4kNf8DAgTAgzsrcVpyAYpM83n/hUBenRN87A4r5bc872YBTGI9pB+tsf4J8h7Pi/ACSegxD2s9pGYdvS6BbT0M4vCw/mAx0sKwTBxysDEK7HYgk5jgUn6GRhkr5C57KYkCqLkAxEbjwpZOzPCs/FAicrRYQoEWmdgB1Sc/1wKY6dw7Qki4YLcy2Z+votW18XVBQ363S2VTybT/NBKSyrEFMDkh8hlZWni7wHofFW3XcCfZNbITjaxmA0IuN9zvurS560fW8AmUQfQtwsdzyaSGxtbGylEh05zcbD8JEbEAxCljtFQlyE+C1CtM8uNwdSm2FVw46PPylwsqIQAsOrERFwtD7f/vramJkpStGHVWkJKerg6uoqdHirn1aDLltFNiQ9h4XKzbwQnh7HCj6OBYjZmZkLDbLTRdRiKQnx00XI7c7lnmAk+ebV681IX6Cns8VVlVvxAZBiAEkyIWlNCAXrjEgilZALZTccKbpL4/uCdwEiQQiF6QyIvi4UQo79MosQjybEIPIof0A6u6GpEJ0sRcgMEtJO5VVTbdL0ReoB0QdG3tEoX3FCTVOv+o8sgLYaWMVPiyyqQ2GRWTO3uugKGj6NAGITksFIpWWniy41UU5WE+ww6A0EgxQYLeMciXApJ5O8h4Cox8FGZJgrT1yMJPQNgJh80uDh4sMGRL/V+vBZaiEJacpNiLzpUjaLVlNYpbAIye/yBgTXgyyvICGgIemR6ZlZ7p60UtYdEpsPpzkvxbFFz8rKHfV1++7Qy5gPbBlqX9lpFEUMsztjncUG5OPKd1kxClJr6tZxaAMswemWW/3SV+W+Z4BsUgwymJaMP8fpTISu781loiV4b6aesGlKgbKIQCh7jyhZfY72FO0Htn+yPQQ7RfYF22m2x2KPbMvTxYK/Sf19z5/3RdbvJePqiNgW0mGawvRYL6waUV+86WTpe/52e7ry1HUcc5ZTe5wlL8uT/e9PZRr8zeoL+IHOTF9Wxhf0P7bvyxGQh462xsZGx/rIsT96h7l/c2P2L5fcHv6HvbONiSo74zjBDldEh0GFQhVER1bZanlPatIPDpRAigTcsmwERHypgcoGbvyyGkGLWtTUsmTXNfOBOA0h5Q4MBTodZ5fKvI/UgWDGaBeTrdRkP5jsV21iYtLnOee+Duji+x1y/6C5DofLPOec33me51w5z0uZtoR3YIxoqPgOo1HZOW9VL2laNGki+gAJT8RFoybCmmnL0zRNmjRp0qRJkyZNmjRp0qRJkyZNmjSpR2EPY3kzd5oxufOXo3Eh1mFepuOmTtPen2a8DobDi2SLg/XQx0EWh4+dEltwHhszrfwmzuNg3S5lP+a73PzwzLhN7hlyFWSn7E58Bmt22Vi3P1ldxgWdrM2naA9v02RzhRSvJbucJk9Ee85q8djwdvMWN2uzxKlt3KSxiEbT1KXAlI92tMUW5OxOfB7kt5ljQlZx6oT8AYcSkFmTJ2gOWTzKEbAEnGRQQqYp85QJhwJvovfagYtZ16x5xmFRlXFm1sL5TDPyxdNqnzVzfrviHnqLz0ssldqbbf6YsMs9jyvFrDno9qht3MSxiErT3qjiXKxj2g6dEXCyDheEM0Fm1sna82fdVpc+JsZusVgdPr2Ldc+CB8ZlfHrBLcyko+NMAfx/ENBs2o0LCOcISE1siu/SO2i3LVhd7GRQPF74y+uCG5NbJHs8/FPYaZuqjPO7cXrJp4ybzLOY+cibuIi9Yvt8Ny7TYYszTogjw+obN7sSkHdomrrkgvXDY4XO8M2aQ3YvdrQ9xLntXi7oAFvtVljNGa/PbHHoY8L+kDnAwjoRYHkFpI4OMth5Tv+iP0UJyAwjemrhRl7ZoJDGi8Hgd6rKOPJu5TOAY8Q1wc3fwy2bRQvaC/I5VDhuSkDepWnqciDoF+NYvjNCTBx0WDAmZoqB/MAC3W6HVSHMwmqeL0xqDIzizLzipI4OmPDaa1kCIFOMuBAJN5qQDQouafztlCue1acq48hiGWLyZeBzwuWEwi46ixa05zVv86tw3JSAvEPT1CWO/C9LjDchlWZZ6IYgmulj+QWbdJMNzWdgRHxOB2tyLu6qF+voCVhopl4IyGKDQgFhI7844XapyriFsyIgzaLF4pDnzKI4uzessnFbCMg7NE2lgOgdrqB5lnQ0zF6fVdHR07SjZ9hpzmxxLt1Vh2GhmX9DIRbwEVaVcW8oxIJJlKy2cXtDIdarmabSECuEPR54cUdbSPbsXNxVkzvlY7L3oyGWkKTPLx5iiUn6a/Lxto17UZK+WByysD2ZRHa9KsftuUn62zZNpUl6vslvnnG/uKOnrbNmvzXCVc9zs0yAy6fbhV7nIrM4meMcfk7+0GOGbPP6IxjgOKeL4+TbvHI+vPjLcaoy7nnbvFP2SLs8drRrYXucRE78BcGw2sZNGIv3YZoKt3nRwQZsrP1HXHWyy2q1RG4l+cjvi/nxgZNVeOAUGeui7NhU7G58UGiJeOBKmmFkJT0ojPgpjLqMCzpN5OlYkBEsoU/TIsJ1m/DWhfbyW1C7zGobN2Es3odp6pP+ZbeHXlERj5mWjXE+d3i5jtv7Mk1FWXrADK56/p38LHtoeRrnmlm24/Y+TFMZIE7W6uU0415LYc00TZo0adKkSZMmTZo0adL0mvmXdrqaZpp2cNzztYwPsdRM044efX3FMUd+QXX69OmzZ38HOnbs799889lnfFmAz/8klnKlp0+TM5HxQGQ8lfnWrZu3799/9Oj7777LLep7OD7S1nGjuHj35A8/ZDc1DQ4MVFQ2NIyOFuzfv//AgQOHD+t0unpBcH0YBK/DVwsKRkdPnDjRUFlZMTBQNzjY1NS0n6mpbm9tMT57UtbS2l7dyTy+caOjY2xsrG1k5H+vesKz7KDnF0p+/DQ9QpucmX2bGAv6PkLkxfsoaCOesX1rEeHrd5hONM069wBtrK4xPpDaLvHwam6fqsQfNH7zppfpbW/vNrofiTaCZfRY7n1cdJ7ujmQQOAgexyJKkol8/OOjj4VK4Ns3b0opX/2TVevWxqbmGE6eu3IxI/OrnXk7cvv6S8eb28Z6AJHLx7Ozt2xpqqurqGhoOHFitKCAp+TAYaoDRIQNAkcDwlFRVwdsbNmyJTs7u6VThzzV9P63BWHS9Ro72tpGmpvHx8eHR5ZYI2C1XvFRri+nn3pSF7yclgZPSUk5KAr+sWcP+TpfYzBpRez6NQmJBkNj2qUzWVcupKdnZGZ+ue0r0E4ivNqWmZmZkZ5+8fyFK1nnzlw6mZbWWGUwGLBsQw4qAf9KJJVO4PO2sRsN6ir71lZDbXTTtljrYYl10vetVIuSkmgh33jspTmmGi1qZ+4Ye4lpLR5DYkLqmvWxsSvW7otOQKgHOS26kGOkpqVQlezrz/8sEvJbgZCtmzcQQlauWJ+a0ygRcq2vhBACTuTqJCAChAzWES9CEUFG5Cog4ukAPAYkPI4/Y9qxh3XVDNNKLrqYxwSP4eGhoealAoKlZegfvVAHHNmgeFA4UhSAICEUEQoIlhWNT000VKWdBDzOAx3bAIzCwry8HaLy8vIKEZQvCSXASNY5ZCStkWdEkoEUOrlrJMTruo2ijXMGwlJCQmq0ASLwsZ70kqeFGKTrdBi7yEWr8WZiTsKa+GgH5IgYZJ3lq77+kVZ9/RUtLPP7P1z/29G//garVf7yww+2bz11aI8+edXPkmLjE6rSzmSdT8/ctrMwb1dRSelQ88hYR0/x7qu8DxkEH1IpISJCUiDHo4HiAXzweBy//JTR8Vzws0hX9rS5uRnxKC0df1kPgp/lekmS8+D5OMSLdyLlQhnnlWupAxH5QDwAjtzc3F27rpGPXbm5wEhh4U7iSTLSJTdShW5EyQi+4KrRCexTUuqZBwIg0eVBkohkgNzr1PHs86S0M/ejHZDaI3uPEPGZCCLC1w1HH/K1EGVd//QjiZAvNhwkhKyNXZMoEZJLCMFEBAmZlIVZiAgyAvlIwSj5gLgKsw4ZHdR9UDwuTz5juvge5j1IvfExeo9SUP/wkj2I6D/0SjzKBToIHBvkOnSQFKcGF7JqFQISn5oAfJzLou4D4dh1raivpKSkn7yXfrjqKwJMwJWgI8nMyEi/SBkBJ0JCLQESA62TdaeMctEqsN8ebR4kSa61MkC8PPu9VqNgY9R7kNq9RAIihBBF5XBSuu+fEGQd/ZgGWR9+8PPNmzak6Ff/dCMEWbC6Xsq6QNbWHbkYZA1DkNVRvFskZLAOwiwBEQLJKA8H0kHwoN5DhsfVq5NlJIjV1dTwOUi3cYx4D5iS/Q+X7kEiwyslHzI8ThERQmhxanQhFJCcKjTxIvJRyOMBcAwNj4+P88wCIteIJwE/8iV4EchGINAicVaVDBFaR+42Rb6+xWvt5AOSqmjyIBIYvGhh4tScRMMDinyX8Vumm9r4bwMCEs05yCd799bW1gqQUEQgERFSdZKGgA8BQiBPFwjZunnTIZ6QBIkQyNOvFSEhIyRRvwphFiLSBE5kgDCCkEiqrCSZR4XgPJAPHo/du4ufMr1duvZO5vETY027rqub+c+QsGCXPFx6DrKAD1n2IdBx6tQmmU4J1anBhWxEQBIS0y5JeVYRwDHc3NzWNjY2RnbVxnDvYHyotL8EIdkBiJBIC7wIn6/zXkRQlQFmT72uvaZs7i7a2NUJEVbUeBDRaShEiq4mJCY23itrrddVtzjug40wfDXGOeAjNT6qAanlRRGRCCFRFt3Koon6p0cxyPr1XyBP347VIfeQnSzoFyHIKsyDIItuZXUQQiaREIiymqgXqSBIEDZEOnjnISQfPB4ASPHTMsbItDxuG3lSgzXeKB+IR0nfy3qQRflQ4vEFajP8QUQIIeBCVm1cxwPCB5E7ckkQCT5yrONGD9hY3NPTc6NjTIaI5EUuZC0ghEZZjS4TWPSvuaqqu1a4sN6lHiYnCnax+JyDr0sK4vlAQhLAhdz0YvW6e3NZV+5gXT7HnLSJFbWAfFIrfCAkxIucFlN1OSHXJUJwq5fuZK3Drd5GEqJn7qSEoA+BRL3n/+SdW0yUZxrHI0iG80lURsVqOWhRdyA6u0xXI+GkYmAoh92sWlY2WQKuiCtKtiS42K2phyI1CtxACDAIKQQLyWrcOLTZG+MdicGqaZeb3d7YWzExWbPP6X3f7wNsmSYlTPdBORhDGP1+83/+z/N/57O0WcwI6YiuoSE0HkY8jHrk4oXnb/W/eDE3gZOrsbkX305Kt9/b63a7A1KQ2OgF7pzkg/AgOm5shUqT2qruvksSQnOIOGcbCMhN4MPjpg7Sj/iDQnLhD9zhR0jGgBGPabTsQ1+riDyYmXnqBS2Jfz07M+uM1wISFbOiAVF40D178Z68SUkhupJikvGGxNPw0Ohe3fiJNy5O6UdiQpACcui3ulhGgJC/EiHUZaENuXeVmixahlQUDRTcysnYTjfgRp+OF5A0WV34FAtGfXB0snGilS8iQ8jxEWZE6gjRYcSD+NB4dHS0Uu9CfJjeCumAyg9AQebrh50P0g6hYzsWM0I3PD8IDw96SATko0soINngsUZ5jM2PjAqpVoiAjLj7NCGXL8nElzUkjn7F6ztax3uVrPDGBAUk+VcrHBDiA+lQ93jXjOCd7eme3XxTe14EoUFHPoIckEOHDi0kREvIuyIhOOoVCcFdiEgI7kJQQjovpoCHzd7pQaM+Oq6fZqfQh1gRUTVCdFjxmJrSfPiZjzrNB+HBfPT19QYwxZonIMZ+KD4ID4Jjx44dzAgRUgMSsp52PQxIFwpI/iTz0d2O4Es1NTEiraB3Y/mGkBS06vMkJM5qRvBdnN4oIh8rGhA10g1Rd7CHHzjGyAgTwre150JThXyQgAQrIKWHVAkjQMgvqMtCH/KXXxpCaBnCPj0zgwmBSyjcELKFCEGjPkhtOiMy1d6uGCFKgJPjIhy6t+LmqttCxwRvzTUdGg4PVO+PVBA1vSL7gd0VqwehkaELMUnbemNjDY0hEkJiXAQICkh+IY2w9RZU9YjonoiRicaxwnw3tlng1cmHpNtXIvFmmqWQibPwEbOCATErD6aAfnRiRCNCypKcTPTAB6RH4RHcgJSWlipGhBClITzrpSaLRr3YZPn6czJ3sE+PXYu7EGmycM4jNoSMbKtfrDoTIoxYi/60fejD06++616oHpMy11V49DEeHo87EAVZqB+GD/Ie24mOnp5Mrp4eYGR7Gj88jAtERCEgNwEQd/4o6AfIB87mRo4MiZc6MoKPBDstIKSOCUENARsy++TJzLQBJF7t0xUm+ktusFYyIIYPnFfFV89+8QXYJxxSURcVYhjh9ktZFGyvEJDwYAXEUhoRQ4hsQ3DWS4kTbrIkkrWx5mA0RrJoknUlHTdpu6jLcuModLxRWXVkBDt2poTeqDUh7WgqcxyoT019ZaNjXOgg62Gkw5NF5Q4kamIzIMZ+SHOF6pEBbOTk5OyTysnJzMzAXQ/mBVaDhCRXX+kkBXEPTrYCHyAfx4EO3utQUOYwhgBIRfImxicL83v7cN578z+P4aE5/jzb4vR6zU7dndtlqQAAIABJREFUZXIn8qXLxXzAVbWSAWE+oI8CPJ49dNTXO+489carOa4ZaFlK0ZEA3yBIATmzCCHv8SgLCPm1LEMwtnj2/gn26cUDHDghn07bQm6yLqZsvqmMOg5DNSE2RJrojRorbK3an6eePBp29GPHf2l0NWHUQzVX8/HIyuoLYIq1kA+xH4qPjAzEA8C4tZ/rFjCS2ZMhLityTWiEtyVdAQICMgWAjAwdLpH0DC49Sw4PKUL8oiHgQ7Y9PlAWFvbh+dSnTq/WD+bDpTlxUZ5R9CMIAAH9gP/sB3fqT4eFna78bNqrBrkhtr2IfCV4IB/BDMgZKoOIdFlIyD8MIbQt5EmWRLIwcSKRLHhSaUkXQrJplFU4NonrNJxmMSMEibWmwJV3f8fZ1rDzlbRQEDoAj0HVWvVpNiQcuNOz9BbLPsBS+gHtlW6uAA9go7+/oKDA5xsY8PkKCvr7b+3LQZsFGgKEhIBLv7i5aw8DAg0WCMjhYx+YXNlukBFGpL07z08agoR8zdnWsPqvEBCV7UUfayuxu4hHRNLyArJG1dIAUQJS7ZzhJNDR1EdOr5KQxAUlO3f5BsELCLBhEEFCfqM05I9/skyycBfSzD6dAyf0HMu5d2qyVBwDjDqlMXjh7BdCCJGpKSsc6DteSWLvtGPONriyioeFDkrPZi3ZpL+RjxvCB3ZX+wgP30CR1IAPEcEHeGPjOmiyEl1e6LG27dnZlz/GgIwMlQAgnN/H0P7uzz/ANgs1JK+jtbFulGzIE0nsnXS89sqqg/CIWqSEj+UEZI21lg4IGHRni0olXn/oJAkRQBIWKf0NghYQhYdBxEKIZV2IuxBpslSqF5osiWQhIRxYIg2hwFLhKCKids4ESa7ar8kXeXmvUlVsd66xUQ2uQD20eBAbWaQc2VLfLBGQBXzo6S7wwXhAc3Wrv8BXVFRcXFExXIU1PFxRXFzkw+cA8Fk1B9duioirbgMJyfb0Fk7k5SIg0GB9/j4dbsFjX79HETlWMoSEoFEXCfmXju1O005gUTLUwEdM7XIBosnYsMEQsvCiXgBIBAPy5XWJ7d5xVgsgoYmLcxH0gJw5s+qMekeEMCDv2SQEU4vXPpHcO/RYFDghCaF1OjdZKvJKTRaFlpiQ+Yjkajqg5iTSetLx0mY9DB5ZcuiCag9U4IAs1I+t6D6Ij/39oB2AB9BRXl5eC7/Lq0AkiwqYENCQ9SFR8S0oIVnuwomO3ClWEACEzkjiyUjUELTq0GR156KEECDfSqT1+h0nL82YBVWGDsPHMgFi6OBiQL7/+rYpiBLHysdaQUIT34RWsAOCArKKShCxEmJZF3LgBCSktkqletPM4UIgpLqlTULheL7QQ23WKE6zhJGOPMJEqgP35R1+f2XlUTpf9xzUwzLV1eLBcOwhNKQCBcTwoe05mXPCo8AH2gFs1P79dkPDXaiGhobbteVVjMiOtLdqYtcAIVc6QUKyesdbqcciD2IIYQk5jBIylZvnhx5rEAD5ho/VnU59VM18IAjWEjYsM9FlAUTDsWnTpkgo+LABAFEZRKuxngdIKKZ2sZt+yonkMsdstYnrfj8fQawgig8kpJQ0xPh0i4R8qiWkXDKLOOrlgyEJOMnCUW/nZTLq2ToWTtMsir76kZEOYYQ+BTxaJ+ZS60+WfXyg8qXdeljx0GTwKddAAdHx9hqL/9B8DBSBeBAed5ubL2A1N99tYJ3cj7nMjesiEyLinOmXt+za6Z5kCTkOErL7fTlnb+uxEJAJAiRr178dlSfLrqc+fl2t+YjQZQGF8CA+QpcBEMWH4MGIbBAA5o1m3zTFcuKZ87Lzjn8aCxL6A3wEtYKsMoSIhChCLImTq0ZCKoyE4CiUJllJybQM6VRdlkJkdGyyDhnhfDhgQtXKUXEcW7187nAc+GqCzlWweLB6KO1AMAQNqcAA0foBfHB7hdPdnkzBo7gC6AA4Lpw4cf/UWaxTp+6fuNDMiIBXT3srNjI8yVX9ERIySIQ04RwLx1h0yF5s+jFqsSwKsmvb148djs8ePaBnWYllWMrAInjAtblMgCAekZHrV69eC7UaTxeHJ2ADRcXL7/mCkKAkhI7oe2e+dDgezjjjTZz9B/j4WSgIEWIDxCIh94yEDBsJkURGeGhIDI5629io87lUtuogIgYRWzU2ch5x/GWdaq609bDiYV4egV8sIVBATD6R57voPzLFnRdXVNXebgDtOHEK8Dj3CdS5c2fpiYAIgS5r67roTaHJYEOgyeotrGtlnz7Eg14ZY6GAiAchQPIJkC0pz56lXwEf67LHlkLUtahLZcd/95MDInxEIh/RXGuBEDx9n8SyJvvveSJiOVxLiUTv9HQ1rwljkuTv/zwBKbURQhJCgPAgSwECEkJ5E3W20BxPl9g7+HRXvBePFvHRbZQQIoQP39UxIhoS+pzoqJNTeXZnPg+PLlv9KEC0gKSRATF8lAMfF1A9gI5rXMiIENK/r2f7xoOrwYZ42y5u2eXJH2uUUW/JMfVqLdZNiDbpWTu7bm5OuZTe1gJtiMsaWVoEEr13XhZANB/0rxMbG42vwJFIOw4OIKorfjEJUVksTiGrpAnlrf4/ACm1SYgl1atPTt29XWUkhNbp0evRp0cZQnDWS10WWnV1QLUOKVGFZPCrlJiT3RZnLsbDsLFNCj8NCBAVwMIBltaPnkzsrwiP2tvNF4iOa59evbqX6x4+VDojVlXs258JfSRoCBj1S5vBpxfWQZfV3fQOdFklJSpuUkJ7kLffaScLMjbY68nK7tqScrnzoytOWTbbts0hC4v88U8OiOJj/dro2IPkyv5Qg09x4aF0aBY3/i5zhiPhDWlePYNj7JegH8G9KLTadHuP9TfTY/HhW0pklQ9rCeFABvn0mCjVZKXgJAtfG8cQAoiQjpjiE92jBg/jzFk8tHRss1dACmLRDxpgkX6AAUH/UVwxDHzcBfUgPO7t3fuu1N7/cXf2MVVfZxxPQHJ4L6DiALlgfiIGFSVBKioa1umVxqDYOyEhISmBsqvUeDcVA/aKvHiBMeulSDSFVavRep1rquz6morImOgyXSgv16FOpyW2m9sfbkm3pNt5nuec38sFU1gCjRwSa2ls7sHf5/e8nO/zPSt/foCCyKk3f5Qx/4PC0FlYhtQuSkl/4wwS8gvNsgUN70iO9fkP1S5vKs+wankAgQpEvpV95RS3ZGQGfql8TDggKh/TgA/sWeyJgckef9ScbigoKNjwsrJCszDBXIy601KPOGUByZZSkxGAYI4lB0N4jqX6yEn/BgwhcyiEwPBd9zW3u9PDCXnW2+PqHxxwuR4MYSGCjEAYOcMpEesMKnXXGBUlRjokHM18xdOC3yYmPh3bU3RFU2BpfIjzjwxIr079mJfnu/ZB9OB0LF++alVaWhpYgomDH0Dk001vfbxswYvrbve17qCw8uFBt+vrB4+sln//9XMauIchl08+QccJ0GK9/5moQFIWAR815VjHqm9kzfDAGEZke3WCAcECRMSP9W/H8J/Hghvt7rNHT4f6+3j4Hjt7+109vb97Sec2XDdSOEKP6D9VAcnK1sUQ7azQCxBjjiUGpyCEkKYPhu9+m5lX1lTBehs8LsXpsDDF6TQrTxamC0IQkTVIiYRDjtGOxCNVWBYiHYQGfhEiYwdEU/CSAEvGj4zVlF8BH1d3Nh7kuRXisX83rv20XUizLvAsK+MrVtFUlsduBD1UzE6HlZkdTsX8L+H9JZX7P0M1L48fv1qDat4WqEAa8KQ5KECfsYyCiO8kA0LxI27u/HnXWUlTWaat27+LWR0OM//FrvTchdatj89ohfrImfQx8vGqAkLTID/VLxWQnCJ1cAqfGLVMVw1O4JwAQghPYo9klhzmiDWxhz3WKjxEcvj52ZXHkGZ9BIwAJJwSuch/QdfWXeKVWgEc8XKZTCb192MHRK8wgQJd5YPXH5Re7duybSfHg0cPDsflyyvOb90q7FdhwwcbMYb8hTXB26Mss9tmz8dT/41++RarHLsncRmOe73/HslMlqSktjRDhU5KjBB82OQZhEznDdYgJO7znwRAKIAAH3MWtHaxX/KdHa5w3yGjHifb7ldl7ecfOkQlxHi87uX5M/qp4tQCJCtbj0h2thcgso8FgBwkQRYqFrFMT5o/9wMKIV2ZhzEIVfQL8YjTnO+Xbx4EG0KMIhhG9KtNzEHpz8zV5EqHhwnoMNE/MJaMAxDjCboaP46dwPYu8LGjUeWD41FcTAbeOCq2/NLBRogh7RW4s8OZ7UI8YrGgF6qYmeSUkHIG5tLPrTlO0yCJ8bWHRILFnzXkQ6cMlG9iPSDhkwKICCCQYM2dt+xsGW7tQ3aRxCP54Ee2kXmkfGRUgZWBkbHy4f/KuprkGhDRNO+QYhXtVav0NC8HICjTQYsxHyaLeAhpL6EqpinTLDV6HBT7o5QUQgTDyNI2HknaBBlyRnDJyNKD46GyYVzw3bECouNDChRF/Ph4LY8fkF7t2Hng4ErAA+mo3rs3WRofaTHkgquJtlbiskh9LqjYH9BU2Gdw+vkeDnr95NyZN9rQ+gdavAkaHxAcpPRpVEIiJgUQkWFBhR5ZGDdnftKfMIDAa80m5IdOK3ih9oWJKsTXGCrE/0OXJ0aET/EIkqsRopubytVqkGrhb5JGs+mNAhCZYy0ATS+EkM6RgPBMy96fmiK9bAkRdX2kjkGpihKv5MpEYSOWlklEkvECIhSKcIKOAiyIH2vfFPGD83GJ+OB4VO9NlpdBVBdjDIE65OquEYA4FASkDefCxAEPSC3PrDlOng0tifGx9QkNqhAjQuNDEDISEHzMJhmQL1RAXAIQuwBECkiMH1GNgjJLnPopFgfBG5EsNcPyBuSS8CEFweJbVKbTWEhhZOhNkWLltYs5IbsZJmq+lF7owMjSx0vTyfQ5PV03BpWSMjK3ongRqy2ThGQcgGAA0SkURfw4sZbnVzx+8PTqAM+vBB6cjqKczTlo7MIRwSyLQsjf8kSK1SkcgyHF2s6eaDa9x4+f+/VxaFWnCzxMsbUJ5ZrSVfABskAAREibvn9AMjpKRIrVSY7B+TC/VsruYeUkZs1v3VIFKHwftAkSNxo/+9QEhD8RgpCsbPzSmzcYANFsSLe8SwZAJ46dzJi3QJTpV2xQpB8uY54OGMfkP+VSXsma79NtAYDIEzdj7NHjdCMdusYV8tGsJVeCith6lRHKscYKiD7BIgUvCbCgwcvjB+RXnI9V+3cTH0VFOdJkkm+8+LwIITu2fMPKYGslttsuCyck38lfAVXWnkWkOIP66p9WxpSv2/ieUtB7lPNxqCaqQCRYPhH82YxGQF4SQL4PQPZwQJbdxP7DhxVnuzOh/5BvV6r8tpsHsPWGh/8B12yM2a4RLRwQPIRH+S8dGopGVviUPQfJKUJzXsFIlhcfyZqFnNrGEiaL6CG3OqN1HjmARIbesWWWlOWx3wfdPcssTjNjdrvCHsW34IUanJEvmdmx0amwx2KyXLtdY0Rlrgse9WLp8qyxA4InIF584AHIpnd2QXkO/atVaZfPIx7wpshSy69kGMgXOda7X7G8spJM24u4bpcCu1LsFsYG5W0hKSkDzFq60c5c94GOZsQjobJ8Q5jqbG5IsHTxw6tZOomAUJHeuuwobI25b0ffUMywNbOTb60P9Pk4qxLUzyylpRbWQUcj4dPhT4O4Ea8WCgiQzj5jOEp/Ve8HKVIJyc3CL3KQ0wDR+fTKyxAuyCLkmBy9hTL9SNfFi0e7Q4IW3+obcDOn02pxOFlfoiBkoUKDH0qP4e4Zw5m5hofJiIdExDR+QPQKLBRgkT5RjR9p+1ds1fNBKgIjIJv+8Xe+tS/mxsUcudluYw671VJqZ8/4x4lv5tsbZk4qugZa0HMU+KhpiIKHTBjT+utKdI2PUU7bJhQQ0rmrx4Rxc/grI+nF9YvtN/+wPtrnbm+/ouDWrEqBnIDso8GPUqxKQnwipgdOmxmMxvfhvjAbYpBuTU1AkiG1UBkxOiyS1EReqKMBItxNoAhJohwrJhJMpMR9Gq+FFchy1tyDF5ZxAAZF99fBHuvmZ3V0iM6VigdSUUtLR0j82AHR84EKXqrPsYEl4wfPr4qrk5NzNkMIlS0KBOS8WoP8ZhOIFpNgRj00+M80BuVXxToTEupq6/lH6hfdX7sCnxxv0GngBQi8hIWSz9j+8T5G1wiZeECiBSCRAAioNsEELC5mfWD4jCAxBsVJ75NWkG4xOmh2V0aFLQ7xjZ4WvC5y/brgWdFwAR/ZQgapZyZTERC8YEpEEW2pTu+ajbUXIFil8yIkqXUBHoWgy9psupFp8WsFdOzEnxlbvCCkX5GXDj3Rz8/qO7vN+uxKh4dAZNwplpTwihHC1qSTKMDCBpaMH7svn6f4kYsHphIQKNJ340nIzm37QLIoAFkXfFv0IPysHQ01iEi9W+3+PkM8kA8aApGAyIfHmFt5KbEmGJDpEpBpcE5YiIDAmj8nrnB9oL9PSJfoQfixzoINuAoU2f1VeE0V9gPf2TP5nwTt1uyIABgtjIpSE8kpOlEI1xMSIYRIrsqHNyDLvQDBKn01KHqpCFk3cxZmpjiUKX+wFpe49HLRgLAv2SgASTXgMRoftbVGQOr/D0AKySJOjIBoAWTLzka1v6vyIWQEublQpONBCNToV3dtOgXDhTyXjOMR5Ih4zfop/VHllRyRQ3U94jXrYPW1gAe4jcpZCb35plfw8JoFmRRAokUJwh/zPQIQ+OvjgEz3nXFTBPl8NhhFq9ws7Evs5tjamoIgn9nBkTHgqBc82xcuF2uoxFCJ9cl3hZBXFJC91XQ6RozIpd43RXyMBgi2sfhzQ0XIntN3TgdTjgUhJKyDso4q1vHQ1Dw8/DSxZUg8WHZlaGHq8NBwaurjofuEx/DQfa/iXNJRh0sXQsbV5o00SBRJoUgCrC3b1PhRXK3DgwDZDN27FSof33zzDgzfQgB5O3RmoMsqQL/uKfjW40loqOwVD5bV5TlU6fHci+Lf/hZ144u7Pbe0aSgdGAEB3vOEvr4TrMWSk7aB04JFAJnb+vzFH+n9Fgkmq6+L15qD9d5ruMu3VpPQrwgDrJ7hRJPH83rglefPwcoiNPC/Hs/dOv43UptQyREB7dZ3EPKKAlJdrBEiGdHdx1as3sdGgBwQgHyKZ+m8Sl+GRcidi4yx9m68cYYDEhTmYdAQLVX4txUbY+YHT1vcCs9N8h38O7Ye/ovbxf/Tg/stLUOP+L/1D48SPurqRgPENF5AZIKVcZIKdDwBOXhpJcWP6r1FUJ2TdQVMi2EFUl28ez8lWP85C1t7LpT9/CXQxZz58BDBRsz/4+5sY5rK0jgeHNkTRYUMCNSRiikNJjsz7GyyZhYIyU0me4eJkTpWZdOkCUZjKqy5TcaBgOlgBy2UCbEqBqlh0Ux2YhOyH8SKLwnQAaTq+JJOS2tE1nWcrl/GyeImO9mN2fOc55x7b7GrkuAH7AfFCgmn9/7u8/5/YKT2mVmWFZBQpO8EIJUdhsxo5Fp29g36s9LotdRBwjkD6Skitq8bEGFANuW/c+BYyVgQMrh32MHY2HQIdl/ZXOxo9NIFo4eSBBrr3A5+waQBiX4xuWHdzjH6L2f8MWx5oISwCP4lsg2LFJDd9VBC5j0WuxAT3dZbzYDwVTppAXkqtfT5+1qkW5DcwJXZUUIcMnE0KBYH8Sge+cGj6QCI8BKroviIQ7FYyVH/USk8fY9YYeW8M1ksKh88+mjXXghI0XwtSCofH/7ltPCv9u3/Cv0raj/e38XtB+tmFnzUV/AM1izZ0+vvqw1+X3IMNiLA3sJhejQT+61lk4UeJmRIyCDCS1yK4qJ/NMikz98oDeaMEZeFHn3gWqFexyStJpbIlb42QHJ1BoQ5WMdKhkljL70EI3fgaEybJm+ImKwmOIfHJMNhIsaoCUR46SWkF4xeR5PU29tI+ktGiQ++KfYua8qEAL7wZXH6YgXkHCVEWBHt9YXgQzUgLwJkhDXy9rSMaIuTa26PDhC2f9NmlUH75sfSEz88CAi5GGpMrLUZGX4pjpssbY4Ypq86hP1oTwVEGJDi+QNSopZAmIN14eDez77q4gVCCND1fFBAeJUQ7cc+iXXz9dSOrmdzL8yJnAgNEPytwUW3kBnDs8hIwKSge+Kmh9mTkdFLopipcMv9qUykEx0VJuR1AaLxwTsV163/CXuU/dIYaKziWu+8xFAQf2sFSuoeMn18+n5Ylt3oHNsy3aZG6NiexEyFQn6khBR3mJupk5X3EhOySAGpv1RRoTLyhWjW0+1MFwYEk1hduhiEA3Lq109JL2tY6CUTPEwvo4QYZni+R2Fdi+HjNFaP8XyPwwVv059qdKrCcdMp/lX7/zcgrwyIGAIRJfSvNT46y7l/9f6W7dWb1WmY6mpuP5o2YvwxS3p4h9lNNlkM5bGVhVnDPN/TAH9bQ3a73cCbmXivhj8jo2VACMcFavR70lM2gwhddzG5+hoAydWpKAIgq1kZnRoQbKDJaByAKB0AAeWNLJGz9kGnkBwxHn/v7zx6dMP19EnwuBgQwnEPfg+DL2BCskTz7xsGyLlLGiHIyJccjy93iwgdAakUgFyZC8hDfhf1kG91gNgjatawAe4ZmAUMerSe0Ux4gvURVXp0Ri1/HErnYIkyyDzmQTBEFxH66Y/OsAAEHKwjlRCg1+9mCSw9ICxAhxJI1cWu/fsO/ukJv4t6yXU2ec8cyKyyQTVnTfH2jdTU1FwV2V+rCw7D2FelR6+KtWu6VwoihWLVzEIDotffXYNiP8LDEt2lfURYEAaIlrOmoFjvFxlL7/FnWCawb4FrvUe0NnoCf/7NByeMh9qoj6XNj7xRgFw63NSkMrIbMQE2wHzU8wCEGxDhYV3Ze4GleVVAxuGByVrebi1Xfawce5R/sPjkCcA0YJhnDXGgoo8+mU2cIgtJpg3Q0/AxD0D0BuSjr/+wDRQaoER4sVzlY4fgAzJYO4T9qKrs+mzv5+c/neUtmH3kZMFaptLNNG9Cas4aLEiM3u8GibOPAxX0A9kTlEXv77Nm8fJ68W+WRBVbQ6BewuvRCwpIChtCSbFAADLawi1IgGcfmLhZ1ois71geNrSak5x9NzzoPABIi6DIFU4F5K0XtL8vUkCaNh4+LAjhjIihofpzqv1I9bAOXoBK+jefCEBOBXDspjH4KxUQakKemVw2S4PF5jOxyani4umpIGYNFeLw2Hz03uupnZLxxrKG59QH0/LBAHlVVZObKR4W1Ah5hA4pXh6AQIZXtR+bq1X7UX4R7MenW39GRz2jZbAAl6ZD9bjGniAeejTFZnXAYaL2msRgENthLcTqsbHwikTwxrI5Qt5W+mrjL/jaC6DA7sIaLmstWmcXEpA5CrxrUUqxQBRBxtEx7qkdhjLv6gLceV0WJRY3HE1MTuXMxLgp9BBXg01m4VU/Pvvcpn+BOAVzscqWqfMj6RlZpIBsRKECakYqKCTnGCaMDUpHBYvPmf2oKi9nfCAgTLwWKukIyIZJ0ujP8DeSG5DkefstvI9q7HHC0rw06lOszuliSO4S2CljkeEreuv1tjiTbOW820XuGYuMaSroGh7IB0Qy8wHkGPRTnMIhkK3MgICDVV7FA/TtwoBgBQTyu7wAQu3Htq1nTj8hR3sy/HukW3D7FJbRUxkM1A7E+NEs9DDhZ7cDcB6rkmljiW1CbWNvbfj2FOwGUqxyolvkqhH87m6z2UxJaeb7PXXyUgunrKhX4NVERguwSlhHP5mSIamvh16CwFnYV8rbhMpyDOwsxGRS6GFCuRNO+JeLXiKW2CbE39MnDV4eYdfREfjdBxik27PLVualjtfPZWTRAsIJuQRmBCHhdFDzgf4V2A/NgFx5HpCSSSepJc4b0MQGGpb4oLXPEJeSqbgoFSScNIaJz51pMdGPnpgsmW4fIRIJJouPx030/51RiEA60gGi4wOr8qXzBoR5WGc+2aoZkI0QobMWrGp9hVC1H137wX7AsrlhSaolwe9gTRDTbaZ4UGsQgcMoVjhM7LbBSSG3eUwAjazA2/Rosbut3fQJIZPgDD2DbrAFjtfeLirunJAFB2SOQDXCUQBiowBIPnifN0NEksjIBBOlUXsgmqfgMBYHHG30tycJhdzmg0tIrOxt+iOhm/knB+H/HyRx9r4NqumaMp5mR94AQOitL+RumiAa0b+ahHtVVc4jEDQgLEZHQFglfUPJ+psPx769DB80RukICI84XM7ITFFREtOHNgchmALxkfg9plTy6IdI9DGkeI26Dl6tRzEFD+hamYcFWScAYV28287DEAj2mFTwCJ0DshkLIKr92H/lr6JD8c6NyfG/5XL3CrtLzHdxL5bNGo4kvM0RTPO4KQ14YiuJJuj3dXc/jkZmjHrBCd4vQE/Jehp5U4qYvlg4dfdcTYF3eQHX4OVCo6ClB11qdTvrrk9O3lqKVh9ac+F8Xt6x6JZj0etr6obQl1IIT9DbZOnG2fxVq9csSUQjyeJSGH1pb0PtL67NrW8M0COySAEpr2SCUCB5cxhFbzQ6hPlgfIgQHQGhIchW7MVCQNYdeKfuYxWQvCwIQhI8SFfIDL3JY2o0rsZ8U3w2iisyzB0B6XiOD9bVdeK9+ViQ9QIQ6DJhHhYOoYse9x18lFJr4YVJdOxQhAasDesP1OGOIOhSrmmGBkVzd1Q9zF0aTwREXEvUt6Pe1rZu6PXljiFqQupazgCRbn3bFutrXCgLkqtT4C1YimzMXYYNTbnYt84UqZlXbPCa4+Iwzpy85QckHo1TW2njZ/zj0hVL1769MttgPgRlKaZthCcQ6xx0anJvACCoJ8iMiMqIUIdS+aCAXDzSJTysz8HD+obNg7wIkBk1zRulN0pYzYyqbz8QYldckKHoeUS0SUL2FC6dj3i13sUSgHAPq+qwBkj1Zr7xYRdv4a3sBLWiDEkmAAAgAElEQVQfrcU9fwXbwwi5azu2J3ZHZHGYBL3HnWpmVM1Zx8GAIB8Ca1WCmzECNVFmQ2BJdA5Xt16wDVN6herVCMfH/CXo2LSKBR7MscK15zS8ajV3TKmHMSxbfoyIbl5u9in7E7n0Gi/JyjG0tUNVt52JR+Zkl+maA5aJgP0NAOTikU7U3KSIMEiQE8aGDo/Kzk6NjwvcwzqD2nECkFUrVgtACtGCWNJYkAaivj2l070qnjOCrp9GVwV/8EZ71f0gl3fOBUQLQTRAcIpw+/YtIESM9gP4OM/4AAOycxNqc+sAaY+qh7lLAQmI2prOgtDva+9gE1XQysxGKkWPP1ACc4dG1vvb6uUt4wsISK5OYZTCgcoVMJsPL/pVXT7T+luzBNYTG7ytmFujv3FR8Yn7sihvtmWtKUljQa5SZwp2hDS30icFmwwTO0rF6vfstFNUixSQzq4jTJUWHa0qwYiKB+cDI3QKyH///WR2LwDyc2hk6OHT/v5J1g/6U2godH1irH/87PDQ4DgCUjOCn67VFJx6FI3TsNbja3A7TNiBkuki08dLo/F4cjoSjzxSbQhQYozGI8lH8DbHg/PBpxMXEhAcE2Nj6Fv8/h1NIKj4n38M/POXX2ZnH35IDciB7waHhs+O9/cnJkKxUMLbCi7WXdmHHrkpGP8fd1cf29R1xZW16Kqj2zo6GCgSH32kYaipSEU2kq2or6A8KUKqGx7S66IhBXXxnDlZrEFS4c4Cq9RbQBRnqQl24wBV6eIqyz/GhJUpHzCphqoEef5KHayFEDNQIYN269Rp2jnn3vv8mDQpk8gf4aEI59ix3nn3/d6959zf+Z2JZIo529A1xSUYKA5l775x8GGyMJOZvk5VuZWiiLJ6JjNTIPNqMYeYtSPLHxRAnizyEjEk37Zs1+Xjx8+vWQXHn6JDo+jM5W2wblzycSoFpw/XOp9Ojf317QOAj8qcGVDFEv0XBpjN5vPZzBjEq0Q6d44nE8nxbCKRl6UvvLzKNL9ULISxIGSBAuTQnkOHD8tZpGYzR4l51Eh4SHx8xlS3qt6r33GHMYOpzHAz17V1a6OU5iDGHtMUFrtIAMkqus2LeSt8z8Dcocbfd9i8bR6W6s5FkNHIFIeiJCzaV/n/MnNVXgmPjXPtcvshVUv9T4D8lGRMXhYiDc8+28VUgxlfHjl0g7vmMljs9tpPBuisFTghBU89ta8TV09J5mnzOsGCHrktroHZ5mCJFUkNTp+uiCu30RQ+2jCjMdPcvZLHIfgIFpneBweQYuFHY+mVIWagM+uuDKCPDH8bOvb1Sy5+1nSt4efqSmzD+MEt5m/DHKOmiFEjH2FkwezUWG5lhknX4lmRiMMjoUhzLGu2DVmy4NtA76G2GGIWEermFnTU/EjigxZYtCvQ08Vu3sOdD7saLikJ2dnnnCbtww0Ph+JtcCoxAsjO/AjeOjZsOc/CBnM2YHbXhksRONLdBcXjhV+4OblShiIFTW+DqRy/0s+mrfgIcImU6v8HIL9dS/sgKDZqiUG+L4V+Xn1ZqLd0CWf+dgN87DGMIIp9uP48QKfnoQ0PrQF8jOKSpKwsibx2lG9p01hIRR+9OmuDpQh6nHgpj2lgncweJVfJpfOqq6e5mb5SycGMeeDXFIbslGusBwGQIm8Xa8+X7VozUnQm3BNS3aGSkqAx8oqLjwwMmE3RcQgygcrqd3//lhcBgdUK8GwLcR8d4LqDXJsOZGBkGojg36ZHJiRAdibQ7NDoKyPjVGX4HVhkLXiA7MbeGISRgwc5SAAm/F+N6JUB8BAZ3t1ql2AnGG7cK+aqY+4hEcrRljkW3ThZngCyYm9WCJE2aKqgvOHms5fFM4Hy8jSstbyiONcTNwvSrzoaOOcPzbFuEx0BqSDUN+eKQkQI30k/tfVk3fuWNC+XwuIUZqx7eVU6c4N1ILMkxHeZx+RZkxKWE+OMcb4X8kY+wmkBXphtbBZub/QCrNAHiI0pdtLTUp+4Kq6b5kV6qqjvsELmsR4UQCQtEfDx+rWiM2FUGO4RSlhyZPxCBVPXKp7p/dkfjz713k8USQsweFTl5dzeWzNV1dWcjSnMiX2cNbPi3y4ad/GVCWtrz4UNkFbqzCdmEYCIwIg8zuLsIfHRes8kXRGPSpVsNxGb0tATC1SJCoB0usxyVCt9yZPCvCe/1NJckOG65hOfoq8syBxphamwVTVnVZNGKpxbR1QT3EmHNRYXi9v8mtBSlFUvdw3TGeRRSZ6SqlhJV8QgSzzxBO6m7+1UZDkqu5++9Ng3FmflleCRvFQnnkKzzzRjGIJTCAHkW/MDkMbSVZKV2KEiNowOIRNpjoxiMshyAJC3jj71u/dkWbHc2BGCi19s6e2blleCHolxWmPBkb/PHCsqHi10gOyX3SupAdkRQgni5CxC4yBHx2Hq29d6rvkeKxG0XaKrmkxXcZM30PjT9U5JgMi7yEyBcgJsvBzbfNiw6FBmRnNSvJ2Tf01zuehMyFNBuJqvmmsDHdoyFgg5deJkXb2YQigKIbHqn5NS9Q//8OZdt+kMsvGkjirTLGft0dHH4eWCkCWFKfzsPgLs6JJHvkZbQB4zM1qNjYSqqnr/Qb6b5kmK08uwSxsBZPn8AMRUTWY4YGIRAHDxWIWG/UQqC1R/8KsXfvm9H5vUZGaR7F2kfPHulr4Z+XHO5qWtHHhaJMl3+ZUurin5MACk/Uz7fuzQJxZaRYwIdBw5LPCxu7W5+StR+BFmnKouayXE9bTJ28LLRhEguBSJSUkcZhZ+wKPGkcZWURE5ufN6kG6xLRL3iBuSzAUBjyI+NvTOucMUIkQksjAK2WHhmhBCkFjDC14+Kzpjwb49ImYyH7rBl1AfY00xpjQVWdwiU6BcbPXCk99eclFxir+hhGkln0F6pyzLk0U+V2A1D9MRIKId5nwAZLjoTKiIfUMmp/mA0UMpu/qZLb948egLLzJZ3CK3Pxy0NpzZ0luds2JfTwFAkHrZed+c6Uk9PAA5c7qlhTBCTV4RJLKTpehniehAeLQ279/fPuDmpYNDA2qopEftCNvtHUF12MVLBx0OvIGciIZoIpscG0vmMyOiQA1WszqnMHhwKHJ422ewCE/jenJaJJ2YpGZS5Qk0O3T+lSkLOkQyqG+uAFn6uGSuriVRrK2o+MPrQQ7yfjlvviaqJWs289LBkHrHAB9DrAtc6wqzC3yNIc66DTO4YxcuHx8bzZ8fjfHngpPZLUV4fuUYkjfGHF646/zcHE9P93GEpDUv3HXiKzMBKcLYOT8A4cW1paJ0MMhuMjs+1sJddnsYqwLFyGBkBeGUV3ONJXNXb936+0xa4+WRfnDNLAFt0CPY2KEyDiPTJs0jY/m3iZ/8xojVnHx4lliDTacHW8xZRGLkkASHgIfoHd7+L9UdDnYZrtlZpnYF7Yy57SqLXLnGNCeWYjttfqbZbDozwKzoOoMXDFvO+yFosWOFuk9RUKTzKm4oB67/RfHbfGTWmK4rrhz1ILyekmYsVReLqyI+qvum5giQRzlCSjlCIAyplRVTSDepkZs+nMr/JSPXBk7fZEY46EbXGBtZPyzO2gZnrcMJkcckPYqu+dHMggB+8FEh1z+iprH9Mc3X5kGzTwHXWGwKF1m9UxEw+7Ge3afFJ+cXIGYWq/Q4sweDHWr0xB300WDMDu6NbovykaGz9oCP5LHmcYDrbqb4aByDKn7Iwxw2p65MozJ3RU5xOPEv8G8V3cFSE4SQrAsuFDcr0RUPT5DetKO+vonPIs0YjIiJxDwIHICO5ub29jMtLf+8y5gana29yVQGr2DK7uli51edx6QnJs1VQWQPMdRC9jogLDSYOOhFJMJYLCH7OWdcjMVR1YRkQXSN1lOB69KspAuW2QM7r9ODeI4AeUU0q8RMDi6z1m/aerJuRz2Xrbb07BRiLV/h/sedpto75ATmQnvs6u31N5HvrarCNTUIj2BfA2Z33TCFStfoRQw+OXQeu8Zu++bjx4bBNoJpbi4LEsOpr69qKq2Aa3HUeZmsmEeAiClkKVITlzWiukrs+DtPD6EfDAUEQu7IJ4/iKdKo0MgYIYhScAawKR0Yigm38EeJqSg8003cxN8U0mBJ4YjrdCHSZVjmUpYFMxuJkc6LaOwLAFnwad769wkhgy3tOItIiOCxh//XyvEB6yvAx2BTU8vs6e11tQN2RAaPSOwjq0p39Q/DAjcEd5XhpkW8JnSxujA4jMHNFOqBqz4zWR4oAAoqzMCiMFlRMXmVL4cbYNVBbwQ2FgAZk4VJc/KQDRT4Un6OdxHvVykq6NZApI6dCUlX8VwrtbU9K3s+U9eTM7Oz9XW1n0IUG+oQ6TpjdNOmTZ9HjR50rYe5aRGvi7A9iMt6Vwe5Bk+JDxvXXOpfhV1jS3chRJ67dPGxxeNRh9STFLne3imYTKamUAa+fH4BQjvpSzkRq7+/dNfrt+GUQ3ajh/dy+Oi7SxZnR+xiZNxYvqb6ReBHsQoL03sdrmvvND53abzsAPJ+iGE5nh0HQMQ8IvLMlvFSsInsRFnZRLZs785iL+kFD5BP6+q2E0YGcRYBkGBS6xzChA542YzogOUVwON0Uz2n8c5aI9kwu1LauMxsoMMw+2vIfixuynmJNi1GRpBaJXWPAFBRIStx/fEKy4HQsKJjg+wHOkeA/OARamhhkaJdL5RNBs+0m0kJzjDjDOXttVtP0K6BXToTef75U6diMjOqkjcyBfof7s4+JMp0C+BkypPm+pmZ6Wb2pnnNyO4a6B8ib02OuIZRIwwJsXXBccJLDRfusM42tGKYwnKZuem1Dz9m8iq5WbcwEyIyC7bZdauLpbaVXcuKitVgg3v7J+455/mYsY+L3OyPesEFZ+2d97zP83vOx3Oec+wU8zos4nqDvMIQXimYmrawMDgpOmiRJv7aNCI6bbXylkGYk7Xiwznp8gA69irAVgWYXjvvMg6YCvP2xIZG/qhGRidpZGVFDOIzEbY4xJ5npCyMD+WHxbbRriDGJ2WqXZk2ROe/5IHJ+iqRW/aJAFJQIAg5E4DITqKE08HxAP0BfJRvLi3d8jogh9gxAOS1YGLt2wBxjL3BB/3X55oOSPYqUZhU4iFbVPFGh8dnCAivgxCbpCrdgJVFSmTzmT9SVIIbkeRe8XLcBk8HVaBQgNjyOvI9XSoyakFpZG1eO20IcUDmsEFRYGjlyvT05SlYrTgcCFnAFCDUNz5L9QwCyQ98kDCv/5wtb3UTjUdZoqJg0rZNC/P2xcxPuK5GBj8+pPKsWyhSOUdser3MS0+MmMfP44ukRNwDlrUcjEMNAYR8coC0IyFbSksFIYCIYmSnwCOAD1IgRe23bW613TzH3pu8Y+HCNtnE00xLsOgJqdG2dJdsFTmxIoCPbMSDWBiRwcSR7MCLp78q9aH6SZ+e2Sz6kVdki8GmFrytK/ohtKW+uRx9Lq4nKT+ZH5H0ejryJgO2m+dY+vI9HoNq4umgnTZZ3R2XWZuYb4fYZDKvcJrGC6anJCdiPmB0v1O8CGq1xUXJ5AqkUQBSM6uATD+IHksH6SO3pe6vq2u4F7AH2mRuCy1JremVI+Mw+5XjJrIeHcKCduvl+Wkp2+MXRwcFhWLtO6pbUZLwylYrk7UbAgjZu7c+EJCP3kn3egwGbwHYWaWoRQgS1CPTrrPofZwkPFB/FBUYDBd0t8XMzHaH2WJnXf1tx4qP8ThpCzq4bofOnE6rFdvo6BazrYvedZPF9rDx8ZjPNyZcb3Xd4RFHJ+saf3RXoJH1aLx3fCIrc1qDQ8Rjw4aKmc2iH6iqDjmLMfOAkYjixL/yaFZ7wRYRmeDol6sSFDkZaT1mN0DusJvNFguI9tvt9pd8nbWjg2s368zlNFpdGorGbDYMVGDgOznlxUB3f9ttcFpyMugMQOL2wvCwQVI4ZVbWOzwhUgHWtI76ekfuNDZ+iFSTaeqD8FgdVb9vaeba9UfXr+2ikbFYzDBw8EA37zYO6XxkQDQ7iWYC0dBjtzOzTjH9w+ZfO70Perr7rpzD41WkkJCRkgSK0odUGzXfyL19xEhq6q1Rn2/0FvWe+0SiWDc6iBBpZ0lEzp5VcAAd6H6Q/0H6A2fS7S5mcjlpwjCjy2XUf44YBDDcDqbDu2dOQAM+1rAvPf4RjEqL26zdaZyAV283axOBfMBq+oiZKjEeWuvUeh+T3mj1MWetiY3ncjx4H+nm9UeBj+9PzBAQUZ+Nhgpbv2BlcvTV8YA6eCJcViJfHLDvgJmdNqnDc5hwwujM6nJqXc+LppjF7Yb1AH40kgo+ln8EPy12c+9PyRcAKrtue5EHV07GkbT05ERsE3CROVE0FGb4LhFyv0tzukxsrFEkvMOSu222AJlWqQEAmbtgflRVw9LsoxWnzu/Z9QhHxsqfGt4187WuGqGRgaHT+YDhx+KPLDCWLXa9+9vNPSC/Re8+iKXBkmL56fyokh+GNWelk5Ewo0AIXPc0nAzUocq/DxL9cQOSg1a2od0LSgQY4WrkzMmTiAm/TiIc5QIPmEgF3naPp40Wxmqj+RAt/mVO28HwawM6w0w/s7Ua9K4rRLa803Raomxjjxsf4/+f02TXHgfYUHjdGdb4Qapq6zg5HcMY+IV/OybpIOtqA+Bx/PQMAbleT5u8CaJXIDASHF68/RuuRVBtorylAnrEIy8HraOL4pstbvFA3UVFL/t0dKSadFMZNV/Ej41lYIs4QHlgCPXgjgekZpocXV6Px5MP9zpCfTfCwy71aZq45Sj2o8ruxUxZuM2QTHefvWzegJPo5J/Pmxu6OqFh6Zr16/60bOvWr0wYcoandttp8d9tfNa85mY/Ba8P44C5hE4w4ePZQXnA4jb17eYpUjOHzX078JwV2I1zeXXZV0M+plm5MDexXMsTDYP7IbXslorzfvSA/DODE2IoQDurUyACjBAlJ5EOxEPxAfoD5pJHlNbbzRzS2bgMq0uMioU4rYGFOOH9OobxbN2Y7Bc7horDzwcY5VmiUzemzGVmynKXtVqzaLDezM0r4OP0rpnNol9I6WOyEJ55Wz0/NGhxWHiE0CLYSwcl3qJkgjmNltEN8c2VTCQr7WYvizAsQQHral42VWVmMqzt1RYP4PXJfrFPDQZ4QXC3lctTvkErK/YnJcxDeAcTwrl1+uSJqVk7DzKtUkN8cBjWo16dsH9F1obvvtr49dch4ptdukgjq2T/zl0SNcjj8iEqhZrn9uoozH92/rm83Kb8LOy0FxfGCwRRBYubShgssjEkslesA9ukjfXxA0KtkfNIiRAjXI1sJkz4hb+USjxoLuVPqmqUqpXUQFxY0jV81W5MyDHKjym/Dwseawdg+ZQBU7svEA66/AUuH4FV9UjkP1azCUUHx6OiouLUzGbRE34ckSqI4DQsifwsKDopnmsR0fDW0N4OAvEJTZ5D+gP1zSpcNVVQUECJzBaTqBMZovL70KPvh5v+XsWDptq9dMsO6pgAOiR+UN3y3pIlS0dVsuJDdaKwZFZOFPIenUnyIHp4OJ6qnb9tf2Nuxe82fvEHlUe8SaZfY35udmqPjMtvUmFeyszCpM1fwfh8LiN1+hWwGgvDg/lJdiLEL8yTurq6YafMYUxQfadiPnZAqDMAdbc0YEBLIMIZkVfpND5g7CflLFGAmPyAaO8AZMXbAFENPRUg7A1AXuPjxJ4ZAkIHragoBDCSWlOVELloAfgipEXSVx7JwHXBQ+s9mkToNwAgl8Tk8QNi/K3A6/2fgMwLi/uXHxCv10urCO+5A35IACDAbMCckmfS/e3a3geQWNHElvMREVEYEREXFv1ZVOqKrNP/LyBT4HAqQBgCUgx+FXaBITckIVCYfZ8mIKJ5Rk4HTRZSI2h3dHZyA53Y6OyE3xUenvy8jl5pDwkTq1q7EhyWFKNb3m1iISDKxBqdBgcGqlr9JhZ4HcrEMt6XdAAexxGPXbvOz2wW3ZV7jVgmgXqX12MjStAiwRHFoETSufLM83jIrQY+0tLTA0wsMwx3GZlYIPSLd5tY+hDcMs5vYuE7REKoAzASckwJ80vDvs/v+K0S4oPX/ZmFqiaBPToL8SzMju07iuOjFyXUZTf/bdnGf3xRJr/ZjMtaGcp4IutA/RsmVqXfxHqQkZHTYbOLDeFJDoiqMhdVck8Jg9Ujp5lYPBnrowfkKnXPSMuA5bRDEcJtc4SEri2dz3t01v30NrcdcLl9Kpx0xyFmsjL4sZ0L/nmAcSfdSE666kuvmXFq3QFAVoGT3oRRRe2+4iNL7J5ljmn8luPolec+I792kzYWyMdp4mPGgIg9FLntsHRJQ01VSeSioOjF8eFoZmEWfMaDHsb6HghAcJNPOul2N3MameY0dhsMV/opw+ytTrpFv74oaF7YJcqZbXL0esHEopUkD/s3YlWU8AEhzGhNakPd5z7p11J1xcCyP+9XFyugC3ohHRUbhKceuBYUmXog6y/fLfv7l1ud4pvddkbd3rVnuWuGsAtWCzrpZeCkbyLf3YSOth2FuboSJkebdNKxmzGVQ5HNWqOqlDBYDemJjZx0F7v16fggV0WDmTSys5QWIUgEJ0VFL3WHu8XO+oqkOZJxowtjnRjBZdhp3sp64zDM24KhQYsM8zoxIGpiuKfAhqgo4ioK8+rahFIfWfLKbX1GkWPf/dZWzOrzwW8mNn6UXPMN36NzzvE4dWrdzGbRWrm12Ny8tjUXM1EPUL+wyPkLYhaHF/I+yJf5U18QgAAhGOZ1iQius7LWyPrypzAW6sBtHwxqalx0E8ZCLXZdv1cTNX9BdFIbhXm7XqA7BxcviYQtlhdGnOunW/a8qsJycrcwzGtlow2y+GiUv9/newLi7yCVmLz8In/qwbmr9y5prtizbt35/3J3djFNpWkcj1D3tBUKolIRxGFqFfkISGgiF0QObFMvTCATLmomIYs3hYREGy9IqBBDNOOSGFL8YlE+HAzJ8JVASENihBZQcHQdDIJU2SUOrmRxw14sSnYudvd9nud939OqF+DsXixnMiaDY+TQ8zvP+3z9/++1Cq7FC8Xn+eQ5tRrLvNVQwWZ3hR8YfHxQ5u5+iLowh8bY77uUvh/O45CZjvRlwSclKzboo5tB2SDrosNRx8u8MdQp3AKAcEIwEyFE4BVIjND1jRuPDy3qP4gPBgg2Cj1NMAZaQpsDHQpvFKrusZk5H3wSlV5QeK1zuB/9eZmL9uRCo3D+Z84Hjx55QtLg3aPXb1uxaGWzFb19zf6rk0cP4qMC+ajdICCt0FiEP223dxYxRrIzMg9/tf86mr3EUa4ubJba4CxBhKRjo9DVpKoKFj2/LVVWKL9oUtTuQIffp3ipB2pxeC3uR/N/2n+dJTcRu8wPA/7hieeU+0Nmg1UxcP48EZXzZMg/tFhcnFBzAUSDZuYevVgM8cOVJ6zIXw+IWczVLIn25g8Rsdaj7Z09PXZoFLJbU1QFPaPqHYpsFKq+0VG/2/JdaWWpF3RovIpveOIPJpS5PnBwfMw/PPU0MbE8HsTPkhggcdBWh1PW5OycfyxYQ5LFF1/O+KFRKKcV///7IPcSE8EGlhBJQ0TwA77LKEFM2LXCx9aqfYKPZ7zyd0vh66bfWlSnmM6AF8sQ/zLtOi+T+mbYaocWPfLoas/D0EEX5uVFkg5MziF+MDxq728QkJ/t9l4KOmf6Kyp6GSVghwSIlMXsZXk15Opi284zBP1vQGSVZ9ttiiJmStxyOkMXaYjxeUPcMhzZuZmHk601EEOMUScTD5BS9nHoheRjBLnKzlgmI1qL4JIle4qw+Pw/EK/GI5YZTdDZW48nRc1qh04f3XB5f3LyrJgNUuVMiVuMmkzFGyOmLVUhm6F+Q6TejLJz5Sg6V14ef/IEiQMCIJERQrEUBk+Ki2lPH70daiip2hqNwnvlnJB0IuQY5iL4DkRG4Pq7R4ztvkI+jqWt8jmdbU4xjFenyPk+AKQ7rIo1K8zScdiCAyKSjxA8bBKPED548lHRL/ho3CAggz2DLOSwP1FbOzDAGOm124gQa0NxTOQuI5yyhnlZrclHIyJptzW7LFnFUuR8X9LuHdPhVayFjKOZhy9ZKYYw5A4iIfldXXAQBeF7AkRqlybgixYnl0L4kPYHp35lH4QDAqdH/g7b5ho6YdZnseCVMKOJCIgqlqy9jcabI4LhlmBZETtFws+1fE3AB8yb6AUh4EmahZ5CXMkCrq0FCAZRsBIPIeQ4RwQP03fvaoB835UfDogqy7wSkG4AxOfVAKkPByR0QheOV1r0aBd0EB+AB28Ncj4AkPuNGwWkn0UP/P/hug+IdBIhv7cmxO6OS9Kx53lYKH748MYYIkuacossZcsJcf3emEk57k5CIHmMkP2XWVAyxCXtOVGO273wQ+R9lRRwpzFx9yYQsmDPECCCb9qE/x4g9BwyQoyfADJ22qSLZBmDYcL5kQxNvbaI0HHSGBEMK/Na9kbE7ePipaDsy36NQj44IDyGSES4c8pWAyQHlClRXw0REeesLjwlECW/XRKbUcNd/Cla7XOJH7XYjPJJ9aVpFnZHxZdRvOAvYUescEA+ih5a8OjsX++Xx6sQPBoLCzb2FA2cqW0sLCwoKLh5k/1SWNhYW9FTZMs+msliSA2k1eyQNUVju83O0S648vOfr/H53CaVnx5LFL+TS0l1/BhbY50TXy4B/jtbbdkZh8GELCY6cp/ZBCIq8Kq5DV0VxsdV6K2ZuP9fFilZ1DS8DE6HWUwJPr7QYQp8BsiSA9ZfwKSTARIQ3/WTlPPl7Nk23RvnOLi6+enxO8Xv4jHlyT397h+7vSG6GmOGiEg976ugfYJOZzbD/ErSLgAECIkE53cD5CI7MDoyQC4Gg9aGrZSD5Ag7lZQwQiQiiAlK8zVXK0vIx7EVWLdsaoa0ndyHtp+tVB76YEsVxncU/2LMS7WuntdCqyzzyZ8BJPszfFDwoMLuOmzivgs8ZUoAACAASURBVFsHPgYFHwP3IX5sFJDaAeTj5sjIlZERxkhh4xlGSHt27o3kSxfgcWYh5Gk37da6V+F2j98ddSv0VoWpZNqttSirqkvc7FDw8gJWsM86KkFL8r29s7U9G5HDUtaeeJQZgh8k1oxZAIHxDCGjjpsUCSA4qc5P4/YR8SEA+TITT8IDrZ126qGMhbMC9F3f8vjQB70cd4AhJW+GJB3DYJWiLmHdvQlWawPTsTMgI7m9xFIHmpZB9ngz4EgkHmZXaLwLVkx26YmQOCQEwggBUnNhllZuy0jVZCtUsXKiokwksIapeipH5BhBwiiB65UftArUFYofAaW6pcWjqC72bxs8NtAJGdY99tGyP1jOz8YuukGrQHGw33shvT3CIogGiIwfPHpA+HhjQdEGx/pghajusmwC4seGASlsBDyunDt35MiRc+euMEYaB/oZIeCqd509znqWVZ9e9YFWgXsJCxPfD6vs1pyKE0b5W9hRHUQJlI4Df3TDzeI3ZFm89taCX64sdSi/VAz2MEKO3kBCsgxQPo6HH2WK3Cwsx84Bb62hM90sF22YLiMTTzAOiP5yl1vAg97laF2zc59RZzoJIWQcv2vfKmynpDzrcza1tKmoOeFpaYJPxqEo/7yzoqou0Jw4W+Xwvbw4jx8YuzWL+oSrT8eJs5vYMNmFfPCwxYMI1rNYfjWv1JWc9Vrm/lW2ZTrpOToqVFAiAoSka4QAIsjInaXAWMcr4mONAnWbMgxpR5PSBusFTcpjc854oI8s572OyeJJkP0Jzr+YX5YmMlx8OldbMReAIB02GT1Y9lHKZX9ecz4QEIgfjJCRjQPC+DhCFxBSWHtm0G5DX9ayLAOUnU4feMpubeUVTmXdXaGzZDW7tWoo9rR5nM6mavfT0/emAt0kbVT66HDm8vy7F28/vHv3y3p/RUWPvcjG8nQwsoQepC4KZVSAkauwn06dAxzO4IBMWrwk+zOqmdxKR43NA4Lhgx91wLsmEtqgJ7AP+nwiEFh6xg56DNZR5y3aGvbDx+fxwK21efqOH3veMUZTmfWVY7DPMTYfXAwEJia5oZq0HAxxBQ092BEh0ehOV8Pdqc4qszgduiUAOWXkrnXkV6YFEWAEIQFO8ik5xzqPsA929akhGoTuUXPSvn/zJTOWlpNs3AWr9XKojQyEEKpiiRYIHrA+Ku2yzFyMvJYo61r8wPMVCyAbBYTz8TVegIgIIexIxFKGuCQA5GA6di6wpN0nRNX6YL+OJyPNypOTpj2PpavJQm5Gnq3I3sPOff39FYO9DBCqHjeUxezYTUkyhOTERPLhABsnDCBUE42dtQjhuARucRtip7FZQBCPSISPFmKzonfHMUIghBzE9Ubofaamirp8s+JzaarKLcpa6tVEMX1WZfkr2uGItiVcBoN0VfvEMkr+7fjXAyDzUk8OshA8Y20BQIw60ldDz2RJCEckX7uO5SMfabIyiu0BRRYTGSA/yBLoDAmPgimLAOSrayFlLG2P9uMAgnzY30vp0Q+cDxk/CjYJyNchgLAQ0guAXENAoHFxlQHSdYfPaYp9bVc3PkW8UufpYDHggSyBvsnNyLa1dtqxNVPR2yMAuQxm4dE7gZDQyig2DvRx8hmOHS0V833TPH7Q5gS6aWweEHxCo7kcKsv5YdjMuIeFEAIEd+RT02XZEZfPhSbmNmXpwGnThJRXXd5/CQGBIx9esGFLvmqGzyLCU3UMjgwQOazo3kKAcJl88JHAY5ZI1jGKYBiRF3wh7bZQZ6judoZoIXsCDJBTvAQK8t68qGG9/kkIIQnRUEK0+hV2zhkhb6V49Yd+LX5gAlJQ8LdNAvI79g8jJAQQiCBwxIpPTEk9lC9XQ7rFzfhQa6KNd9omonTGn3hIq1cWMo9m5LW3FkEHswea9LY88EJOvmRtKIvdgdu9ZrI9i6KyaBJk6FpTbYZbOFXBTjDGjxA/pk0CwvkwYA8S3K8uXmBhLEJvNsWflxGEXYeey5tx48qOKGU/iDLunJIC3QhIAgaQaIOBr5/HiM3lTyxxtG8ABrNiE2peSPHqLQSIfh/FkHiNEExE0taW1oiQtaXxLo2P21O8nqsOKW3NLS6qk7YoD6CBxBvoVezlGBucmQmGWFmyEHJj4c1ymIooXzZvFwFEHLDs9gqycNpeVyoOWPc1QDYRQUZkCNGOWHl5C7PLZVksSf/NT+Nr6bfBXAen/P/D3fWHRJmncU7be9XRdNTS0bEtpiTqoowW7Q9p31SMCIzOYBZBqD8KwTiHhQ10CZHCSThCy/I0R9uODqdmo8ULoRN//8gNM0bNOtNr3SPqwAvODvynu+/z4/t93xlnD8f7y96FpV/KvL7v5/s8z+f5PM/nT/908s10gh24s4qp7I5NMfZE3gJV7/r79QM/z3346QuslfLyWr84uC9rz6vZKaA3RZ0uEJKGinMgRlOoa5BIdSwGkARO1EvKOgkf8OpFcwCJCh8g+HruRf/NRrf77fz8BFRXGx8NDSxm0gYJSAhyu+TNdOlNLR6dDrnzrv32xOQJFvEWv96acXlqZmoMARIHHxg+74T4lnL5PH/KEABJtYgTcUrZH2ANkvop1CDZ4nliDEGBNJWXkGYtAJXrExBZAiGrd3QXw+Nm5jMfkL7NamEiGM94nF2/BgnCU7DEKSl39MW/xF2LvRPVRgj5GSzqH8+uSLJUBFHdwbsFd+eAY62p1z6sDCCrjiBXECGySP/69zcOd4sivRX2NurTwxFpuA/SNwAO0TQE895VJW7NoxYmihtt8uh9m1LsSdYn4H1TUqv5M2aBCtamWSGDO65mwHNm+qWtKF68FCISJNFUOGwVwVdYwkO8cPEJ/Wyg88LAhzqbwwMIFyBx4uWs3OHO2PJ2Dlyh+sciYwbhZ921SI9s167c/GXtbIu4GbUGUtTsTQ3aILBPthk2CZrN8MPXO3oAH6lE3Y70iT9y9I2UxstdiQEIkVVINAhpSj/2SgOdT2fkNjtSPE2WSFMMwY7IqHahouR4sb60pFc1N7Wc194xQMRp1EWrOJ3iT+vRW96pa52PUKOTNOQF666+7AndUV5TU+vwgqMfIcRP37JwdkWSxTO1ci6KtO1zDkeh5vgQIoCsFiDd3RhDvgae10TzztGn9nYMaGebRQjUFv4ox9PvC8SIm9Gqmqq02pqS8kL4Xc/fqIgYBPc0h79xXis7XiKg+5jkyLDhag7+9fGyhxNF8VLjDZyPPOHxgMV2M9pc2vrA8cw7L/EB9TDl91FrBoituvHylmvTjtqamvLC3q/atfMiBFa5Fins59z57r1Ot3a+hZ+M+J3uL0Jr28YZ+ECuKfGIiitKKi5ofTJ+lH6cLiyHbzn90VjDEJBkGWW6uLnSiWkwbHv8oihBWkytf4BEIEJQJC1jyLbt415yoyzu6sLdLyIYT8JZBHrXBa25uaGhuUVrIJlJSWHv4DCoEGCJX9R/BtoHf4y2sH3Rcc1/kRHyln0vy6aVEQ4jRPJYDBCpv3rwYe7Dg++DAkg4AOFO+g26qFFYkMejWCWFPTzeeNbHS49OnPiX3iJurcWj0b6Gz2ocnaMdsbExdsySxp74pyZslY+phqiFCReyPX/DBpdgrCRbGtAWj5CN5lRCRzytWSkCu8v5MchaGB8REh9JYQMETu9UiwgglzK2ztKnrtAGiTppcvYj95h759bRTmeTR9xag7g1fjLP/a+2wMwvPJ+3fv/Uy0tu2rT/WT2sFMMAIpOmCrmoJHCTTwCRZSFfSr9/Xq6giPgULNiyxXkXlWQHgYKKIVe3DSg/Yy7uWrQFwkdmZr+keZ1c3JXrj1DGBuVokpVIR+nOUvawmut0wzn5TSBCTCGEcyxIsaSA1wBI9xXs/H355Y1VAkR87YNu+hJUmnQ/gEb6DNfItTpXqs3ae1x5JC45Eex0Ml9Z70Pzd9wGBWmEyPVHWH1W4piWru4zTAPVe1m3Tj0EZEnxKLaY4JHAXsl7403xQ57L/wdA3BlbZY184aEuzU4mkYA8lH+G2cYmXT6Z4udZWde3ghW1uNxu96XGHfNMQtZo7dT6K6qcLlbEbdFKR4MAhHCNFVTTr3uAjEHOHIW7BwkhKMwaVb5PamD/HeMjU9G8hrd8B9CZ4kVSCIlTuxxcdeQsfslvkInXA8negMU+JgXvD4EAURnWagFyr+AeyhVFesZy3ry2fVlzimVVdlnLJ3FHxYkTiubVFV8Zi9vSojhVEu/iC0Vl99oqbeg/1q8cpsYsSErRBTI+iym14vDBXuLm/ErWsklpa06x6kQIeS19n1zKLmsRGlh3buW/N+TX8sm8zmslepqE95W2Ur+ksh19DJA6YymsLYQnTlAMkXesyqpPwQZ6LC6ZkqwNcpIZOoahIwixIqEiCCqhWehphUPNiCCVjBAjgryCwamgne1tQQgJAZBuBMjh1QPkpzzxbXDICgZCoKMHfFOICLJ88gRtbwkRQQQ+YpKSopQ0L3lMRZBO2lMbHy+xX+8CeMjLQIdKrYqMAMINQsZHJFctYQOEA3Z8ka16hztUBLnzixHkHwV5+7IQIHJsyxRBsLMRFEESQkYQE0KSo/FYYHgE4WP9AgRDCM4RyBDy+dVx2qBgrkGeATi4BiHIyBqkrG/z5mM4KqBCSHQ/wUHUIDYGyEtVg6AjpxkhB40syxRCfsAZW3MEuRJeBGkVgLuN3+jevbsFBXmtbXBivlE1iFfWILziCGsQ4kJVDTKIeaPUA6Ik0EcIK9deoLhDvBFPZQ3SQ78PRAfBo4iuQHzIV4leOpjmWCvNC33s6vmVNQjKr7kGobDfIJ/Mv+/eRoA0XqS1EeIjuYp5tidbjpwbNYgtIf6XAWJVukXqvEesxMe6BYgFQ0hUWoxCCNTpyGJVFGuKxRoU4KAQcrMLjMQ9ut7ELJbrx1MSIfQ6iR/WmO4oLwEWy0aeyQIifq0eWCzHm2tKlZVl2EYRRLgMMQ3ZSoSsgcXah447ALy2NrAcOLAHunmVM/JTL2hnW4DFWsY1ebCa+77X6WkShaxisXxfwf2oWQtcyfaUWayuFBK42u1pfcxijfExivjYa8JGKV6MEJVgxRlHrZX1gGuRmhg08rSjHFzqfePIYjUDi4U0Vk7ud+/5OZ5vcdKTeV1wuxUkBe6LuGsaa4ZByWJR4rbXzGJJfW7kCoAoiEQSL0EKrsTgrvv6BUg01uk0GiOZrHZ2F1rYzX0QQgdEkElduQ+54H9dw6A5oiokJYbmMSOSh7EP4huhhjoiZAr7IPPoe64Q8htlrHYwIIbcDZgjXBNAXkk2Wa01uQwD6f308fXFm9jreSjwgRskz5w5uaypFogLOwp/IHjw8R5DLfIh7IN0nsYZImyX29vhjzo7UDYoh4gIHwodjBAJECNTl60FnCgPW6yoTm8BzWwfuWB5n2WiL1bvEgxtgSYiJ/+dsovS4K8cz2FKPwuGxypl01t8jkHqg2DJhZxE6UQ/9EH6J2xmmjfUuJZU3EeyvDHRGiTcWrcA4RBiN4eQcVGuNnuaRfqxe3fm0sLQLoAG1yB90GX2tDRpvUPj40MDi9+CLI8RImOIOICSX/S0TxiTZkBmXZ6ferNFqU7MshMOIkYdEjxpSwg5HJbU5O0WxCIysegzUF0Ub4kehv6/+PhV/bfyjy6/WwaLRtjQDe5AvdBlFn+t9T89/WhoqANnr8mGJ41+PjQ7M9DT/mwbXqjYTT+1+dHQQAekmGnWxAgpu0J4CFjY6EKAMINlxgcxvLw0dH/Yat4kuU8xZcMAPxm9PSdncmFBwAOHUkBcl+ut+lWLp7nJo7UPR0zMT73aI37wB0hAhr0bvkf7k/bR/dJzB3sb2EnHxUSqT2gNNe6L5wjnofTroH+2XgGC50IkKohkCElPX1DuQosg5WFoUJblVb70MPNAb8hpTrKA84Efr2mkP8GEEOwY/g+EtKHkhBGikqy1arFeXs6QRCzvHrXERUS1OyUJ99ejvwUrnXO0xf6cAIiutFinjm1KEbGQKnN4eQgfx4y5Gbp27sSxj3Qc+yDdLu/7IIAgPkrpPxNALEqBJV85wkdamABRdoTY6VUqOV8uyq9xlSo8JBArSi1W5yarxbYjYyvYqAp8VIpDIzVZzQ6mbKC5QTshhMQxCea1EqECiAkhxhX89+sUICMkCYi0pinPR3FIjurSXWgJtW4SHHC5JM2r48sBCCGIHFNDy3Y1009yHoYI0r2GdJEwEqg7UWSWOYb8Tm5r4BCySi3WCBjc02QrLNZJTY60p8Qe6VED9vfP/PncN+wVRB46SprshTHyKKJmkpHEYJeqbbRtjra/HDp0B3e83ETDnG9h6yA0FXFnlDgbCCA2m4ogofAhO4RsmRYWQJRZZwoMvaV/rgh4L+1UwUmpq59fFZBeUjRvV6w9wpJQebHR7RYJZ5GoPqKBxqT0ceNGyhqhp4XmInFM3BoTK1arNWpN1/oFCOVYlENgCDmdPsQUqEeblABRIcQnfeldO7dLhBBAjiiEcOMAd4sZCEE2yxD3XpMIURChQgSDSNAyRU6yDoczDzICKQ6dfuQQYodhpkFJgbrunwNn37+wSek350QEkfMgvUdi6UVPhqZfpOFRBftKc2gHJWzg5UWT6JdzFdczGNp2Cp4YQGwYRSRAFIFlonpIvBVjXxtANmzEPQ1qUqcrnwACVnBwbds+KWlerW9jijUZpLd1dXVUfQA+7LSc4b/sXVtInOkZZhPhNxOTxejoNkqHQXEHBdMGNrWuBwbEWFla1qyJZWFBMTONQcuU8QAzbJC07m4j1mhKxbhWrRhia2UTo8YKMx5SBBNDwLteehOEmk0yF7tsof3ew3eY0WxHNzfZ+OVucMIM8z3/+z7v4XlwTF/O6POQ5RE17r7TSshrABCeukxBU1QGiGMar8r1mumFlUcMkAE+yxSt+62QixIMCZE0AyLHU365srBw/790Uxgiv5dNw88+k0uGb8dCRBZ8FVW/pTbSVQz5U5wehbjqg7ODbFMIxgfrlEf1uyeePfWjk2dnsx9Nbu9UTdFztsdaSkpIIccxWtID9x28gzm5BWPDW88Xn3xdVc2a95XlIyiimAcL6LVHcbKRFtDfNEKITrCiGuiqAcKmHrsHCJYOSKZB7XqGn2yUCtSKDySSP+hrOV0TVMFutdbTjqanHMSPJ5+NMIyXRKnD6tBC6GEGYiQBg6EqTB3YoTD1+gAEnq8yxwKAZNxzBwavt6Kl/HgkGiC507CT3mr5HuUxQnolVVUIsdke+OC90/9MVWPecoMKowiv4UaLAcWarTFCDKLOSVa8Lrf4dOZBM7CCRnepTcvb3++1LG/A8pZ0aZ/bmckqT43VA19NBJB0nlEXVxm2WMHArS7odIHHIaxxB6yJL6k0DO5Uo2WlxYyQClTmROla/NLMQj7aHj+MCSxZQd59BKEMy05CPzmGWsDsugBIL+IDFDlcW253z3XxtRey6yrstsSDIGlFYo5U4seFIMcQruMvOlFBMZ1S5YMaH8nfAR+vLkCYhCQeV3UsKPQ+mAWzQdAp8frWGR808r4+7uY6KZNUFUTqFEQSbvpYUuMnxiYECSchRpiKAEaMRCvWzpYgYsg2EFGPEyAnQa6GVsGCuICaW4oGnpsTILINH6/GW1hUVHTlSreASEN7o+dLN3216ZN2Gy7J4jZd6rFEIC+1sH1YPDz6Nb63v2ZCumPfqTpTOYIQcTkdtaB+nqkRwnVe7hHiU3vbABbHj8y9RZBMiiCwIJVr6M1MwacRcb0OAZK3QSVe95QLTH3SKThggY7kfCFtcC7jewfdoSB4SeEQWqKsTB1L/k7w+N4BxNF7M8SaUe6hHN7BxYn3TXdf3+BgX19NiPc5JUIyNELsQ1KUaUUvQxj1rOiCVtSmoUbI51GmILvXxTpJSTWiA6h1celI5ZlqT2NLw38eB7gG8VVhYWHR3Stdnf6m9hnPkxrx1fr7rltLAiAUQBAgkGGhUEjOWFk5rx71W9+AS3Y7OEiDQW7ZGPiBOOvSwMgPkywuAUW30OUGYdSAiTZN2xMHSU9ANd5sMM6KTEvFsi0XPLPEQYCEvVDmRTde8RHtwDCSMXzxzw5qvjk8W9DjfkQqvOlyiuAFhanXAiCsUy8BAiSEF6dkUaQ1bMSP3FwtRqg0AZisB4MKI9NKjFDOsXHJVxW0mIvEYMQYz1JM5K+xEIlTWfEfdZR+5wGvLi0bLT/jmZxpb2hq7uyWU4mBx6dOnSopLBIxxN/QMqnFCJNUBDly6ABmWGkZYEs1XO5RYoT/bgbyIthLy52q6sryslKoGzk0QuRjwRzAMuZLjP65xEd6+t6rWCRWP6A1L5edENNr8cd0rmsJxV6oJdDoNVEYTEBBBSXCpZk+awONQJJwxScl8eWcVxogKKKnOiEMkLAEyIQMIAWwgavlbAdIDl3mWQ6jJTKu5GyVzvFb26OIIegQVfNlhHz+jjYm1A2RuLV510hSlczWBDyqq0TwaPJ3dl0pktfFO9jW0VECCOlqbmpvVNO8U0npWKxFjn6AMizBQHIKysonlZztM0Hvid83ekSWNQqOOS4yKUMacuQtY97kzdj++UGev+L6FWuz7a4PohCCgtXoeKLVGYac+FtQgrmuX+4N1uLdF5f/OCVoXL/Ii5hWUrX7APl/AJFVw8CiTLBQukELouOCoZFn6aZhxRS/tyaUEosQKmihgjO1RX6oir4GFfmpiiFsbXtLIyRegDgxtYKq7Gi54B6exvZ5f3NX992iwlapfP5sbq6NQkhzU8PMYyWILkk6FmNVhjVQMFpZPS4F0b8S9B4qYPMNjRRCIMlCrWrK8fWeLQsfvGi+ROFjlxHEqPNyFcLp0rr7Sw4om9D0qXNAfeqN3gwJkEwMXfjeDOBo61oNiP7IbpM6iq81QE7EAETupj+k2nmPFZEiQHgipqWGiZGtWZ8vvCQwsrYyOyEtNVZxbkF1RfiR+gtN1z9VdP3atWguoqhIVEvki7gNdMh+sbiM0dHSPk/oKDnV8TOpEHfp4sV32zpOYQiZb9lUlhpH7RADDhCVzrTdC/t8s5G83GLP8/A4vddbc7e7myAy36JDCIlV29FOHBulh0/wOfyi9rmGR0LCHjrpGAagGvGegIjDGcJ6bp932pkhQrk4aeimM8Qvj69x9gT9XKgM3J/w+RZvBrPztkJhH6rL9QXC2TqCHE95SQj5XkQQe5ISABLMdsjyDg56raEBrQAE2wWbVgBeDhWzYQBDZBncl05bC46bE2C8BO8NWCs8e5JIiwvb6PpvUVlOQiSKiigmIrn6325xvfcPcQIEkqux4RGaKIHsSiRXAI+2uduD5L70m8vnz1/EGHJXhJD2mUV6eaWWG4XEpG0LZJe1mRvxuVvFV2sVf+R+2t2NCGn2NwmeXnWjEtohOdmUwaSLJAsfCbITzfD4VnzsHiAGT0cJWQGFtTB6RvkegqhjxVGaHQo612bd+KkjzgyqUBFAMmfhq1lZ91wb7ppW8AcT7x3fcu4D5EUknfsgpP+zNAv+fQMxOovFG+Ll8IohtjiAxjMfkD/dShiqw+IxbFlTD3gInjBi0HWFERpA+fR3sXTdaBxSPQujCDGROF1u1yX3UNwc4TH37u3zly/1BSyr9ef5+ZcuXb4NCBEhRND0qs2w+NQRcN6EK56cjI2UJTJc/MCKYPG6z2tZ7sdPuzRAoIfCNB1qq6DGK96OjwQk+rRHdUTu4kZ3z434sXuAGESdon9a3drytOUOrfLoD0yPCIgEHfjywpYjWCvxAXXlEBsuZkW48G1ZvtB6tjOIjugSICn7AIkFiIMl5FDGhABSLMV6xRkeHhtjvUUJkSn2Or7AKcgbrdMOPeJrJFqHpOBSdNUXIWLQdc3WuZwFCCEmEi9AEB+VGh9XCB8XBT7y8+vff7++vl4g5LJIsiCEAE2vOjMyWjyAzpu0agvXOHPiNO8QTvAMZ+Bxc3NnV5dMsZpaZu6YAKGHLw/2yi07gMehVGMRFXsYMfjYG0CkOXoS/npptbWODJ6uxkM/qcgJXDAwloFTlTKAuKVlb1j6D4cK0FgRKUj6fgQx+yA2mxo1CZo6vdvV3sFgrFQO6zFIxuUat6V8jFbras3xE5uBkcPbOyN/VP11ydd/LLmI7IpwPeuLOAECionY+CByXlSI2dVFhsdZcQRI8vPP357rgBDS6W/wVFcKqp0DCOEsBG5vllzjlrNaPW6/HxDShXWspgZKscqhWSguFz19cbDXWLNLTWWxk2Pbuh8KHnb77sfddQyR/uhH5aKKnf9TzL4AOLVYYUzi+CGO0oo97VY1/QF0xUoz8PGaA4SdTlKiAdLrjBGyJssQbRqCx4DITgCJnWGM4esndubrhlWCgZB3FEJu/Tq+WzSC9LxaxQ8ACMeP+vqzdBAgGEIwx5oUIWQYGn6OjPf4OStunQJIlgJIk98PQ1yIj/mGGUHSb0A3XUQQvF0V7AUrV5lSFTy+HR97B4hECI/kJpHsKTEbO80hwqmQ4QPxkbmqFCg0QGCES/L4fYDEDCsm7Sj0zvFDggMcXMl6ykTJVNa2FMulGyM0gLI91cKNqtgGO4SRawZf/5GOIpho/T2+W/QvEITDzjk1PwpLOtokPkT8OHfuHIUQyLE6iKY3em5UimsOSQbeckpRpi/IFMstU6yGeQEROE1NDdgHqT5TPgoziwAQvF7UhtazTGoPNTG2+aHhsSeAqKUQhAhpnpIflE0eAg4eu51too5jF2RbilUzpBAOMf/l4eNVBghuTKUoCpIWnWEx/4gyZRstU0diJGKhifwn1uYE6jwMWsvGAIp2gNR83eivf/SDbQsjatJXRZE/y4LWr+IHyI0qjw4gJTqAIEDOKoDMCYAUdXc2zYgca2S4ODfP5cxAlgun4j6qU3z4sbWBJP2NHuubdhyT9/Ok/KQHM6zh4gLMTyiBT1Beew/voQAADJNJREFUfsYiarJunm/DR4L4txeAqBhCQSTBbvil2WSUIgQmJCRoeEDUWUCS/iGSdNqCW3UywEmCYx8gamEqUyn/mBrWGh+GseeIPKOjowomz62sq1dPW1MFW9Pu1p6AtZgT0z2khSoCSVT7UM/DQxShMGI2D1VFi2YY/3IrToBggdfTYgCkTTP0s5qDUAQRAPG3TFbd4JmRXjC/gU5CWlrdonX66tUsK1QMtdDWgPWkcaaFF61gXHGyqlrgQwQQnFfsDfJ6oS1aECVZaT/sQM75sf8yABIdQTLp2PQhdMioE7YufPJxlrUUXLHEV6v5X3tnFxJnesVxykpnEBE2YgUjiCgSFNoSaNbWToeBIG3I1UgguQ2JgmJhIV+gkErL3gSWpVLYpjZUCcouiBfJKIlCTBPa0hSJi1cb9mZlYSs06WZ7E9qLPufj+XrnjTsZx3Zn8/95lUiSec385jznec5zTmFHt7l0e752ftStIN+LbxSyID6ARPHD66ED1IcCSebmdjYK3Uu7Jh/Z3t1Yub3TqxdSZ9JuVAUrLVeyFNTDxxMTolzEGPJp9YKYHN0awpw7992roSATJoTwgV9/l5Ync63G35a6CxsP+gYW/vVsaeX2i5FlMmSaq3npNntxkaoV52gweo8XpI3eiy2+2i+bTUQP70dDq3w17UOQjo5wMUWGBIKoJNJRW/SQ3a+OhyvdhduPzLL66b2lpXt/mpJjklY5aa+hH/V9J91OtZCx8eEQBB8/dHK6qnFC8KLw7TqbkMjWrxyx+3u5waaWcyQ6P/TJSDSYyufrcrhesSBDw7TEkhyEztCPWUNIkXO8y8vbvLSLxYKYbMIkE1K6TteNpvQ+xYzUA8uxPDXyHSktTxDUDYVuhAwZP+ytKRWEqjl8lqvvyMCO8vBh3tfV5iDtutPrrs1S/hQtp9rDIYNWEL8/fFJ2uXQmlnyG1dSPeu5qYps2hIJoBhINTnd+nIhRRzSQkCOhIsk6rUQ2ciicJJxs8CDn68ko8ukr5CB+l5d2sY5duTtoDWGuXv3l+VtUbEJJuhFktSQ1I5RMUPnlFCGfFywIz9phQ1wzLV5fzcsl10CQ5uD96exQPzpSso8G/uSvUpDQD92uavbbValytATbw/6PBf85NTwCqW9BeJOXbu3bo9jDPIpNM3TrB82AnbdyDBOL/CVYT5wleTln76O+TL75hzji0hHXRiul3De4MxKstCQX+X2Fghw3a6zF4rIJIcYQWWRRDBkcHDeOCOfPj9+6y378mC6FkCByoDHQKy0P6FK3xlP6aeRpWtsJHSfCmNUVLa9MAkJ+8GB0bWDR6rMAVSOOHlH40E2mard5ueqQP+B4OqI20XChIGlG2eZXg30BtM3lpj3X0o96FoQa23DjuObkROi+p08XbPxgP5weNJCJGQ4c4Uhi11pWkVmvSCKMpBwfxvm6hpFgAChHkR9UKgivh6h1iSyyrv3IGCKKmDBisvPz4+PjgxI/uFyRBTkl+1Ey5pwUcUdCs3QhXecZyvPzcw8NeT/4sPqsazRpZ4snU+W2ZPho2q8gjfb/z6wINx9tTdlcwseClsSQ2siQRmuq3+aqsR913VnxDe6s2BoL0t8/+3Apk1nZndMAEvhBbw73EWo1icIIK7KQUKSsBYrrNBeV+ybz9SBd5w2tCgWZ59FRiyPUvWTd5Ol0li6GXLk7TlVHoz+7NTh4lxIQuTNFV0JKeqKRm+2V9ImxnxfS0IR+FPSD0Aeev0mfBgN9s9LbJBBEWkyJI41+07UsfLgA0lRd4zjpGycFvZ1b996mejITyE66s6f2pByhIfYERRCh22u6gVXXgugKq92vsKZkyd0vPQAuZ/5o/RA7nBtFC/+CTPGRRNZalI/IcPWydCT9+DAtX/9NlK5TLvLDCktN8lJrUixNrE7bVRY58pNjVy4XLl+/MZp5/s47x1gP9kPq1kkQStNnbdu1Lu69JnvefsF5c153JsxT5kQPbY8l05+l1EP79wa0BVtXifCxD0F4gcV9F7aXTv/6+o3JzIOuTj3Rt9tR5W93nxu58BZtc2UhCAkiI3T8CmtKAkiv6yKzE/sRyVGMNLGOyFrLZSOqSL9XJD1hD2sZvSFlG1rfr1AQHu9MZ4W8yjJBxKyy7rAi/7D9fb4gPdgPupYuNSMkyFxO3vFsiBPEGzLnz0nz+YUB54cKoivIckPaIj8aouixL0Hov4/u38/c5zsd3xr9cHPGX/x42XqpJVKkI7ELnIUgdj5IVueDSOtZDSB2EMjkbfVjWHPTos4LKLkvHR8QaOJXW0E+MuvusIe3D/2+byJfDxsy2uN1Wmh9Umk1b45iCB+GlPhozwQRSkWu3Rm9bG8UGjnuXHvvPa5aH5MV1gkSZEHf81aRI9xttDcs3CSkDo13IuSpfGxUQxraYhoawsVVGD2qEkTe343SOPjs1MxWwd4o3OmxNeuNexxoBBtaiY2ubBaC8IQpalwcrbA6dVT6hrt8LvmH+mH1kH1Oh5fERhJdoAe7Wqkbv2n5erSjVZauf1LxfRDKGIa8Ies/V0XcnfTPrR7sB9WMpAhyhL68IeHdmAG3U6f7dIdjQbigNlUPv7VbE0Ea9Fp6cCedBWn+CkECRVrSMvnXXpC3JIDwCDZpXN3ZKQFk1rUv2dD44fUo8cSAiRiaIVCymjhLgsVWsK2Vmo20Bgl7uOubzNc/q/BGYR8n1XxysXiqqJ14qcrwoutq8vzdd6Xzwjq1551wh375XBjvbAw5Im1YgxYvep2y7HF+qoMRVJEI/s3k2qpWgmy7LtUPK4ogaZJkD4R6FoRK3f0Ka0YCyOyudKt8v/ClCBL4EdixysMDvCQSTOxiy8UR7WJrFQneU+4zN8zXw6uHQamv5CKfVXzl1htiokhxhAtEqMzwubTtup754iLFDtJjmlvAnaIEigKIpt1OkCNumWU7FduRdFItEPohAURKzssMcXo01FQQu8Tq2bB9sR712FsdjRXUjBywHXU9BvoQXyaUFF0DCG/6b69MmnB9ffLDJzZ+WD2sGZcc0zJDwLqy7C1ZXAwWW2XpiK7byx0JtrTK8vW/V9y0gRXJ88YsO2JevHnhly79pzD6O+6OuK4Fh+Zll8zr5U67x1MDiA8jbvYBf9s3zrPPoQFEiuVb/VauTTvSco+aJOkcQh7Q3dn3bxTud80c1qp12cXK/p+p4znpWTcn/aytO+ItzadLmdOnM0v/lAVWED5YDzXDo66IIzyyiQsxwjjitrVcHUqUr/vz9ZY39xgxUrEgbEguZ0/3+BHE739PZiZPZz6/wK96lYw2r/UUr69uHrfHGm4by52GeEcs8u0ZOwRCCoADQZpcumG/XhY8+OrJvrZ5pXvcztuZyULm/uZMJ3dHbGhsrHXRyOsliAyBbmu1e7xGEFvGm1vY+fLei6F5DSA+fKw6N8ak6luYHnOmBJYUrSTDbq01lw9OEION33BOVVDt6/N1WWhVKoirt8zpwAK/UBxZ3n327IXbXuBQN6x6zMnQjzI/HDac6C+tHUYPLqNRP5p98UZE015UOWHKVppIe4a//OHhI1rtnTyQqtzXTpA3pV2DT9G7NIAYQfJ6AiJ+FDV8rLrQMVaOCybqSCmKIzZjzy9ECbtfwMfp+hvBPDNfgPJxpYKEFcl5XySiq0XzPO4ERxaCQzZTGtCdKdubW0pOqOgkwQwXa0nVb8IPJ0hTFEBe6kYzfe2v1KRJW9JMSWIXHaRnIUh1ghzSjnE+gPRoGW9OV+9DmoAE8UPlWB9bX6ebdR7za/Ob6sklXb4s24TE1i7x57R1pCwZcUPXw1zE31//xa8+rrizom5Y22stvmZmyNeU2Sqy+ZuRuIEeakE6U1OBHal+vAr7rOaVAUjfsTc4D6Qq93U7BzljOGpYM2wSW8w2Mf+EcKn5qqhhxLA3si9cvHAxhn7ngr2uLe3PZcm16kUpLj4R+B/Z3rLwP79JL2TtKHOGecvwV+LPxOPHjysU5AP3MO6B9IkMi9GXYzvxktyr+irWIo5Wy28rfLQzKehfkXgJZ74ufFCPgqxlqqW7uzvTvee307/bndnrj1XK2sE8Wg1e2f/m0b4OL/TVf7hr9SfIR2vfrkfWPsKjfTMfDQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPim81+JdO0XqAt5FgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
  * ![Validation accuracy](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    The best parameters are {'C': 1.0, 'gamma': 0.1} with a score of 0.97
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    /home/circleci/project/examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.py:177: MatplotlibDeprecationWarning: shading='flat' when X and Y have the same dimensions as C is deprecated since 3.3.  Either specify the corners of the quadrilaterals with X and Y, or pass shading='auto', 'nearest' or 'gouraud', or set rcParams['pcolor.shading'].  This will become an error two minor releases later.
      plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
    
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from matplotlib.colors import Normalize
    
    from sklearn.svm import SVC
    from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    from sklearn.model_selection import StratifiedShuffleSplit
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV
    
    
    # Utility function to move the midpoint of a colormap to be around
    # the values of interest.
    
    class MidpointNormalize(Normalize):
    
        def __init__(self, vmin=None, vmax=None, midpoint=None, clip=False):
            self.midpoint = midpoint
            Normalize.__init__(self, vmin, vmax, clip)
    
        def __call__(self, value, clip=None):
            x, y = [self.vmin, self.midpoint, self.vmax], [0, 0.5, 1]
            return np.ma.masked_array(np.interp(value, x, y))
    
    # #############################################################################
    # Load and prepare data set
    #
    # dataset for grid search
    
    iris = load_iris()
    X = iris.data
    y = iris.target
    
    # Dataset for decision function visualization: we only keep the first two
    # features in X and sub-sample the dataset to keep only 2 classes and
    # make it a binary classification problem.
    
    X_2d = X[:, :2]
    X_2d = X_2d[y > 0]
    y_2d = y[y > 0]
    y_2d -= 1
    
    # It is usually a good idea to scale the data for SVM training.
    # We are cheating a bit in this example in scaling all of the data,
    # instead of fitting the transformation on the training set and
    # just applying it on the test set.
    
    scaler = StandardScaler()
    X = scaler.fit_transform(X)
    X_2d = scaler.fit_transform(X_2d)
    
    # #############################################################################
    # Train classifiers
    #
    # For an initial search, a logarithmic grid with basis
    # 10 is often helpful. Using a basis of 2, a finer
    # tuning can be achieved but at a much higher cost.
    
    C_range = np.logspace(-2, 10, 13)
    gamma_range = np.logspace(-9, 3, 13)
    param_grid = dict(gamma=gamma_range, C=C_range)
    cv = StratifiedShuffleSplit(n_splits=5, test_size=0.2, random_state=42)
    grid = GridSearchCV(SVC(), param_grid=param_grid, cv=cv)
    grid.fit(X, y)
    
    print("The best parameters are %s with a score of %0.2f"
          % (grid.best_params_, grid.best_score_))
    
    # Now we need to fit a classifier for all parameters in the 2d version
    # (we use a smaller set of parameters here because it takes a while to train)
    
    C_2d_range = [1e-2, 1, 1e2]
    gamma_2d_range = [1e-1, 1, 1e1]
    classifiers = []
    for C in C_2d_range:
        for gamma in gamma_2d_range:
            clf = SVC(C=C, gamma=gamma)
            clf.fit(X_2d, y_2d)
            classifiers.append((C, gamma, clf))
    
    # #############################################################################
    # Visualization
    #
    # draw visualization of parameter effects
    
    plt.figure(figsize=(8, 6))
    xx, yy = np.meshgrid(np.linspace(-3, 3, 200), np.linspace(-3, 3, 200))
    for (k, (C, gamma, clf)) in enumerate(classifiers):
        # evaluate decision function in a grid
        Z = clf.decision_function(np.c_[xx.ravel(), yy.ravel()])
        Z = Z.reshape(xx.shape)
    
        # visualize decision function for these parameters
        plt.subplot(len(C_2d_range), len(gamma_2d_range), k + 1)
        plt.title("gamma=10^%d, C=10^%d" % (np.log10(gamma), np.log10(C)),
                  size='medium')
    
        # visualize parameter's effect on decision function
        plt.pcolormesh(xx, yy, -Z, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu)
        plt.scatter(X_2d[:, 0], X_2d[:, 1], c=y_2d, cmap=plt.cm.RdBu_r,
                    edgecolors='k')
        plt.xticks(())
        plt.yticks(())
        plt.axis('tight')
    
    scores = grid.cv_results_['mean_test_score'].reshape(len(C_range),
                                                         len(gamma_range))
    
    # Draw heatmap of the validation accuracy as a function of gamma and C
    #
    # The score are encoded as colors with the hot colormap which varies from dark
    # red to bright yellow. As the most interesting scores are all located in the
    # 0.92 to 0.97 range we use a custom normalizer to set the mid-point to 0.92 so
    # as to make it easier to visualize the small variations of score values in the
    # interesting range while not brutally collapsing all the low score values to
    # the same color.
    
    plt.figure(figsize=(8, 6))
    plt.subplots_adjust(left=.2, right=0.95, bottom=0.15, top=0.95)
    plt.imshow(scores, interpolation='nearest', cmap=plt.cm.hot,
               norm=MidpointNormalize(vmin=0.2, midpoint=0.92))
    plt.xlabel('gamma')
    plt.ylabel('C')
    plt.colorbar()
    plt.xticks(np.arange(len(gamma_range)), gamma_range, rotation=45)
    plt.yticks(np.arange(len(C_range)), C_range)
    plt.title('Validation accuracy')
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 9.913 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_rbf_parameters.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_rbf_parameters.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/svm/plot_rbf_parameters.html

