# Scaling the regularization parameter for SVCs

The following example illustrates the effect of scaling the regularization
parameter when using Support Vector Machines for classification. For SVC
classification, we are interested in a risk minimization for the equation:

\\[C \sum_{i=1, n} \mathcal{L} (f(x_i), y_i) + \Omega (w)\\]

where

  * \\(C\\) is used to set the amount of regularization
  * \\(\mathcal{L}\\) is a `loss` function of our samples and our model parameters.
  * \\(\Omega\\) is a `penalty` function of our model parameters

If we consider the loss function to be the individual error per sample, then
the data-fit term, or the sum of the error for each sample, will increase as
we add more samples. The penalization term, however, will not increase.

When using, for example, cross validation, to set the amount of regularization
with `C`, there will be a different amount of samples between the main problem
and the smaller problems within the folds of the cross validation.

Since our loss function is dependent on the amount of samples, the latter will
influence the selected value of `C`. The question that arises is `How do we
optimally adjust C to account for the different amount of training samples?`

The figures below are used to illustrate the effect of scaling our `C` to
compensate for the change in the number of samples, in the case of using an
`l1` penalty, as well as the `l2` penalty.

## l1-penalty case

In the `l1` case, theory says that prediction consistency (i.e. that under
given hypothesis, the estimator learned predicts as well as a model knowing
the true distribution) is not possible because of the bias of the `l1`. It
does say, however, that model consistency, in terms of finding the right set
of non-zero parameters as well as their signs, can be achieved by scaling
`C1`.

## l2-penalty case

The theory says that in order to achieve prediction consistency, the penalty
parameter should be kept constant as the number of samples grow.

## Simulations

The two figures below plot the values of `C` on the `x-axis` and the
corresponding cross-validation scores on the `y-axis`, for several different
fractions of a generated data-set.

In the `l1` penalty case, the cross-validation-error correlates best with the
test-error, when scaling our `C` with the number of samples, `n`, which can be
seen in the first figure.

For the `l2` penalty case, the best result comes from the case where `C` is
not scaled.

Note:

Two separate datasets are used for the two different plots. The reason behind
this is the `l1` case works better on sparse data, while `l2` is better suited
to the non-sparse case.

  * ![scaling=No scaling, penalty=l1, loss=squared_hinge, scaling=1/n_samples, penalty=l1, loss=squared_hinge](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA4QAAAPoCAMAAACxpsAoAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAAC9FBMVEX////W1tYfHx/9/f0AAIAA///5+fnx8fEAAAD/jAD/x4QFBQVfX18/Pz//3LP//v7+//8DAwO/v7/Ly8sMDAwICAjf39+fn59/f39paWkE//8b//8wMDAREREmJib/jwcbG44bGxsFBoMoKCj/lxnw8PALC4aGhob6//9LS0s2NjZ3d3f7+/wK//8XFxcrKyvp6emWlpZvb28S///k5OSurq7/kw/m///CwsJb///FxcVXV1f//v1i///t//+kpKRLS6atra2JiYkQEYj//PqOjo71///U////7dip//+EhMHHx8fa2tok////8eBtbW7d//+5ubn/zZCcnJw9PZ7/0528vLxTU1NjZGT/2Kjn5+eRkZH/+vTe3u7L//9hYbD/6M0iIiLt7e1S//9tbbZJ//9UVKpISEgt///i4uL/oCy7//+epnPQ0NB4////slM1Nps7Ozv/9en/nSSjtqDT09NcXFz/5MQVFosoKJST///o6PT/pzxbW62Pj8e1tbX/wXZnZ7N/f7+h///s7Pbv7/ev///JycmB////pDT09PT/+O8iIpGb///D////4Lxw//+oqKj/tl3y8vmKisTY2eyZmZkvL5hq//+K///Dw+E0//+zs9mWlsrAx4Tk5PG9vd7/umY7//9ERET/mR3/q0TK3LO4uNv/rkt6er3/xH2CgoJGRkbIyOTT0+n19fr4+PxC////vW21//+vr6+np6d2drqbm81DQ6Kio9FycnLOzuewsNemptNBQUGxsbFM3LNxcbirq6t7e3v39/efoM/19fWpqdSsrNb29vqTk5MG+fwP7/UBlcoDdLoH1eps27MBuNuK3LPtx4QIOp3KysoIU6rQyIXfxX7vlhmi3bW23LN4ksiIwnvifA7DqkMtwuGKTT4vHnDXniok7tpm0ptw5fLjplxPt9u7ZiGYxOFhq9TSgTSvsFR+qNNF5c6bc3Sx9Oet1aJMKlg9WqxYMFN86dC1u36i/9YpkMiv9v8A+fFhUJaaAAAgAElEQVR42uza30tj6R3H8ceTZXwgCZJ4jkkgJzQrqSSRRAcHgrlwJ8WrDIRgSYJelMiyQy4GNhdKl7IbWCgL3oUuFvZmC14q7Y221LYK0VqY+/1/+jwnv87xx6pTx+6479eFkzHHc87z5Pvx+XEUAgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACABxGWYSGi8m4HGzLW/5ne/S5iBISYkZEHvG3nbMvR1I8dI6Pqy1k6KQPXvvNIPO129VzAoPjgCmGrfNcQhibeNYTn5YWHLu2SnLk1hFYm5v9JhvDVG4oPrhDeOUxtu/6uIXwPpX2XEPqEMB8zhBd3DSF+XhYaSb/drqlXnRPTmp0TYrpoWEZxxjMdNdKduJVY0z9QyFjJs7WrJW6k52R5WEoFda52Z/TeYtw0E1n1YkldLVdfF+fHcdPOHHqmo1G5VTRzAT2LTDVsMz1zKQ5G+kXeam7ol5PHhj/5fEdHJrYya8VP9egRaFrJ9NagtKNSCzdsp/BP8jdF7YYQbqVtK64D4ttPWHZ+w91PHrWgbSXr6iJLddMslnU7gsHRjDKasc342pRz8y/jVlasq7MY0XnhPn4cwqOznLk3MfzhcdPEYd7f3HA+iKnFuGXXZ6jbJ+Ugtxs+jHaFWJPBo9qiWtf1ooeFbjC34AlhMr9SrcuCEG+sePc0begQ+uZHnDK7SLYHIQz7493DA9kdXONIVqq13YqqvJy9Wus2JkQqsBKuHoci3hAmorVVS/3X17ZK1f3E5RAmjUhnW5bUiBJXp9mwT1R1SyPT6wRD6m4Kx73CYd2a6J+tVZEvyuXJN1L/4piQi0KMb9Z3awgnzOZKp6gvNReK1qobUVc/eVo9Y+0dhle2U+Ji1n5brRiXQhhYq9X2rX1987lmJPzDetLYVd9Q13QdPw6hsd05MhLzwxCOmtYJBQ97GUN/EA3/cfVoNrdO4T4l5vP+vztme2r83fkdc8MTQqulVm62imjdVOn05XUIA3Io6IRQ5fi0H8JMTo1S8/nk4IwVe3Dahn/CdY35RtwbQlX0ImZNiY4OjZi7HEKpV0p75oVKxrR61ZNqqJW5SSHWQ3ODUz5LHHuno0F9iZipbic4utvArSEs6uaK11ZKpOOX+mkwxmqGvofB6m1R6iGrcSmEeiid37dVNxihV86N6POuygn38eMQpp1WlYchHDUtk3ymPiBbfRBluareaVlZCvcpObH3y+ojFlV5NPjOTrYZUiUW84Qwo9/JvBYil+5XoirxmemhiX4I5/N5nw7hTn+jtCQHkVuRxUNn5yV3MLxsr22qa1jeEOrDd+W6yMpNZ1Z5KYTOnDKihuN2XI9DO1KVoiw651XXm5+b9atTvvaG8IVcFpNmRQ+Ho7uduTWE/UZ2Vcr3Zaw66e4nsTQ6j5r6vvJnIs51imY/R94Q1vZ0K1WLhOGEOZnWN64HZtfx4xDuOqN2dxjCYdN2ZMU5o/ogzuSCPkMmQ+E+qTXhc0Oa2+sqKIXBd9LWXO2H6VzAuyZ0hhVVXqFG/xf/NdNRtXaRER3CltzvZ295cMpIOyQz1eEPKy9l/bA83ZDeEC44IZsRjZA+5vxyCPf01448FM3BUNTQC6fhurISyla/mY4HvSH0GUWx4aT7PtPR/n0W5IqYX43L0Mn0uJ8utbqQNqVep+41hZMgTwi/Ce11l6fP9J30OzA0uPF99/HejRnn5gdrwkHTBt2ZlXro7GtSuE9M6615MB4JU059noduCKFrJLwyHRWinezokTDkHQn18NrJ+GfGI2G9qWeq2zeE8LaRMJMfDWnjENpOnJKXQihK/vWEk977TEeHI2HV6ZBeor+94/STdzqqw13eVl3nGtkOnGEqrd49ts6FHr1GIcwd9G986fqR8IYQukbCrFweDsJ4Yuo5teQI9ldwk1IvsN7KG0LoWhNemY4KsSxf61Jq5y70QUnXKlONkp3xmrCeUF/WzRtCeNuacN8abQ+6QhhzxslhCDcGvwFS5ol0dmHvMx0tWkvOlGDwvH94Lt1P3uno4NdW1r3Gi9kqepu2DqGpJrAXxjiEjeSmuLKGvDWErjXh8mizC09HKl46DZesbb07enIU3lUffNBeq53l7BtCONwdbV19ROEMALK/O5rpnY53RxuVbqEbtxfEUi63UXvZmFBRi9UizcQNIdS7o7X9pjMLc0bZS7ujO/Hkaq26Vi+7KzVgrdZKudFIGJax5Wm9motJw3e13U4Iw72eFez1nH3gqHd3NLHSv1Q62yusGMazcT95LNYj4U5djZgXCftt9bmz27ks69WjuKFyVHNeJcYhXDdmF2udxXTLffztIXTvjlrZ0/BKbJHKfULOY3HTSkT1dKsTNK18ST/Bss3XW8YNIdTPCXPZkkxdH8KJ0Og5YeZ0+FbkJOdPFvXA0WroV6rqS4Y1uxa9IYRiM2Bbe2Wp1lo7/e2J/gV6eb+x6kxuzxJ+O3+87q7UVCNntQvBYQhFNhly/tYg7Gy6XhvCwQxVHXXqbIqM39lK237nOeFq2/YbjRl3P7mV64ZlB3VD9XO/+rJz5cisle86OYokrObc2jiEYqHS9Nvxsx3P8beGUD8nNEr9PeZIxrSagWkqF3uJ938NZ1+nI7e8Kb+3Y2vz9oOyyfOHuOWH/RtYr2f5PeoOg6JeCb+sO8/A35+jUrW6b+px97go/qcQliPW8zscltkVP+UQNo7C3aCsUXzoqxiWFV95v9c4jduhZGXyuvnuPUmrvvN4ffMOIZwaPu+Y+rGNs6TfdP0VIIAHFB4+8IjQF8D/xeTwgccmfQEAAB7fVKqVmgQ+OKmW78ksCCTwYWo9mZGwJVv8VsWHpyVTT2dvTE4yKQeFS1sAQghQuLQFIIQAhUtbAEIIULi0BSCEAIVLWwBCCFC4tAUghPg58X3/3b+//c8/fk/h0hY8tj/8+Z9fffrJFx9/1Perz7/8+u/f/W6KwqUteIyh7+svP//tR9f65R8/++vf/vS9j8KlLXh4f/EOfYPQffHJp1/969vf/PoXnm9//F/2zvSpqSwN41GOioAGpgRtcEG0Y0TQUmwDtElnhA5LD5qmoWxRErpCYoQSU1KjEIRh71hNIgIZwlYgoxWhOyxmBkKBH7CkgP9q7pKFRREhOXd7nw+3bsJyzrm8P55zz/vm3Frl4pDTngKBC2MBhcz6Eou066efqxODDU2ejvXf1eFpaliYWIXAhbGAgmx9g5/nKqXUObS48YcIYnuW57shcGEsoN1b37B4u79jZHbG0CtZ9ytqyMUbV6sYAhfGAvoa60uirW9yR79RXOea28RzVq9hbLafocUbgBDEYusr2mR99V9hfVurbX45f+PijYRavClNgcCFsQhZ5GJKcK3vi1bbs3HxJqmDbM4+BYELEApPYpdWssn6lnBME6fszqFN7Cd6yt+XiiFwAULhqHuoF4P1bT0LLt20eFOjzB9pg8AFCIWg+SYq9LMwWd/WjlzXvzRWb8ryk1irnZ0Ig8AFCHltgrMmKthNs5Ns6lars1npJ1HiGVuog8AFCHltgpKmeTbep9rnmkz+e8UOQ4NrVZiBe3lv7PF07/kPx2MvRpFPgfxwJvLMdwAh1zXpN8FuFneyv8fgz2YkmYK7XsONwH0Z+cueK0foR9ekx9yNS790WyTKjDm351zMTwAhpzVRnsVeE9yg4ZWZIkkI1mu4EbjJ3xCHMxeo8xu/EYe7p0Wi7+8TJ399DxBy2ASXaBPsHermSpdT5oe0tUFer+FE4O6PIWedtw5RLzIj/yUuOURQefpH4tWPewFCrpug1iXmWM/b1q/XzOxyvYYTgXs1PJM4njtJv/pwJCb8/H6RKPIH8gYxkn7zI/WYN4CQM1qdK/KaYBs3ByC2z5UHab2GQxD+SUO45+KNhz9f+pWA8H8khLH0txyjHngKEHJE9kWumuCGfyVBWa/h3nT0yW3ikB5esn46Ck7IHU29p02wtqGNF+PZ9XoN9xZmbpNLMZnhV+mFmfuwMMNNE0yq7xfzaFS7Wq/hUooiTnThiUh0NOZyXGZyMpmiuLHnBqQouGWCyx6vCbbycHQ7Xa/hTLI+kkzWR5Ez0ruXYi8+uUqcfDgZeebvIoCQOyY4U8NDE1yvnazXQNkaCNOEbcVrgj2tvB/ran/DhvUagBDEuErHaBM0jIiFMuS16zW1ACGIHSbY0VMntJF712u0ACGIWRNM9JpgmDAvQJsz3wkQgpizggUlbYL5eE1QlZOjlimkELgwFqFruJlenjA4sZqg2qxP3UcpPjUtoWBgdFqfIXd0Vln6rC157kqbhuBTFQ2BC2PhvcIGaRNMzB/G2Kq0srNg37YUT/BpHBjV6whACT7N1pZ2t01DGWg0BC6MhUcmqMRpgjKrzmuBCRnyDN306ICxIC01ft9XizRQI2GgOofZrZZC4AKEHDRBp9cEm/GZoNRWZfRa3Ghfzjovkypk6hyNrbI9z2rus1R1Enzqp0eNBQlpqduyzAJ9aFkECEFBN8F8eitd5SA2E5S1ZKTRxKRl5Cm+4gejVRSgle72FgpQBwkoaaAJafGbWewMDYsAISjIJmhIwmuC0RrLgJeTAYsmiLdzUpVCbbNW6YypIWYRIAQFUXU9XhNcSBFhWd1Q5AUssEUWKsxloWURIAQFzQRHaBOsGSvFY4E5faPeOaOxyhb6nGDIWAQIQUFR6+AMbYKeFSzPNFK1yxO8K5k6qwznSIPPIkAI2v0kdLnc+xCJmhkcJkhY4LTXAgs6KxkqiwkiiwAhaDcSly5p/Y8V8yxPYbBAt8ObjY/Xm9WMX4BgsAgQgnYMoH223v+pOdPiAobPCQYK0hIcbhWLrsWuWAQIQTtR2HyDwfcU3aSiMSeGzXullZ2+bPz0hmw861lsAQhBQVWKq8e/lYrE0zyyiqHNNQVp8nYF26/QJhanAUJQ0LQ60uzxfVw8S9njwnATSBak+bLxo0HNxuNjUQ4QgoKibudYkW8LoxpDwzyWojTFTgvSWMViDkAI2rVaFxZN/ie518/asewUE62xjPoL0mxS3l5cgBD0JQ2/b/Lva9uhXSrFs1WTIi+QjW+R8foCA4SgLbQuDdhbvoypKHtNNh5LQRoELoyFpQBODOFOA1JSuR0+C2RDNh4CFyBkRgykASkHVOdVrSlIUwnkagOEoA2a6s9XSvxpwPz+VSytSnNaOqfT9rGoIA0CFyBkRJMjzf4sBJkGTMHEn2M0kNhOcLQTFhgNEMJYhKe2wRlTIA04NIEjDSjVWB0Da/jTWdwy4V15gBBEqG7F92EkMguBJQ2o0pjlA4F9XAqEyR9AKECJU7rrhu3zrhHnwvuloYb85pnypnqDPw1Y2zSHIQuhspnlxjX8ZfRVKoT8RwEI+SaKsglXv3NhmaCsh6ZM6Sky9XYkZvmf6vwJ9ZavhH6rekVlX8aazXmNGWabQvB/MoCQy+qeoynT+iir2YqyzyvJNDPYhoE/XYC/eKPcbFOJQAAhx6X8GtIkWYkdtaYij9JQ31Q+05zfMLS0vOAccU3YhydD3E+Z26JLCPA3ILdqgD+AkBea/wRlvRRlWi9l70nK5u3Ddd1TzDycM1rWbtEH+EsddVg1UsAOIOSNtAiVr1CUlda1bUUZIwCS5S/6tDX8dbbkAH8AIb80nISyJlnZM6r8LMBf2nRnHkv3o4DAhbHsSmMIjbGuU2T52ZrylzR9VZ4a+AMIearJLJQ0zC7+rOvKz/SWduAPIOS1hhDSsqg7arngy88gcIUGYVgHQhOs6Y3M4fsEkq7PDel3Xgbu5b2xx9Pp06hwUpdEoqPUyUehQriAkIctfVFUpVI7MQm8/IzfEL6M/GXPlSMPqPNvS0pKHpw4RkB4hDgrEawTFiHkZEdPVBZyITS1CgDkNYTJ3xCHMxf8r/8bHkdAeELI01EXQrViNnREaiYRjO+Ee0B+Q7g/5jvieOuQ/43z/yEOR2P2nj7/0PvOxwMHDjwQEoQGhGbZgKCVKoeRqwElnkN4NTyTOJ476XtdEvOSOP70w8P027H/oN86Rt0gCgfCUoRqVhnvRXQeVZGtywGQBALhn34Iz53Y7z0LO35LmE64iFAz4wi6qd3p9RrASHjTUfFvV/xf+vW+IO8JuyUoqY7hPtio3bFHbQCRICDcsDDzt/B/+r4gTo4SJIQNCDUx2wONntqd3h0NDAkEQjpFESe68IR89SSZvg38Oe5hVMzvQoQwJREhO5MdyNFRifk8QFA4EIou740kk/VR5Iz029h/U+9d2Rt58a9MkRAhXEZIyWDzajlVm2aFDyYJCkLBjWVLiU0IjTDWuqyTrFBLMwOCELgChrAfoV6mEvXeCjULbE8BgStoCA0IzTHTsqoPKtQgcAFCKlGfOMVEw1IzWR4T74AKNQhcoUNYjlAPEwi2FECFGgQuQEiqTYIkrdhbjW43QoUaBC5ASKsHoXLsCFZChRoELkDo0xQDiXrbNFSoQeAChH7NIWTA22IOVaFmhAo1CFyAkJK4F6F+nA2qM4RboXb9XjYELkC4SSMImTAm6mXyeAFUqF2/9/hmbtmLw3eKCyPGG191PXr77Hn162unDh48eK362dtXjYXFh8tu3hND4AKEpJQILWNrTOGtUONLeYx4HWzvKNgqaNi2o1NnK948ehdReOdF7uNsCFzBQmhHKDEFF4IWskItlZsVao9zy54SsBG0UbC9eV5RfXYtbF8E79rZ6ornb55XX/vc14NnkQAht9SEUAOeljhdoZb77OB2RcP29lHXu8aIwuLiO4efluXe/CM7wFX247IXdwrH3z16U3H21OctsmvnFgkQckp1SUjSjaMhTleoZUec+hQoryueP6NgGy8sJGB7QcD2eL2Jib9kaeI/cp8eLo5o7HobTIsECDmlZoQWcSBIV6hlqDl5kcoqCBSqu141jkcEYLseAta3YZGvKYssfgEQ8karNQiVhrwVbleoZY+TQDTeW+tfGJZ8trbINwAhbzSLI1FPV6hNc7RCjbLBijJm/w9sssgugJAvEtci5ApxG94KtUpuXqF7jeQccDybRX8zyiJhOsobOREqCm0L9AZOxvZobl6gp/9n79qforiy8B04V6ZlZDLKIBpeM7xWQCjwUYQQH6CJjwiiokBwEaISTKGCpfg2vmIQXBTfRgqNWj6i+IhBNsZNxQer+X3/n+07g5bZzVa5KQ6c2/d8P/TMdFlfcdrz1enu+/XXW2wNtq/hxuVa0DAA8BKTX3OHWu0DNQbHzuPG5VrQ0AfQGYlHH37FoL4Ota7QGFzAjcu1IKIOoAeNfNbxUIDTeV0dah2X1RhcVsyNy7UgojcIpXexJDjkUNM2wKnrqq3B3Qu4cbkWVNwE6MdhHnKoHddWgh3d+o5BFqFGuFsKwV6ci8ElmmeoxaSp9fAyblyuBRk9AHtwmM/p61BTaFVjcGallxuXa0FGZCfAY5xBOFlO1ThDrVqNwRtl3LhcCzp+BhjAYT4u5UZ9x+Am3ccgi1AfrAC4iEI8a6qcrOvloLdamaU3tXLjci0jgDsAO3AW6jdKeU7Tg1J2Q43Bai83LtcyEtgD8AhnEE6Tk5fqOQYrHTEGWYS6oBdg+ysU5m+k/EjPMXjNlmBaDDcu1zJC6Ac4gEL88TQpdRyExcvUGOzu4MblWkYIJ0shuAuFeaeUH2h4QEJBTldjuHG5lhHDXoA6FOK/vC+lfmuExcvU8+qXO7hxuZYRQ04nQB8K8zEpP9d0DHYJblyuZeTwT4A5OINwiZS6ZcmE8wwf1AoWIdcygtgMcAmF+KCU6zQ7FmvaVZ5hm6P+f1mE9HEB4CzKgvR79iDU652D4TH4Va1gEY488iP8CYXhrx63Qp797WlqdOoMA0S4HuAFCvFCKb/TawyG8gzbnPYfrEfjnohe7iqIbQp9T6+pqWlKjBeiyJfpyvQtdrwIVwOk3EMZhF9I+YNOY/CWivC8VStYhKOBrEn2JjX7ze+H7jghPmy0v93+0PEiXAuwCIX4Bym/fU+f49BGINbXYBGO8amzzvJxb3ZMuWJvAvPtzfyI8J7nUVFRTY4U4eEMyDiEMgi/k/JrbQ5DONZXwzxDp4hwurvI3mYmvf5d4zthb6Nn25vZ0eFd8aErRSeK8BTAfhTiL6X8QptBqGmsr+NE+P0bEWYmjlEi/FGJ0O/wSXgvBeA0CvN9KQ/qMgYfOHcMano66q0vEP95OurYa8K/Yy3U/03KJZrk/IbyDNsXCMEiHEX8/sbMePdW9RG6MdPo8Bsz3rMAF1CY10l5TItDoHOsr5NEGF6iiBPZ29SvbVmhnUW+EleJ05coLgFsRlmo/6uU72sxCGN0jvV1kghFfkS0Wqz3qDPSdP+Z8M6nSdGpc4WzRTgH4AkK8edS7tRhDHY7fQwKtq0Rx2mAlBwM4k+knKbBayd0j/VlEToA+wFOoRB/IOV58tU7Is+QRag5DgUh4zAG8dLJ9Aeh1wGxvixC/bEI4FcU4nNSfqPFGKz2ChYh1zKKeLUdYDUGsUq+p/0KJufkGerZuIXbsqaL2YUsQvEIYD0KMfnk+1Csb5oRY5Bk4z71V/njRH4ji9C7A+AOBvGsqXIq5eT78BjsNmMMkmzchIkiNk4057IIrwOsQCEmnnzvoFhfXRvXHoO2COP8LMIBgJdIg5DwK2DCeYbdHYJFOHqoX6lEODHVeBH2AXSivAOGdPJ9q6NifXVt3JK8xbGFs3N/M16EdQB7MXhJJ9/P2+2oWF9tG/eZ3+32PxOmi3BXEEpPYhCfp5x8/8C+GuwSgkU4qsgZ3zA44chRYbwIbwL0owxCysn3lZaV3CZYhKMNf5yDpvqfx91SCPZiEO8knHzflWxZlYJFOOrIWskitNEDsAeDV70ChmryfdlMy/pKsAhHHxUJv9RE2TBbhJE7AB5jEBNOvq/dYFk3ilmEBOB2u30+n9tntggvAgygDEK6yffFmyxrS4dgERLA+CGYLcIVABcxeAkn39+yrJkLBIuQayGCxwA7MBbqVfL9lzRLrrYsK0awCGkgfX5V1fx0s0W4B6AHg5du8v2aZMtaJliENDAhMbBqVSBxgski7A1C6V2MQfgt1eT71quW1e1lERJBiydHiBxPi8ki7Ac4gMFLNvleudXaawWLkAj8LrV1mfwUxclSCO7CIL4v5UKKBXsvW1Zaq2ARUkFuhdpWmPw84V6AOgxessn3yywreY1gEZJBeeBEU9OPgQJzRRjZCdCHQUw1+b7LsqxqwSKkgzHl0T6fv+C5uSJ8ibRQTzX5foGhbjXSjTu4tXnQKbX8GWwGuI7BSzT5vsNUtxrhxk1vUNsGc72jdwDOYtys/8QehAQDf4tvWNaGDsEipITGfLU1OG1tPcALDF6iyffmutUIN25ieIki0VQRrgbYfg+Bl2jyvXKrdQkWIS34Q28A3WrsOuFagEUYvB+RTL432a1GuHHHlavtJFMdM4czIOMQAi/N5HvlVrvsZRFSa9wif0t8fIvf1Bj8UwD7MXhJJt8rt9rueYJFSK5xm7flJXg+FWaKMCcF4DTGIKSYfO/ttqyrrYJFyM8TksITgDkYvBulPE6uWMPdamQbN1K9HLomPrvQTBF6zwJcQuAlmXxvuluNbON6quy/KZCb4NtnpAgvIS3UU0y+V261W6xAgo2bVCHEb7npInuckSKcA/AEgZZi8n3HFtPdamQbV0X/rioXwmXko0ynAVJyEHgJJt+H3Gq1LECKjav8MrmzhaGvRtsPcApjEBJMvv/KsmaWsf5INu4/skWhr0aIivrf7c6P8Ce8vlfz/FlEdP1yISa6FZ47SISHMiDjMAIvweR7dqsRFuF4f72/yv6c5Hl774no5a6C2KbwjylZK+OOFNkijK2x4aRJuAhgLQItweR7dquRPoVzfXZCBW6eaX57Z9Yke5OaHfq+L7EhvHNiosNOR+9tB1iNwHuMXPJ9axq71XRr3DG+Gfa2PHzDdNKV7EDST4O2CH0RgSnNDhLhC4D1GIOQXPJ9bTu71bQT4XS3ffYpMpNCP277pxzZF2GfrS6e3Vy4yj/kb3seFRXVpLcI1UL9HQTehVLep1Uou9W0FeH3YRFe8acLMdcdDsCITCgP/5P40F0arUV4HWAzAi255Hsvu9W0Px31qPumLvfQBKxqdMwkHAB4iUD7NbXk+xh2qxEX4R8vVb99Y+aM/6gQD33hSejN8jjlmrAPoBNhoZ5c8j271ciLMPEn1x/sDS9RxInsbUIcDaxyFSZV2WegFXHNHt8Rp4iwDmAvAi215HvlVtvEbjXSIsxM8mUtP/pfu/MjotVivUedkbqu+APq7mhBRHTu7SLhEBHuCkLpSQReYsn3866xW02Da8JCT2ysp8ix17f/CwcA+hFoqSXfs1tNk8Y9urzFnVRilghflUKwF4F3nZQHCZVZaVnJbaw6PRp3X6Jh76zvAdiDQEss+b4t2bIqWXQ6NO7gxBZfUqZRIozcAfAYgZdW8n1ZmmU9YM3pcU3o9xQ6o5Z3xkWAFQi0tJLv2a2mSeOqu6NnopxRy/+BAYCfEWhJJd8rt9oWdqtp0LiJBVuddn37DngM0Bk5/LRLJaXk+7H80glNGneMw65v3w17AHoQaEkl3yu3WgwLTofGXZka+nvS80xK4O4NQund4acllXyv3GpjWW9aNO6U+eHPz1YZJMJ+gJsItJSS70NuNX6MV4/GjRiyjroC5ojwZCkEdyEMwql0BqFyq7WzW02Txn39kO6nBqWt7QWoQ6CllHz/wLLS2K2mS+PWzwh/zq03RoSRnQB9w09LKfme3WpaNW55XijDcKZYDNAAACAASURBVDCv3BgRvgQYQKAllHzPbjW9GrcmECh5+EtJIFBjjAhXAFwfftaPp8nJS2kUyG413Ro3rtHndvsa44QpIrwDsAPhtiGd5PvaDZZ1jd1qejVuw7+ONDillnfAeoBHCIOQTPK9d5NlbelgpTnvFM45tawG2P5q+GnpJN+zW41FSB2/AhwYflY6yffsVmMRUsfhDJSFejLJ9+qlE+xWYxGSximA/QiDkEryfetVy+pmtxqLkDJyUgBODz8tleT7ebvZrcYipI4nAHOGn5VM8j271ViE5OHdDHBp+GmJJN8Xs1uNRUgfFwDODv8V07/ZO9enKK40jPcMLzLNIA3oqKRwuIyICKXBVUOABEFdb5RmMa5CecGtlNaQpfCyKpaoaFBX44YSr7ESI1EqRI1aarxsEms1aKKftpIPSe3+Ift1+/QMqNEyJp4zp9/m+X0YZ8jY5pmaH93T0+9zRPP9VRek68LVapDQ/cwguiV/qy5pvl843TQ7YBgkdDdHifIuy9/sp65ovhdXq/Vh0QlI6HJ2ER2Rv1V3NN9X4Wo1SMiAzvE0fo/8zbqj+f4crlaDhAyYT/SO/K2udMWOsAFXq0FCBlxuI1ohf7OuaL4XV6vVwy5I6HbuEa2Rv1VXNN/jajVIyALrONFJ+Zt1Q/M9rlaDhDw4TbRO/s7CDc33Vo9pjsOiE5DQ/cwg+k7+Vt3QfF9vmrlNUAsSup6LRAdLZW80ww3N912maTbALEjoflYR7ZC/1RP6m+/n4mo1SMiDbQU087D0rbqg+R5Xq0FCLuwmuiN/q/qb76v6TLMZV6tBQgY8aCP6RPpWXdB8j6vVICGX/9XrRNvlb/Xvyckn9OYSV6t1wSpvvnHL/KGcgWVD+7/1B1cvtu/cjQQj01hKeJKoQP4aMPqb73G1moclPBRc7JsyMhp7UDzxz6P2VRhGRWaRryhzAUMJDx9UMsOkvfleXK3Wg6vVPCrhxGz7JlLi3N85Nl6SX7nWvrlQyVDCXURvJ6nYEeptvhdXq7Vj0QmPSjgsUxx1LhruPMg+U5If/ud9w8gXK2vP9sePUVNSUqJMJPyMaLyCnkPdzfdWt2mexdVqXpVwasA++jSKws6DC6HifTv9aYYRrLYfVQdjTxkTELCQcE8e0cfyN6u9+R5Xqw0BCc/HJDwTKjSMmsB9I/ilkDDEbk+4iuim/INR7c33uFptCB2OpomFtH2BuicPR/l8JvyaaKb8rwi1N9+LlUA74JN3JXzixMyx0AHDuJZ5P3ZiZi23EzOdbUT3FGz3Pb3N97P2m2YvrlbzsoSxryhGGSWbDeNA/lJfeXiZ+Iqi1lfL7SsKaw3RDAVn8XU33/fgpIzXJTTK/EHxZX2aOCL1nQnli7Ojxt1wMFLDLMs39sGogqXQRPP9pxn6Yi3BSRnvS+iVLJ/MVDLKq7v5vgmF95CQSxZrhpJrRg3jqtbme+dKGbgECVlkuUHU1qliw1qb76t6TXM/rpSBhCyyrBhP9JGKDYvme307wnNYhRAScsmS9DbRKiVb1tl8b6VjfAkSssmygyjvsIoNa22+F50yGF+ChDyyHC1Qsiyv4TTf/0NXKtEp04rxJUjIIkvpOiXrvxix5ntdO0Kr1TSbUbYNCXlkOUJ08JKSLb+ubwkYqx6dMpCQTZaLBUqWnjD0Nt93YQU0SMgmy+XjRNfVbFpj871Ylv4cJIKEPLJ8TnT8spod4SvJf9BU+CtGJ1D0CwmZZPmCqOArNZvW2Hzfg2XpISGbLA+2Es1Xs2mNS8BgdAISMspyh2hdqZpN62u+x+gEJGSU5bSSrl8Hfc33YnTiCgSChDyyKOr6ddDWfD+rFyWjkJBPFjVdv7Edobbm+w4siQ0J+WQRXb8rFG37w+TkN7SEajDN3C3QBxLyyKKo69dBW/M9RicgIacs24luqpoy0NV8v3yjaXZjdAISMsnyvZquX4err+jZEWJ0AhJyyrJNUdfvgINaPhGmYnQCEvLJoqrrd8DB13XMEWJ0AhJyynKLqG2bxxzE6AQk5JRFdP1+7zEHl2N0AhIyyqKs61ejgxidgISsstwgyuv0mIMYnYCEnLIo6/o19upy0BKjE1gKFBJyySK6fnd5y0GMTkBCXll2EB087C0HMToBCVllUdb1q89BjE5AQlZZlHX9anQQoxOQkFWW+URbL3nLwbm5GJ2AhIyyfGUfjH7hLQffx+gEJOSURXT9fu4tB6swOgEJWWVR1PWr0UFndAJLgUJCNlkUdf3qdBCjE5CQVZZLarp+dTooRidSoQskZJPlHSVdvzodxOgEJDTK/KGc8tjdrIDAZxijnTv97ssiun6PespBqxujE0NewkPBxb4pI6NxCesaGxvtHc3okfafje7LIrp+d3jKQWd0An0WQ1zCidn2TaQkLmFh7Iejx7ozi5KuX60ObsHoBCQcljnNvl00PC6hf9LtLCFhpj+/uCX+lP6UlJSoK7Io6frV6uCGcRidgIRTAxX2bVHYeeA7NqIiO2B/QFxQ3VK+NFQXe8oY5wOiC7J05hHd8JSDs9oxOgEJ4xKeDz/6SXFx7M+knEUu2xNuV1CvptVBjE5AwqcORx3OR+J3lq11VxYVXb96HcToBCR0ePzEjMPS27E/rYlprsoiun5vecpBjE5AwhixryhGGSWbDWP2tbpNJYEa+2Pgn0a1pGXuc1MW0fW7xvKSgxidgIQDlPmD4sv6NPuItHZ1aOz6nfbPpviDky5UuCqLgq5fvQ5W9ZnmfoxOQEI+WRR0/ep1EKMTkJBZFuum9K5fzQ6mm6bZBUkgIZ8sHxPl7fGQgxZGJyAhsyyi6/czL+0HlzdjdAISssoiv+tXOPiGPgcxOgEJuWWR3vU7T6+DRj1GJyAhqyyW9K5f3Q5idAISMssiun7veMlBMTrRAT8gIaMsouv3gYccFKMTvRidgISMssju+tXtoHHFNM9idAISMsoiu+tXu4MYnYCE3LJcl9v1q91BsRToEsgBCRllEV2/FyU7mKHxhRSjEz0YnYCEjLJcOkh0xEMOYnQCErLLIrfrV7uDxjmMTkBCZllOE40/6iEHMToBCbllOZwns+tXv4NzMToBCbllWSWz61e/g2J0ohUnZSAhpywfyez61e8gRicgIbssnW0Su371OyhGJ6ZjdAISssois+vXBQ5idAISssvyncSuXxc4iNEJSMguy7aZRN94x0GMTkBCdlmsGfK6fl3gIEYnICG/LPfkdf26wEFLjE40QQlIyCmL6Pr92jv7QYxOQEJ2WZJuEq3yjoPO6ASEgISsssjr+nWDg87oBE7KQEJWWY5K6/p1g4MYnYCE/LLI6/p1hYMYnYCE/LIckdX1Oy/ZBQ5idAIS8stysYDopGccxOgEJOSXpfQ40XXPOGi1mmYz+iwgIa8suyV1/brBQev9VIxOQEJ2WWR1/Wp1cPncriXneno32h8HTTMdKkBCVlkebCXaLcnBExka3Evt6Wt23BugAyZAQl5ZRNdvKTMHn+meIHdjb/cSLAUKCXllOSmn6zchDs5auKUh9Urf/nFPu9fe3VGf3rQBJ0UhIb8skrp+lToo3Ku/0voM987CPUjIP4vo+k1yp4NVG2z3Op7hnnm2vbWjvqFpA447IeHvpcwfyimP3c0KCHz2vbuRYGRawrP8tq7fjAkT/vjmm6+99tZbc+bMWbnygw/efffq3r3z3vtQpoNVG5rSbffaz+b+0r1x+1uv1DdsWRi/MtvC/g8S/l4OBRf7poyMxiWsa2xsLDWMiswiX1HmghfN8urf5LBo2bLF/43xnzg/DPLvR/zr1/ghXQL1Hd3tG5/pXuoj9wAkfHkmZts3kZK4hIWxH1autW8uVL5YloyMLFMSubmmS5ne3NeT2tA1Fxe/QELpDMsUR52Lhscl9E+6nWXfyZ9t38z2v2CWjHLTqzjuLYF7kFAlUwMV9m1R2HngOzaiIjtgf0AMVtuPqoOxp/SnpKREn5dlQt1fJfG/U6dO/RTj559+FvwYJ/XH1EQD9yBhIiU8H370k+JiW8IvhYSh2A/GOKdrnpclQ+qpyMGtZTgPBredgbcU8P7hqMP5yC8OR391TwgAJJR1YsZh6e34iZm1ldyyAMBSwthXFKOMks32vu9a3aaSQI34iqLWV/viX1EAAAlfhjJ/UHxZn2YfkdauDo1dv1P88G44GKkxICGAhMgCAN64kBDgjYssAOCNCwkB3rjIAgAkhIQAb1xkAQASAoA3ri6saCCaAgA7ogMjsl74fQIAT6Ke2RMWRguf+wsn/Jt/RYXlPjP8Ev+d+24+zPvfC6v824XRpCFz6B1R+DciMp4U8fDnhgjvfy/CKryLeajwbzyU8aSHHpbwIe9/7yGr8ABn0ADwJP1j+vEiAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAhjbR4ZHJd/EyAKCPxhbj1fwDeB0A0MrkKF4DAJRTXjwpcE3ceWyJ1DgjJuPlAUA9O7+tcSQcXCI1Z7JgqmH8JVKBlweAhOBI+NRKHP3rq/HSAJA4CZ9ak8qqHINXBoAESvjEEqnOZ8VATk7OJrw4ACRWwseXSAUA6D0cBQAkVsKnT8wAABLDgZaWwOyW6OASqQCABJPltOGlDS6RCgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAAvg/e+f7mkiSxvGyHZKCVqS1yx/QLeOKiD9okyEBiS/cyeKbMzCIh4phWQzHBV8E1heRO5Zd4TgYkHsTbsnCwcGCL47DsOyLZJl17yLbOnKX9/P/XFW3rd2OJpkfN9Hx+b5JG6urqsvn089TVd1V1Wc1PhQrQUOAQA8kbyilHpzm4L1iEOihdKyvNRyBlgCBHkZHOAqNAAI9pJ7jXWgEEOghldcXAgeBQBCOgkDrKhiYAYEeWF4lpR7YDsPQEiDQQ6ka4PhQzA0NAQKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoHuLTd2I+TH90vcb6aESVLp2buXzjne35WwvHb8J7clcbKto3yZIObmfvOhZLlqHDCOfBj281hjCOv5+yWuBDOSAaEXp5cPQg/23QlhJ9WsLSWEW/kh2OP6Qnhf2REKGBDuK/bVhJBWO/YhIRzdF0LQx6ytSoiXG+y989a1SMJRaqwZjnAZryUc5WItiQSL7IR0nIQGxbnR0QRCtiuhM/WqQWpRM40lp0xCZWp4/rgsSkWXlnFfIuE+8oVJ3EM/O8TTayIHRoY5bvY4PvSEPXimxkVSs3JpSuzalohcZpWaljvsSaIcvxybtr5PlD+r7R2MusLOAtQWQHgUCPG1wdBUEXs3SOTU4Uxilzej8Mo1jXw3EgppPGdXoUf0WkR51lFIONHWK98R42ijG+RlxxYypzdBmA0TqW+cbGrS0w698JZ2kyzR360BCwessi6Uc/el/wyhInZelbYpPar/Mn3mVLYsEIZS2UKZBZknRDrrxzhmE/bkRFYI67hALUYOnpcCZu/jJZ1Ld7YZoQZYLJW6pKtnfNWK8/7G7mVQoTQ5eC5a8AuxMYQjSc6VDuVrF9rDmZbb17RCOE1c4XuFq7BSNZcbcWTdhZ7g0/Pa9OFBPl/fUFgeyVB5tv63QziUxFxhwIqaVCQq+EuFQz/lzpJPsJZNP+3RhnPgRCEXEq0QdnMt93ntelz5UsF+LHZLxVBqZE4/hZCLqy2n4DUgnFxaVeZ8rSbHfp8sLu/2YwJQuMISn+h/22LDNf1vsi0eWiAkdWqIMkW0LFI67SlmEw5syGmF8FCm1ujEz+lh6mKaqYpNIyP2ZFd2sYypRzrBjL9L3Gd5MtcSZe6KQRgVPNqJLZTDrz+CPU2cxzkGP0nMlptMViRrOOrn6QWcsfuJf1J/7k4Iz7HKwmx6d5lUJCZNovaJvOgIj32jDfcQQ8QKIfOVyTRrCIdWnSv8FLGqbZvTTyFUNilwQtSAcHJpCWxjN1D6+4xkdg+yS3Ew5dXVtdzNb9C/BXw1/k87UROoPQUsEGq/cfwYISWmWTKzCa/HkM0KYYMZklNhhxnTg9MHfNyn22GpIzKTpX6La7BADGfY1/iGmeaRNrDT1cFpSMy/tHECpfHF2c5rEBqJB3iLJYzHLeWqDVYMsUJY5WnejRQ92pnU//ROCDMiu0VtmSvSxYHCJjvYnOTj2UCuWih3wgLGbczuH0nBCiENVtmVn7HKs5Ob8garuJIxp59CyNoFKQEDwsmlxVN6jm5UwirLIIHbYMur2yd8wmGxWaW3YGNAM0aipVcexWHtExrWKFSQZmG3hKNVoa/1zTROzCadjom4Rh3Fc6FztucZsDz0jLUBCC/ep+kF9nmIn+jg1MYehhZ6eU1w6soK4SRxZZyuZi73KS5f5j0VPDMw0wwlT/A5erNwtFPTDgVTRZI5CQvXntlw1FtRsPxskzKqoapYIGyHasW0Z5fVxMFuDqgzrvi1Of3MwAyr/LhPaFxarcOOWJ8wazjhOtjyKqt+I15MPWEE+5llCwsgNHnCReHotjicDyE13HyTltMjLMF8CK2eMJ7SPYzmQIfuC31U5XVPmMB7hkublluuMe/VnIXQg59W5DZ6s3B06gnNFYmoQXlkDUc1l98VAmbPFsVDLZb1or4+lKJBKGpuTTZiibmecBGEU09YwDeGEwattMoKastOvU+4qb2KfoMXQGjqEy4KRztaEDUXQsZ4AvVEajEjbj6Eejcvrdtel1hGYU9o32lOnzCN9liAN0ZmCiFb5rAqGhCeGic34kTrCL9JOHquLVWzj0szFTmknTNLOKqLdtFMfbwr/Iplo0HIZl3LUwiz2JiGndsnXAThtE/YlmEaY9UVkfb77n3SZKOj11fucza3IBdLA0VeAKExOvpa9ONV1WOsqh50JKjzIdwu+9ytMi5QT1AuXEnBuRDqA57HY9trS6FcqVAs59HAkXVfXvPM1eGZ0VGWuEISfXc2sG0u14cDJV8taEA4Ig23h4V8ZxgfvN4SGoQ2VZUUVWUWjp2zo6MlP09rO6lILKGmsxw344FOGoet0kAYMBdsjHZuyqnLfrnGhm1kabefCU4hTB7L3VbJ59g1p78bwp3x6Ci9V2WFjJpWB4Di6moYkEQS9LOptpZTJCnKwU5ZFo9PuQUQsnlCJbH/+lilTw/IHKhIRvMhzJc5Iju1Wa8gqUWLcyEUT51EDrTHtofagyAvp3pV1DoO8UqM9VslZQLhNDHyabN3Hku5+xwJF/0GhOgqzGuh9gY5RgsgHEeoNFVbHxSZfHMUUAQuQcPKSUVyDZnnKrPzpVuOsChKOdo73OgpJJ7XSn7VEEN+7Xr3GkSpnEwhZD1LIoYDB5b0d0KozRNWfNpwczom86GYCra8burcsqD1cfkdMh6b5i3aFG7un3iu+rh1d6IWPn0vLfU+n/uZVUWEjuB6qpd1Py3j4v8p97u5ak0DwLeC0NYKSq57XGYGLTOE3WKpX8EDMMf11DOOECn7BifMzGO8K4Rvm3gSXApx2wdsrreA0Giv256/jQYJn8q5wBxB9zND6zwG6C4Z8x0OaArQe9KpdR4DdJeM+Q54gxAEAoFAINAHlL0e2QSBVk6Ruv2jgbCOQaCV1Mfz5HgE1+GuClo91fHHs9XOpvZ2GQgEhgvXAgIBhCAQGC5cCwi01hAmh8shO9gXaD0hdFVtyyJ4Swa0nhBWbUejpXCEowMvPKIPWkcIk7ajZalQBFwhaC0hHNpGy1KhkQ12IAGtJ4RLY/lDgBAEEAKEIIBw6SF0VWR828aX7nd4rg8gBAGE91CL36suWLnFyZa33aguHOHc5ohkrHuvr6TNltNTw3x4FyBcAf34w8/f/OMrgPDhIbwxFvXcmA/hYp3xRdsTcfwSSqRardZlP0J7QtQWFfIA4VLrq++//fq7Tx4xPf70n//53A4QPiCEDm0XBWegJztRLkVC2iq4e04iXxxpzs2rhaNqiufYvmFc1CGGzsensl08UTgxzeuSLS6bYYviXmQAwiVV8oeff3rxh0cz+uy3v3v5y48A4cNAGOmGqlvIKSZsNpRze0vBAFulPnByerMVaVSq1SSD0CN0D3zERyGUtw+igr7a0obAgs5npvXPYmybnxCDNccBhMunP3//zRdj96fpj19/+/LXF59NPn/y3Rd//9tfAcL3BuGXj2/Tl9OTNF6cxl6VSJWpM2uYwlEGYZPRlaAdPq6JkEvR9zHZ0TYVik6X0a4KbEMVni0nmuUBwuVyf//+6dPHJsf34teXv/xX/871+b/+ZP7uL7//zYfuKH6sED5+dJsez0L4P/bO/amJc43jC1lrFA8JHBMVRBGVRg5gLR1jmCZQsIlQsCmFUVECFpJSMyDqiBiFCignHiFyuJT7cKkM3gAplssIPaNHBc5fdfLubi6bQCBhd4m7z/cHJmQD2d3ZzzyX93mel9gwMPL3Q7tl4n9hh/d6QLgfvfE6LBELzbC/2P/CDcIXLgg/j0FhZRjaHS1NBhAGkfmropm/7P5BySof66i97fpUjT1Q7BQBhJxaQoSbXPbldzk/OpijQfjCASHyNanDnu6o5DKRxwF3NFgk6lx6RjN/+WWz4yu+/mJyfKDeDdh4rgJFwWdHXRC+ixCh/ZuPYrsod/T3773cUTcIPRMzkeTuJ0Ri5mdIzGypHvTazV+8m/kzrWr+1srceASKdWwHigChE8IK8UV52iE7czlh+ypCTnyBnU+QfyGiJ2bcISSXKOR2PKvRr9XElvRYakRGSAYsUWyd+Vv2Nn+Tfv8bbgNFgNAJIfZtsuxlGlqRiLwmi3lphzFB5rZEgcJBGoTYidAwYrF+F3JJj8qopYt3B8IOf4MBhJyrvdfuTMbTwFko2lQvmXeguMRKoAi1oywKIOQwAVPmHszVD4wz5UJ6BYozvSKAECAEeWqlI9Nh/hoWWKh/oQeKmbVLDwBCgBDkHgh+QOFbPNtL7e6BYtxcXSdACBCCKI11ISzqB7n5tjsfTFTg2fx2KBEgBAhB2MQcAiJ9gsOvfDVU1kw5pqb5+4KB0L1rKG2/LHkXmiPj1jQEEApUg8WIha4hrr9X0tmRT0WI+dkTEiFA6N41dCriovzU8XP0piGAUJBqf4Y8w9j5relEerBYS+VqYuvHVngPoXtxSsZl+4+Lh+hNQwChAJU4gFqSMjtWtvAUemeohcT49NlBXkNIK9NMDftVUvi3ffQqTYBQcJIso8c/7u39rT6Roro5ahmxqmFcxFsI6V1D73ZHiI99Rm8awt4T27zBjBnBaJwIyUxFweEWLxdTfcKxxQuTfIaQ6hoKSc6o+OH4eXrTELaXmPGydTNmIonvR+2+MGOGA3WaiJTIePCckWi8oYtaQkwfKOIhhDR3tPocys6IC+nuaMCWkKEZM5HinMJCRDPMmGFfZIna7YVg22RgcDadcky7/Kpt+/QSM+dQKiZV/BWtaSjgmJCpGTNOrxVmzLAtskStZiAxGE9usr8+1u/atk9piUJONA3tiTghT01IoDcNBQwhUzNmIsWhyX9FYtDUy7rbN0+UqDW0B+0ZSt5kV/lX2/bJLNYTXUNE09DF47Lk6q8wWtNQwBAyNWMm5Le/p+4Tn4IZMyxriAi8igeD/DT9q23ja9laX7Qv9XlCyMSMGQw7dgxmzLCqiXTOS9QClh+1bXyFMHqbL0V7QsjAjBlE5GFwR9nMe2xRiVrgjqmzti1WApZwXUvIwIwZlDP6C2bMsKatLVELWPeJ2rZ6QVpCP2PCTc+Y+fZ1zs1/iL+BGTMsKQhK1AI/996ZIYBwYxBuasZMxmVZzLVfMQxmzLDi1y14l6gpdDqlRsGjB1fAELIpgJAZrVKiprSSUX9SSm75iLFU3VrZY2lsMht0+k8QTIAQIAxyFXmVqCmajL7SblEUmN0IzCyzLejBBAgBwuBObHiVqOkrSSNoVJcaR8pzU6K2bUBRKdHlI1Ol3S0GBUAIEIL8kFeJmsMIRluVLsOo0ets5qZGS09lKwVmkg8c+9QWmxYgBAhBGxFVovas3cMIRpVOr2fPFBqlzkCAaW1Vq4wjfbnRNDDLVRabBiAECEG+5VGipsiaIvjJdTOCfkmqVdosqnIXibmqHrMGIAQIQWvIo0RN15pCGkGzdJP/WGuzqPtcgWRuqXVaCRAChCBP0UvUtI0jJDA9TOGiMLR097kc1GijtUkpBQgBQpAjFuwtcy9RcxhBlZlhTBS6xtYRF4kpxsosvRQgBAiBwN4yoi2WKlFzGUGWojepLqt1KsVF4lRro04BEHIKIQx6CkYC8bgyokTN0E0YqiSVjV0LJdVnVRpdJCaNdHNJouAhZGjQ06lrMbIDqLIUBj0FTuBQWQ01KukDmgyhbekjlxMs3KQwpcomqzHabUGRq6V9wUPI0KCnij9vytPQPqEw6ClQAutpBEoNatIIqg3chmnKaWtprovEcrVFCxCyCyFTg54InauGQU8BKdFF4DwxHUljIZfz+ixbs46nMfeonCQChCxDyNSgJ8IaJv8InfWbIdA0T9TGSG2UEew2bOmJacil/VxwR9l2Rxka9GSnLywCTcGAQU/+ETjmJHCRrE5zGsGWoCjw1NrMAGGAED484ksPPSFkYNCT/OZvMX/CoCf/CCwmtzWKNy2RBEptKsIIpnTrBHQf+ArhkR2+dMQTQoYGPR0Ad3TDeuVFIKbpIeOwkUatoG4FWEIGBz29CIVBTxsksN9J4DK1gYrUrCIKOlNadUK7GxATMjPo6X//ycnZs/u/MOjJLwJrHQRiSsoITgnMCAKEdAg3Nejp4nHZ7v0nUK0jDHryqZWFWieB1Og0qd5iJI1gpV6Q9wRqR1kUQOhNYDxF4AJFoCZLTRWpTGUpBHpbAEKAkCsClykCM2v7SQK15kpHi220QI0gQAgQcqZJJ4HF/a8IH9TQM0V11iZN9XBcmgYQAoTCI9BEJ1DfUupoWeirNGuFfn8AQoCQcYnaBzvf9I4tzw90NMzUF6c7CBxDAfEN1AAAHJFJREFUBGqauh1VmdHqLA0GAggBwk1IsnK/aGJ8qH9xti77WVlxbfpc1e3mGmrLaJrsBCZimMJmHXE0z5ZatqSLHSDkBsKPwXJCH/kHYRFh3GpNc/ldzbGZ+MaUWW8nUKqzGKlRElEjVpsC2OMxhIkhPwXLCR0N+Yxnj0t7zXrAxdc0d1XNmWrr3zZ0DHxYGut90zkowpSNKke3bHnrtBa44zmEWGHITx/fB4M+5sglPHtcFl20xWXG3q7KTzcVl81k180uLgyNTxTdmVzlgrXTrc6FCFWjEpgTAoSSwpBgEd8MIWbC8Q7CuD1I3NDnFQarcyHC2KODIFAoENo90vfBIRHfnpb2OLxm4xelt7gvREAQKCwIQSxpab2Nn53SZKkdCxG53bAQARCCGPRGhzbgg5or+5wLES16uG0AIYgxTcbjmevGgopKx0LEVI8BfFCAEMSolnG8eN1AsA8WInj64LrN2SUmEYqPY9ge4sV7gJAz1eL4mO9PSBuT0KYRsBDBQwjd5+weLSws/CVmrx3C3fZXhWAJOdMruzf6yucnNCqUiDHAreIjhJ7jXF6L5XYIY8Ad5VT963mjNlQVowY3lJcQeg02O4YmL+2JCD10zLGXy/vt27f/AhCyqmIcX/BxWGFF6dAsuE/8hNBzzm5hxL/tP79Lqzh1TpZDvrWXCBABQja90Uw8fmXtw3rUHzGih/vEawhdc3Y/j3HUg4n2fw+WkCON4Xjt2keJjIwVliSE4o5KLru2Szr/M8SEHKkex5fXOkZmZGxwk/gLoUdiJlJ803FAkrALIORGiTV4/OQaxwyoRE0FxWm8htAxZxeN2cWw6gQyDPxBXrEr4p8AITcawnHT6kcU1qht25Ia4RbxG0LHnF00Zhc7KiN3CPwyNCz5ZSoGEHLmjS6uegAyMgKBUHDXEnQS1eBx7asdyELtSpCRgQcXIGRdvTievsrbWjVqmIeMDDy4ACH7KsPxee93iYxMKWRk4MEFCDnwRmPxuAeeb0p7iIyMFG4PPLgAIfsaX8UbVU6hwRV6uDnw4AKEXGgGx2c93mpCGZlKyMjAgwsQciJJM47fp72j7UYZGTPcGnhwAUJuGHyD43O0dwzlkJGBBxcg3EJvlMzItEjhxsCDCxBy6I3ecf2qNKKMjI7BLzh9CSCEawH50gSO57t+m0YZmdZNZGQkl66fufX4QkHe8z/aro4+vHHk4I4dJ688Hd5Z8PjMI4AQrgW0ihpwfMDx2v+MzOlHZ0tuhV/I23lvuO3p3StPTu7wpZNXRoefF4SXPJIAhHAtIKdu4/gg9VKHMjJGnxmZR2dKSDM37DBzvnXyyZW7d294fezgjdG253nhJdclACFcC3ijTm9UakEZGYvUl6+50zd1B4/ceDh6te2P53kFFx7fOnP2EsWY5HpJeN69ttHVaLzbdg/R+DVACNciVGXjeB3xQoMyMuU+MzJfD3ubuadXh+/tzCsIf1xy5vrp9SPGRyXhBc/bRq94ua0Hn9y9ei/vwq2zpwFCuBaBqYvyRs1opOH/2Tuz4CiuKwzfEeegudKANKARYtDikRASWksSGCGbTawGgxCbFgOxUEAolJCIC8yOA5h9jdkUFSFhSQATHBZjMHbsACG2wXG5ynGFByBgp2zKTmInlTwkL+nbLSEBWlJmphvU//fQM9MzD7qH89Gnz5nu2dbqLQ2nVmuyVJ88GjK5pLN2mNv4UAevjaO2Tg75+eEHbZQ911efnFCyEYmLtdiEnUQ12kPyNnVLw1Ota7NUO16V3D2m+esvmNq8jc8jcbEWm7CDaEdDR6b1+9uP+4Hm4NYA/imajSUhJ6vX99QlxJEQa7ELNUTTwjerWxq22pERYtRBrVA05/A0bNyLJRPCkLhYiz2YRrR7YHmbHRkhXtSqxRdGIWCQEASgGv1KdWT2tPEjE53jpFz/Q8QLEgL/V6PxH6qOzJo2PjZZO0k7NBXhgoT4B/U7+xZ+pDl4oo1fHAwL0Rz88TCECxJCQv/z5RVmb2146x/SR/QvPY1oQUJI6Hf0jkybP/upj+gnIFpIXEgYAAfHaofBj9v62c97R/QAEgI/Ust89dMjbXxIjeif3IpgIXEhYSCYzfwJnW/9MyaO6CEh1mI7RjJ/TJta/2IKRvRIXEgYQOYy/4HOtPoRjOiRuJAwgIT3YO5Fv2rtIxjRI3EhYSDZoqrRJ1qpRjGiR+JCwsCyh/lT+m3L72NEj8SFhIElOYevxNNPWnwfI3okLiQMMKf0arRDS29jRI/EhYSBpr+qRr/f0rsY0SNxIWGgGZHOV+PpZy28ixE9EhcSBpxnmD+khS1UoxjRI3EhYeCZqb6y9qPm38OIHokLCQPPQC9fpRaqUYzo7Zi4WUGe6FzjqcupyNSeXUgITegLCQPEZlWNDk1r5p2woxjR21DC7aETHdkRlfrzxNLS0sqYKCHy3EmOJPcYSBgY9qtq9HvNvIERvT0lTOmubRJS774+7YwU4qkK7dmxpyBhQOjHqhr95YNvYERvTwk7ulXVWdDp7o7eB7SNb7i2GR5k7LkUHBxcCQn9R626gGLorx/YjxG9TSXs48zTtkmxDa9L3du1beggbTMo1NgVpZ8pQkK/MZt5IS17YDdG9PaW8NW7EibFdFQSvq4k9OBIGAhGsvcjorfu2xuGET3K0fpUKMsW95ejOCf0L/rlvL3ev28vRvT2lfC+xkwX53z1oDdmKtCYCQThY5mHPlCNYkRvZwmNEUWkSF2gXi1I0XfmufMd+RhRBIQtzFo1+t69OzGit7WEIisoVA3rXaoiTfTsMnZeiA1NGCIgYQDYw16tGn3tnvNBjOhtLqHt1mItxuW8s5ruwogeiQsJzWQO85+J3m6yByN6JC4kNJUB6nLe+Fcad2BEj8SFhKYyIl1Vo4Mbd2BEj8SFhObyjF6Nnrv7elRPjOhtlri5C1L6iEG5kNAyyvVq9OWGl/qIfhzCYiMJL3iKPZEiqwISWsVAL+dQYzWKEb39JIzuJiIiRVUGJLSKzXo1+obxIgwjehtKqB0GNQkjPZDQKk6oapRWGw5iRG9HCcumKAm7JUBCi+jH3IPorOEgRvS2lDA/c0xE7qCMDyChRdTq1ehe/XkJRvS2lFBc9DidnosCElpEHXs/IVqink49KOVkRMR2EqZ1mXG569oNAhJaxHjm2UST9OcvSXk4DCGx35HQE9mOjuqPIeuYv6yvRkfFyThcwmtHCVOmQEILUZfz1hDt056GHZLyKCJiRwkLo98pDdaAhJYwnbmuvhotkfIgBoS2lNDpdLrdbqcbElrCNr0aXS6MrkxnBMSWEnapBxJaQXIP9tZXo0elPISujD0lxFqsZA7zCaIaga6MvRM3cXhx8fBESGgJA5i/ItqBroy9Jewa4ysq8sV0hYQWMCKH07VqdJoQndGVsbGE81xpQqS55kFCC1jDXE602+jK4HYWtpXQ41BbB66isIJyvRodja6MzSXMKFTbQlxPaAHqct5JRDvRlbG5hAW+7ZWVr/uyIaH5rGIeoKrRsMNSvoRw2FfCjgWhbrcn+xIkNJ+ZzH8jWomujN0lFOLy/KrL7WUtjxX9mMdq1ehxdGXsLmHiDLWdge+Oms9i5m1Ei8LQlbG7hBVZaou7rVlAnV6NHkFXxvYSxhgjihhIaDbqct6zROfRlbG9hB79F0DnY05oOuuY1xFtQlcGEnYqUNvu+MaM2YSPZa9WjZ5BVwYS5nnmRUXN8+A2+GYznXn/YKIv0JWBhKJqQWa061kBCU1mLnNtPN1GVwYSYi1WVaM92Ps7oq/RlbF94nZI0zalUam5kNBktjDPHEz/lLInujI2l9BVrP1Nvoxo9wpIaC4DmDfH0w10ZSBhbKEQH2QkitROkNBUknM4/RzdQlcGEuq3/i0qEMKBS5nMZQ1z/1m3JboykFD/vkzGIIGfRjOb/sz/ib+DrgwkFOI3qSLXXSpEYdk9u7OCPNENvZpLF4NCyyYK0c2puAQJ/cGIdM75PboykFDRxVPmKdYeu7ua7t0eOtGRHVFpvOidMiVybZ4mYUSpBo6EfmEV855l6MpAQh3Hc9s7aA+7qpruTOmubRJS9ecrYmYYO7vFoBz1GzOZ56ArAwlbpqO7r7YtMBqm3Q+k+mLfvKxJ6A7y9a6ChP5goJd7rJBSoisDCVugj1OrPkVSrP7imKf32hVBWrU6ZlBVbpGn/vttl4KDgysh4XdlMfPcr6X8ApGAhK1K+Koh4QFPohBDnMYNMDpEFxgfidK7NJDwO7Kfvb+Q8sYGRAIS/j/lqEv1TR3O+iNgcQWOhA/PeOa6a1J+I3BKCAmFSGt2b9PGzC6P9v/1abdxJAxLceGc8OGpZf6plHfeQiQgoUbMm45m9hojikiRukCIDb4iR25ssVaBFkZWudxrIeHDM5s/j5Py9vuIBCQUqvviTpn44KlJVlCoGta7VEXqOODxqe5odlBoxrE8AQkfmpHMN6W8tQyRgIQGua6ICFdeuz2/fRSZy+9KeYPeQyQgYQMbJs5zxuZDQrMI73HlMyn/1es1hAISNmFFDH6z3jS28HUp79AsRAIS3uVyt3nu2CRIaBZ79K4MvY1IQMLGc0KPK7d9rOWxIDnnr1LeovhXEApIqKO6o7uC28daHhNOvSvlk0SDEQlIaBCTPb+9nd8+6gz4TMpviM4hEpDQoGM7O7999BlxXcqlT1D8ywgFJDSYkqD/PYmZuAO3SXwbJ2UuqlFI2Ejv4cbjc0WQ0BxuSvmnM0RvIBKQsJ6g+q+OOnyQ0BQ6S3lt4yai1QgFJKyn4SLdZ3G3NVMYdk3Kf5wnOotQQMIGyvoaj0PKIKEZhEh5c/oRor0IBSRsoCBTv4fh5cwCSGgC4+Kk/HsHrRpdglhAwgZKfb780+/k+3ylkNAEqqW8vu440SSEAhI2ElnhdjrdFZECEgYe1ZX57/iVqEYh4X3M+OPaGe1lLY82w16Q8i91YhHRPgQDEmItVqC6Mrx4J6pRJC7WYhGqK/M59xtNtBzBQOJiLVagujJ8QuxGNYrExVqsYavqyvAqrRqtQTCQuFiLBehdGfYO3EG0A9FA4mItFhAi5VLmclFDNA3RQOJiLeajujL/Zl4zjWg3ooHExVosoFrKk+mcM2I50WhEA4mLtZjPVil7fss8QFWjOxEOJC7WYjqqKzO5nHnOPlSjSFysxRJUV0b9Om+yVo2uRDiQuFiL6aiuzPObmbeJSUTHEQ8kLtZiOqorI04wT19CtAg/DIrExVpMR3VlNvZjHhu+l+gI4oHExVrMRu/KqF/nXSfOEp1HQJC4WIvZqK7M06KOeeRqok2oRpG4/2Pv7GOqOu84/tzb85P74yJcrNfKRaG8KCBigigIIk6qIBX0FucsBCmmEgUmZJqKs25qrai9BV+6GanrWnxprLpsvtRuS2qmsyYNvszMbHPpsiVbXWKyNFn2z7J/9jznnHvv0a32YuFxdt/PH+eec8I/35PvL9/nPD+e80CLbsxZGREkOiQ+MIzzeCAwLrToxpyVEbuI+sXXDONHeCAwLrRoxpyVEb46opIdmcbTGI3CuNCiGWtWRjQTnRYfGcZFPBEYF1o0E8+8u1yIvUS9ajT6Jp4IjAsterFmZURuKgUq3pCj0SfwSGBcaNGLNSsjOtRy3g8NYxWeCIwLLXrZw1wckr9ziGqSvm4Y7+CRwLixUuj2TwhvG3r5l27vyqXy5FKWN2sminAI2LMyoqqICqreMYxvYzSKIoyVfd6lrulj26yLvCnfGLezTIiy5BxXTvIiFGHs2LMyooeoVC2g+BCPBEUYK1NS5CEr3zzfMtH+SP7s1fJwajaKMGbsWRkh1HJeBCGKcCiMSlajziWjzYuUI/kZaT+/IkSG2ll7gdseo8bFxbWhCB9MF/OA+q0IUFGuDMKf4ZGgCGNlhkeOPkVOmnlxyp+3c4s7QQjvXHk112v9yXiPAkX4IMKzMmI70UEEIYrwIYrwpFWER/yThJjnuSK876si9CMJY2R+uzUrI0QrUd9PEYQowocejiaojbRdntp7h6N4J/xC6u1ZGaGW875pGK9PxTNBEcaOc2LmgP81Ic4lX7EmZlZjYiZGQsXM3ebZJqJOGYQf4ZmgCIeA1aIYJ/I3CPFaxnLXrLTnVYui0lWJFkWsnGHeb50dosBdBCGKcKgUur2qWZ+gRqSuI/4MNTsqLqV5s+YJFGFMLGROX2yeBYnWIAhRhNCinePMJ6yzXUR3EIQwLrToJpH5aJN5ppbz/gNBCONCi2bUP402WKfNcjSKIIRxoUU39cyb7Q9Z7CX6p2F8gGcC40KLTtYV2/80KkejqRSYjCCEcaFFMwOR9oToI/oTghDGhRbNtDAXr7PP5xD9BkEI40KLXpKOMcfb57lFNJiJIIRxoUVvDSYyr2+yL3qIrhmv/wRPBcaFFo042hNClKrRKIIQxoUWrcRH2xOiqoCuZj6NIIRxoUUnjvaEuZz3mvEWHgqMCy06GbC/aWHSSnQLQQjjQotWnO0J9XGZGwhCGBdatJK0mbk+crVJjkYRhDAutGilgXn9/MjVYTkaRRDCuNCik6ajzImRqyDRDQQhjAstWolnPhbdBrSf6DqCEMaFFp2oT24vjL4f1snR6Md4KjAutGhkv7URmk010c3v4qHAuNCike7wJ7dNfHfkaBRBCONCi0bKdzvbEyI4SIOf4KnAuNCikWXM7dH2RO4aomsIQhgXWjTSlM28J3rZSXQDb4QwLrTo5ATz8ejVWaJBTI3CuNCik8XpnB5tT5QUEV1HEMK40KKTLuatkQvfaaKbG3+MpwLjQos+upmzo+2JfqKrkxGEMC60aES1J5ZFrvoCRLcQhDAutOhEtSfKwxcVdfKF0PgengqMCy36CDnbE74X5QuhgSCEcaFFJ1uZuyIXvUSDGxGEMC606GRhenhHUEl1gfrMIYIQxoUWnUR3BBWiao25+wSCEMaFFo3sYc4Of3JbHCSqyzQ2voHHAuNCizbmtzvaEzVEBdsQhDAutGilnnl3uD0RLKLAHcN4BkEI40KLPkLFzN32ee5hotLvGMazeCwwLrTo40x0R1C1fin1+whCGBdatOJsT3QQBZpfQBDCuMNBods/YZZ1OsajcAnxlHlyGUV4L472REUqUT+CEEU4LOzzLnVNH9tmF2FtY2PjVFmEY+VvI5LwXhKZj9rtCV8rUasPQYgiHBampMhDVr5dhJOsm09NxHD0P3DuCNovXwhLVsgg3AGfowi/LKOSZ8rjktF2EbqnXRijijDZnZG31v6Ty3FxcW0oQtWeCO8I2hwg6hAIQhThsDDDUyaPOWnmhevAk2UpHvmCuGju2lnL/bXWn4w3XxD/74vQsSOoWr/UKRCEKMLhLMKTadE7eXnW7xMTliAJHQxE2hO+UqJDuSoIX4HLUYTDPBw1OZllnzy/Gu+EURw7gm4nKgiKFZkIQhTh8OCcmDFZfsH6TZqSgCKMkHSMOd46VeuXagSCEEU4bFgtinEif4MQC87VvpTvmSdfA58btzYheSeKMFKDiczrrfaE+tz2HIEgRBEOI4Vur2rWJ8gRaeVK/8RvbZH3pru9006VCRRhGEd7Yi/RmiohtiEIUYTQopP4SHuihyhQjSCEcaFFM9H2hPrc9iaBIIRxoUUzA8wD1gvhYaIXfUK8nWlMfhUWh3GhRRfR9sQuotQKKwjfg8NhXGjRRdLm8I6gffKFsE8gCGFcaNFMA/N6c0dQtX5pl0AQwrjQopmmo8yJ6kR9bvt0LoIQxoUW3cQzHzPbE5uIikrUySoEIYwLLRpZnM5s7giq1i+dFQhCGBdadLOf+Yz6raoj2ivsIDwPe8O40KKLbuZic0fQOeb6JTsIX4a9YVxo0YTaEdRsT1jrlxCEMC60aCapgbldtSeCBUTbBYIQxoUW3TTZO4LmHiIqFQhCGBdatHOC+bj63UtUV4UghHGhRTuL0zldtSfOqs9tW7cuGsZFeBvGhRZddDFvFdH1S5KXEYQwLrRopJs5OySE77T63DaCEMaFFu2o9oTaEbTfXr+kgnCykYkghHGhRRfLmNvLhegzP7eNIIRxoUU7Ias9EVm/hCCEcaFFM1uZu6z1S4dz7VvnDWMVjA3jQosm7B1Be4mKgo4gfBvGhnGhRRNWe0J9brtHIAhhXGjRzx7m7CZRtYbooEAQwrjQop/57WZ74qD1uW0EIYwLLdqpZ95dLmqICqrDt15FEMK40KKPUDFztwgWEfUKBCGMCy2PgDNqR1D1ue1SH4IQxoWWR4DVnugkqquI3HvPMLbB1DAutGjiOPMJ0RFdv4QghHGhRS+JzEebSlKJ+gWCEMaFlkeAuSOorzW6fglBCONCi1bKzR1B1fqlkujNVxCEMC60aCDUsuxEV3s6M7c0O9YvSXY8Y2SugKVhXGgZufBbnFg/sDmbw+yvqCPqFAhCGBdadIZfmPT2rvim0vDnthGEMC606Ao/SfbmgfrEhepTv9HPbUeC8AUYGsaFlhENv63LukORv1Drl2oEghDGhRat4edArV+aIxCEMK42Ct3+CbOs0zEehUueXcryZs386hRhqKXh88Mvt6qqoiQYrK5u7uvrONtTU1PqXL9kBaGBIEQRjhz7vEtd08e22UVY29jYOFWIsuQcV07yoli1hBL18O7D8Nvf/fW2M/xu//lvf/jVZ1cVgwr6Lwze/YGDbQhCFOGIMiVFHrLy7SKcZN2cvVoeTs2OVUsLPw6ky+r79LN/yRoLDAYKCgIS+hyuG/eBIEQRjhyjktWoc8louwjd0y6MkScZC+RhgfurUoS3//jNT3/xl3szb3BQRuENxU2TaybXTW7dX4MIQhThCDLDUyaPOWnmhevAk2UpHvmC6J0rr+Z6rT+5HBcX1/ZALevitfDrHz4Mf/99b+/27TU9Zzs6+pqb736ieHZovPUx3IwiHOkiPJkWvZOXJ4vwfVWEfuvGeHO65jGemEkqd1z4fPKG8MGeKML/zeGoycms+4ajX5yEAKAIh2lixmT5BXtiZvXsx00LAI9lEVotinEif4PMvnO1L+V75qkWRaWrMvYWBQAowi9DodurmvUJckRaudI/8d/t3TFL42AYB/CcDg3UyUHO5YUSihRElzsQl0Ohk0KHgxN0isuRocMNNzse+AHuk+gs9JzyqaTRVuGGo6WXN7G/39KShMD75P2Xt4Hk+XEz3TgJ3ewkEUKE0FjAxBVCTFxjARNXCDFxjQWEUAgxcY0FhBBM3Gj6adGB1ilmj8i+A0UKrVS8mxBuFv3/9FMVmnPCsPKDw9K7wwKbiwYtU0KnWdezX2xak/9T1pwTZis/OFt6d7bA5ib978mSll7PtVY254Tlyg8ul95dLrC5SSEsk5ZeT3AHEFrs8eOjIgAAAAAA6+sh5F9VAeLZD586+bU6QDTHF0kyulcHqM3R4CC9m3556fI62U2S01N1gdrc/DmpQjjr8lqFcKguUKcqhLNmItVy9IuiQN0hnLfV2s/dmIEYIXzt8voQ8t9qApFC+LbLKxBnOQrECeHfXV6BetyOx+lwXMy7vAI1265e6Lc17/IKAAAAAAAAAAAAQPNdjvJub/BNISCSnd7h5Pzn0EO5EMv33u30o68SEMd1uqcIENOv9LMiQExnz2/RBixHYV25MQOR7RwcTs4/XGUqAbFc7m50e4NthQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFrmCT1nUii8pyp5AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)
  * ![scaling=No scaling, penalty=l2, loss=squared_hinge, scaling=1/n_samples, penalty=l2, loss=squared_hinge](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    print(__doc__)
    
    
    # Author: Andreas Mueller <amueller@ais.uni-bonn.de>
    #         Jaques Grobler <jaques.grobler@inria.fr>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    from sklearn.svm import LinearSVC
    from sklearn.model_selection import ShuffleSplit
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV
    from sklearn.utils import check_random_state
    from sklearn import datasets
    
    rnd = check_random_state(1)
    
    # set up dataset
    n_samples = 100
    n_features = 300
    
    # l1 data (only 5 informative features)
    X_1, y_1 = datasets.make_classification(n_samples=n_samples,
                                            n_features=n_features, n_informative=5,
                                            random_state=1)
    
    # l2 data: non sparse, but less features
    y_2 = np.sign(.5 - rnd.rand(n_samples))
    X_2 = rnd.randn(n_samples, n_features // 5) + y_2[:, np.newaxis]
    X_2 += 5 * rnd.randn(n_samples, n_features // 5)
    
    clf_sets = [(LinearSVC(penalty='l1', loss='squared_hinge', dual=False,
                           tol=1e-3),
                 np.logspace(-2.3, -1.3, 10), X_1, y_1),
                (LinearSVC(penalty='l2', loss='squared_hinge', dual=True),
                 np.logspace(-4.5, -2, 10), X_2, y_2)]
    
    colors = ['navy', 'cyan', 'darkorange']
    lw = 2
    
    for clf, cs, X, y in clf_sets:
        # set up the plot for each regressor
        fig, axes = plt.subplots(nrows=2, sharey=True, figsize=(9, 10))
    
        for k, train_size in enumerate(np.linspace(0.3, 0.7, 3)[::-1]):
            param_grid = dict(C=cs)
            # To get nice curve, we need a large number of iterations to
            # reduce the variance
            grid = GridSearchCV(clf, refit=False, param_grid=param_grid,
                                cv=ShuffleSplit(train_size=train_size,
                                                test_size=.3,
                                                n_splits=250, random_state=1))
            grid.fit(X, y)
            scores = grid.cv_results_['mean_test_score']
    
            scales = [(1, 'No scaling'),
                      ((n_samples * train_size), '1/n_samples'),
                      ]
    
            for ax, (scaler, name) in zip(axes, scales):
                ax.set_xlabel('C')
                ax.set_ylabel('CV Score')
                grid_cs = cs * float(scaler)  # scale the C's
                ax.semilogx(grid_cs, scores, label="fraction %.2f" %
                            train_size, color=colors[k], lw=lw)
                ax.set_title('scaling=%s, penalty=%s, loss=%s' %
                             (name, clf.penalty, clf.loss))
    
        plt.legend(loc="best")
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 35.680 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_svm_scale_c.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_svm_scale_c.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/svm/plot_svm_scale_c.html

