# torch.fft.irfft2

`torch.fft.irfft2(input, s=None, dim=(-2, -1), norm=None, *, out=None) →
Tensor`

    
Computes the inverse of `rfft2()`. Equivalent to `irfftn()` but IFFTs only the
last two dimensions by default.

`input` is interpreted as a one-sided Hermitian signal in the Fourier domain,
as produced by `rfft2()`. By the Hermitian property, the output will be real-
valued.

Note

Some input frequencies must be real-valued to satisfy the Hermitian property.
In these cases the imaginary component will be ignored. For example, any
imaginary component in the zero-frequency term cannot be represented in a real
output and so will always be ignored.

Note

The correct interpretation of the Hermitian input depends on the length of the
original data, as given by `s`. This is because each input shape could
correspond to either an odd or even length signal. By default, the signal is
assumed to be even length and odd signals will not round-trip properly. So, it
is recommended to always pass the signal shape `s`.

Note

Supports torch.half and torch.chalf on CUDA with GPU Architecture SM53 or
greater. However it only supports powers of 2 signal length in every
transformed dimensions. With default arguments, the size of last dimension
should be (2^n + 1) as argument `s` defaults to even output size = 2 *
(last_dim_size - 1)

Parameters

    
  * input (Tensor) – the input tensor
  * s (Tuple[int], optional) – Signal size in the transformed dimensions. If given, each dimension `dim[i]` will either be zero-padded or trimmed to the length `s[i]` before computing the real FFT. If a length `-1` is specified, no padding is done in that dimension. Defaults to even output in the last dimension: `s[-1] = 2*(input.size(dim[-1]) - 1)`.
  * dim (Tuple[int], optional) – Dimensions to be transformed. The last dimension must be the half-Hermitian compressed dimension. Default: last two dimensions.
  * norm (str, optional) – 
Normalization mode. For the backward transform (`irfft2()`), these correspond
to:

    * `"forward"` \- no normalization
    * `"backward"` \- normalize by `1/n`
    * `"ortho"` \- normalize by `1/sqrt(n)` (making the real IFFT orthonormal)
Where `n = prod(s)` is the logical IFFT size. Calling the forward transform
(`rfft2()`) with the same normalization mode will apply an overall
normalization of `1/n` between the two transforms. This is required to make
`irfft2()` the exact inverse.

Default is `"backward"` (normalize by `1/n`).

Keyword Arguments

    
out (Tensor, optional) – the output tensor.

#### Example

    
    >>> t = torch.rand(10, 9)
    >>> T = torch.fft.rfft2(t)
    
Without specifying the output length to `irfft2()`, the output will not round-
trip properly because the input is odd-length in the last dimension:

    
    >>> torch.fft.irfft2(T).size()
    torch.Size([10, 8])
    
So, it is recommended to always pass the signal shape `s`.

    
    >>> roundtrip = torch.fft.irfft2(T, t.size())
    >>> roundtrip.size()
    torch.Size([10, 9])
    >>> torch.testing.assert_close(roundtrip, t, check_stride=False)
    
© 2024, PyTorch Contributors  
PyTorch has a BSD-style license, as found in the LICENSE file.  
https://pytorch.org/docs/2.1/generated/torch.fft.irfft2.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

