# torch.jit.script

`torch.jit.script(obj, optimize=None, _frames_up=0, _rcb=None,
example_inputs=None)` [source]

    
Scripting a function or `nn.Module` will inspect the source code, compile it
as TorchScript code using the TorchScript compiler, and return a
`ScriptModule` or `ScriptFunction`. TorchScript itself is a subset of the
Python language, so not all features in Python work, but we provide enough
functionality to compute on tensors and do control-dependent operations. For a
complete guide, see the TorchScript Language Reference.

Scripting a dictionary or list copies the data inside it into a TorchScript
instance than can be subsequently passed by reference between Python and
TorchScript with zero copy overhead.

`torch.jit.script can be used as a function for modules, functions,
dictionaries and lists`

    
and as a decorator `@torch.jit.script` for TorchScript Classes and functions.

Parameters

    
  * obj (Callable, class, or nn.Module) – The `nn.Module`, function, class type, dictionary, or list to compile.
  * example_inputs (Union[List[Tuple], Dict[Callable, List[Tuple]], None]) – Provide example inputs to annotate the arguments for a function or `nn.Module`.

Returns

    
If `obj` is `nn.Module`, `script` returns a `ScriptModule` object. The
returned `ScriptModule` will have the same set of sub-modules and parameters
as the original `nn.Module`. If `obj` is a standalone function, a
`ScriptFunction` will be returned. If `obj` is a `dict`, then `script` returns
an instance of `torch._C.ScriptDict`. If `obj` is a `list`, then `script`
returns an instance of `torch._C.ScriptList`.

Scripting a function

    
The `@torch.jit.script` decorator will construct a `ScriptFunction` by
compiling the body of the function.

Example (scripting a function):

    
    import torch
    
    @torch.jit.script
    def foo(x, y):
        if x.max() > y.max():
            r = x
        else:
            r = y
        return r
    
    print(type(foo))  # torch.jit.ScriptFunction
    
    # See the compiled graph as Python code
    print(foo.code)
    
    # Call the function using the TorchScript interpreter
    foo(torch.ones(2, 2), torch.ones(2, 2))
    
**Scripting a function using example_inputs

    
Example inputs can be used to annotate a function arguments.

Example (annotating a function before scripting):

    
    import torch
    
    def test_sum(a, b):
        return a + b
    
    # Annotate the arguments to be int
    scripted_fn = torch.jit.script(test_sum, example_inputs=[(3, 4)])
    
    print(type(scripted_fn))  # torch.jit.ScriptFunction
    
    # See the compiled graph as Python code
    print(scripted_fn.code)
    
    # Call the function using the TorchScript interpreter
    scripted_fn(20, 100)
    
Scripting an nn.Module

    
Scripting an `nn.Module` by default will compile the `forward` method and
recursively compile any methods, submodules, and functions called by
`forward`. If a `nn.Module` only uses features supported in TorchScript, no
changes to the original module code should be necessary. `script` will
construct `ScriptModule` that has copies of the attributes, parameters, and
methods of the original module.

Example (scripting a simple module with a Parameter):

    
    import torch
    
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self, N, M):
            super().__init__()
            # This parameter will be copied to the new ScriptModule
            self.weight = torch.nn.Parameter(torch.rand(N, M))
    
            # When this submodule is used, it will be compiled
            self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(N, M)
    
        def forward(self, input):
            output = self.weight.mv(input)
    
            # This calls the `forward` method of the `nn.Linear` module, which will
            # cause the `self.linear` submodule to be compiled to a `ScriptModule` here
            output = self.linear(output)
            return output
    
    scripted_module = torch.jit.script(MyModule(2, 3))
    
Example (scripting a module with traced submodules):

    
    import torch
    import torch.nn as nn
    import torch.nn.functional as F
    
    class MyModule(nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            # torch.jit.trace produces a ScriptModule's conv1 and conv2
            self.conv1 = torch.jit.trace(nn.Conv2d(1, 20, 5), torch.rand(1, 1, 16, 16))
            self.conv2 = torch.jit.trace(nn.Conv2d(20, 20, 5), torch.rand(1, 20, 16, 16))
    
        def forward(self, input):
            input = F.relu(self.conv1(input))
            input = F.relu(self.conv2(input))
            return input
    
    scripted_module = torch.jit.script(MyModule())
    
To compile a method other than `forward` (and recursively compile anything it
calls), add the `@torch.jit.export` decorator to the method. To opt out of
compilation use `@torch.jit.ignore` or `@torch.jit.unused`.

Example (an exported and ignored method in a module):

    
    import torch
    import torch.nn as nn
    
    class MyModule(nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
    
        @torch.jit.export
        def some_entry_point(self, input):
            return input + 10
    
        @torch.jit.ignore
        def python_only_fn(self, input):
            # This function won't be compiled, so any
            # Python APIs can be used
            import pdb
            pdb.set_trace()
    
        def forward(self, input):
            if self.training:
                self.python_only_fn(input)
            return input * 99
    
    scripted_module = torch.jit.script(MyModule())
    print(scripted_module.some_entry_point(torch.randn(2, 2)))
    print(scripted_module(torch.randn(2, 2)))
    
Example ( Annotating forward of nn.Module using example_inputs):

    
    import torch
    import torch.nn as nn
    from typing import NamedTuple
    
    class MyModule(NamedTuple):
    result: List[int]
    
    class TestNNModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def forward(self, a) -> MyModule:
            result = MyModule(result=a)
            return result
    
    pdt_model = TestNNModule()
    
    # Runs the pdt_model in eager model with the inputs provided and annotates the arguments of forward
    scripted_model = torch.jit.script(pdt_model, example_inputs={pdt_model: [([10, 20, ], ), ], })
    
    # Run the scripted_model with actual inputs
    print(scripted_model([20]))
    
© 2024, PyTorch Contributors  
PyTorch has a BSD-style license, as found in the LICENSE file.  
https://pytorch.org/docs/2.1/generated/torch.jit.script.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

