# torch.istft

`torch.istft(input, n_fft, hop_length=None, win_length=None, window=None,
center=True, normalized=False, onesided=None, length=None,
return_complex=False) → Tensor:`

    
Inverse short time Fourier Transform. This is expected to be the inverse of
`stft()`.

It has the same parameters (+ additional optional parameter of `length`) and
it should return the least squares estimation of the original signal. The
algorithm will check using the NOLA condition ( nonzero overlap).

Important consideration in the parameters `window` and `center` so that the
envelop created by the summation of all the windows is never zero at certain
point in time. Specifically,
∑t=−∞∞∣w∣2[n−t×hop_length]=0\sum_{t=-\infty}^{\infty} |w|^2[n-t\times
hop\\_length] \cancel{=} 0.

Since `stft()` discards elements at the end of the signal if they do not fit
in a frame, `istft` may return a shorter signal than the original signal (can
occur if `center` is False since the signal isn’t padded). If `length` is
given in the arguments and is longer than expected, `istft` will pad zeros to
the end of the returned signal.

If `center` is `True`, then there will be padding e.g. `'constant'`,
`'reflect'`, etc. Left padding can be trimmed off exactly because they can be
calculated but right padding cannot be calculated without additional
information.

Example: Suppose the last window is: `[17, 18, 0, 0, 0]` vs `[18, 0, 0, 0, 0]`

The `n_fft`, `hop_length`, `win_length` are all the same which prevents the
calculation of right padding. These additional values could be zeros or a
reflection of the signal so providing `length` could be useful. If `length` is
`None` then padding will be aggressively removed (some loss of signal).

[1] D. W. Griffin and J. S. Lim, “Signal estimation from modified short-time
Fourier transform,” IEEE Trans. ASSP, vol.32, no.2, pp.236-243, Apr. 1984.

Parameters

    
  * input (Tensor) – 
The input tensor. Expected to be in the format of `stft()`, output. That is a
complex tensor of shape `(B?, N, T)` where

    * `B?` is an optional batch dimension
    * `N` is the number of frequency samples, `(n_fft // 2) + 1` for onesided input, or otherwise `n_fft`.
    * `T` is the number of frames, `1 + length // hop_length` for centered stft, or `1 + (length - n_fft) // hop_length` otherwise.
Changed in version 2.0: Real datatype inputs are no longer supported. Input
must now have a complex datatype, as returned by `stft(...,
return_complex=True)`.

  * n_fft (int) – Size of Fourier transform
  * hop_length (Optional[int]) – The distance between neighboring sliding window frames. (Default: `n_fft // 4`)
  * win_length (Optional[int]) – The size of window frame and STFT filter. (Default: `n_fft`)
  * window (Optional[torch.Tensor]) – The optional window function. Shape must be 1d and `<= n_fft` (Default: `torch.ones(win_length)`)
  * center (bool) – Whether `input` was padded on both sides so that the tt-th frame is centered at time t×hop_lengtht \times \text{hop\\_length}. (Default: `True`)
  * normalized (bool) – Whether the STFT was normalized. (Default: `False`)
  * onesided (Optional[bool]) – Whether the STFT was onesided. (Default: `True` if `n_fft != fft_size` in the input size)
  * length (Optional[int]) – The amount to trim the signal by (i.e. the original signal length). Defaults to `(T - 1) * hop_length` for centered stft, or `n_fft + (T - 1) * hop_length` otherwise, where `T` is the number of input frames.
  * return_complex (Optional[bool]) – Whether the output should be complex, or if the input should be assumed to derive from a real signal and window. Note that this is incompatible with `onesided=True`. (Default: `False`)

Returns

    
`Least squares estimation of the original signal of shape (B?, length) where`

    
`B?` is an optional batch dimension from the input tensor.

Return type

    
Tensor

© 2024, PyTorch Contributors  
PyTorch has a BSD-style license, as found in the LICENSE file.  
https://pytorch.org/docs/2.1/generated/torch.istft.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

