# Feature discretization

A demonstration of feature discretization on synthetic classification
datasets. Feature discretization decomposes each feature into a set of bins,
here equally distributed in width. The discrete values are then one-hot
encoded, and given to a linear classifier. This preprocessing enables a non-
linear behavior even though the classifier is linear.

On this example, the first two rows represent linearly non-separable datasets
(moons and concentric circles) while the third is approximately linearly
separable. On the two linearly non-separable datasets, feature discretization
largely increases the performance of linear classifiers. On the linearly
separable dataset, feature discretization decreases the performance of linear
classifiers. Two non-linear classifiers are also shown for comparison.

This example should be taken with a grain of salt, as the intuition conveyed
does not necessarily carry over to real datasets. Particularly in high-
dimensional spaces, data can more easily be separated linearly. Moreover,
using feature discretization and one-hot encoding increases the number of
features, which easily lead to overfitting when the number of samples is
small.

The plots show training points in solid colors and testing points semi-
transparent. The lower right shows the classification accuracy on the test
set.

![Input data, LogisticRegression, LinearSVC, KBinsDiscretizer
LogisticRegression, KBinsDiscretizer LinearSVC, GradientBoostingClassifier,
SVC](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAACDQAAAOECAMAAABjRwN0AAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX///9kmEu+QIjAQYriibnK6KSSw2Pv9+T1yeP77fQAAADx8fFlmkv4+Pfwudrn9dL84vC84JJjl0rdebCzAGX51+vb77/77PSezG3mmMIXgAD0x+Phh7iUxWSKvV754u7v9OLH557p8t/vsdX55/CHv1HL6abVga7DQoy8P4jg69rVY6Hu3+ZonExekEYFAgP+/P1OjSznvdbh6df0+uzNUJcMBQk0TyZeqUFAUzeJuF0ECQJbPE2+25q2PYJImic1iR1tr1vPX54tKyp0smbFNYYiHiAoRhqyO38QEA4OTgAFEgLRZqIYAw6iop8JMgBVWlIZFhf++ftJACkVeQCAf35EYzUGHgFfYF1xqmASZAFKVkNmAjpYAjI1MzP38/Tx+Oi3GXM+PTy/wb0QWQEvBBxXMEXKYpccPBEkAhV4eHU8AiI+Wi5LSEdKiSkTbwBwcG0HKAB8A0YMRAD7/fpwAkBVIT6Mi4kkKx2bmphJbDgKOgC1r7JeSlWdAFiTkpCuAGKGBE3HyMORAVLq6upMEzPe3t5ST0+nAF6rp6nOycuGh4K4urRqOFNpZWaCR2cXJRD43uxNdz1iMEv3+/JTgEPl9NDk5OQtcBmSMmewz4plVF0lOxvU1NTxxN6ss6R5N1p1JlKFK12jY4bP1sZxsGNHPj8kVBSBr1fr1+GVRG1mH0d3n1BtnlujOXUnYxVYikf51Onu8eFaaUnirc4+eic7IC5ulE7UcqjZ4NC33oosghQzPyfw8O+rjZ9nq1Jmh0fKSpLFt76kvYQ+SDVXczqReIfPWJtpeVXHori5mqzets5mbGLTrMOegpKQV3aSF1x8tkh5ZHBwWWbE4Z92iF+FbXvAWZE3Yya0VIhcgUA9kCSNonKhTHW7XHxXoDvZytKYsHv05e3AdZ7h09qPwGGClmmzbZO20ZPZ7b27K3zpnsrMfKdfkFFElyN0RF7bhLNjnFWrSYDa6MaoF2mjKm7ZkLjqzN7P4LeVwGeYpIi4xqXz1ua/kazE06+bxmyuAWCKAAAgAElEQVR42uxdvY6rOhel3qM8C6lopkSy5CaCAomKSNAhIVFEiiJFihRFoPyINhXtvEXe7bO3bTCB+cvJufe7M3sV58wZwAbv5bWXjc1xHAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKB8NMA6Z+XkUH0ldNiqORfO9+D3VPqJfx1RJA9TpKvXJbC0+7SYlkF8Z+XuoDFV05TT7CKmAvbp9RL+BSMfT0+XxKlr1H5EDOA21PqJRD+Y04B/j3TcIQkj/ZkGp4cUIXFs93hQ6YBJf2Ty4xY/xTTsIY0j1oyDQ8TmM0Ud2D1/2saCoijaEamgfC7TUNb/XlxXzQN13aFvfT6rHoJfUAjxOnvmIZvBsuYho8uM2JdtX/DNKza6z9mGtQTpFwmvafU+0td7/m7puHW3v4x04BUnkHhPKteAuE/axqegS+aBud5Q0vCtwP6J6bhmzCm4Qli/aBpeAq+NaL8yjMT3mcn5/zwTdPwFHyHLjSPRKAcY3KJEN1j4vFADZNuue/xtwv+uE5DN6z3+tRrHFpCeilCl9WZMQ2n0uevrEQXPlsn3GOFLCMTZ4VJpPtnpKbRTQ5b7cR5yW6uemRbh0L9q4a9cr85UJgeCuh09Baq3aPO4JkJ3m3KYRAHg1PB+dveej1xi3wR0wAnM06BKLg4WlETbOAuy2+SDYhYXZaZNyfilG3MPF2L+h0zHnK+S8wRcdWhCV1/Y7vSRlTtRzNnxFX7Lq0soORd/LjxX8NGDQyvJXN5jbd/jWTDBK1j887g+CZoLB9TmQa7bqsJtrKEdKddcKwfR6eV5dkXj3PUhnpfcHFPp0BU75crIuskgcMdlJZpOKai0c8zxdRlzlx2HpkGFZ/h4X0tNKlBbth61BFdYyn1yS8PxjQsaubxVElbrz+WikkqM81rbSYtPgn+LRKP2awgEH66aQhegzwFX/bSikFaNiFI1d67b00eeC7mIPCZX5aXfnjH4zxmsTENTRiUpSjjRfwcgF+KY0IGLvKsJg21nGcRkzPput5VAX5T+qi0FaQ8KZvTlbt1XtZeS2F6JKDvRO8UARPtnt2bhgKKPBjEQWPvuUFeuEVvGhJRcB6EUhE3rjjY+GkfNcUGUczNqSLORVVbdVmFr01yD4S6+r6gAoNAkseHMop2xjQEwMpSHRE08/2y4fYwv2BBXor6V/dcHdzlhGkIeCyvwxzCoShjjlQ+ekWT1653snjXXx82eRxGJinZdfdNsJFnNUmiTcMWn3mn670lIEpk2NIZFO5bGV9Pr55ossJ9IbJOm4YVc9vONOSyeX1IZYxZmLJGMDp6xzTYhxeuaOUawupOjwzRjbH2pT7VXmZMg5cIZoaQSy/Q60+vYkjlXQm+5LWq1+ZTBIXgZGOzgkD46aaBtyjdRxTBI/YrT/j1G473q9BXV8WiQ5vR6AUYGvqrMQ0VHtnId5M3SPAf4uoaTvon3T/16wldbynOm8ewleKNfdbZARr15YzC9J2AYm5efBQ99XrizjTAxbmLg4aPP++gMw0t1DgnIEZurYt0kaE3UcsgvWGBpTO1EDLG3+NEsKhl79wthFxAshQhT1CNAZq5rMO35oXxzxwfbcDVwV1OmAYm1zekssIV82S11zAUxDpg6j55hdM/gcYGEvkg86tJSlbdVhMk7sHQWhFaPbOpdy1n2wpJ/QzQvzmlatvbnMg6bRqcI7YumoY9sAMOKc74m0KGjPPVtGmwDrcualKGJVl61BFdI0CKOS83w0MM8ix1r7b+WCqmqKznkbDeAZ8iQP9ps4JA+OmmIVLKX0plVIZ8C/0sW4k9C1y7NxR9hhmsaeCiwJc+XdTQDuTcNg1zHmKvvMkqKwhnyjRsKEDfDygi/Sh6k6ZBZUE7DnqiQZ0+Z5ZpCPoC110611EzYU7CKdMQQd0nyxNE96bhTSX9C14A3os6cD8oP6Bm21wd3uWEadgokd/JBlHWYGcZo+J11T9BZ5a6OQd7TQPWbTVB4nWL4Uam4eCqoWYrq8zA1212IZp+aBocNHdoGhoVuFa+vxK/qVRc23dMQ3/YNHJtcUfqkSF6F8xwORQlhaMssNcfS8XGpmHAp0i9WrFZQSD8dNOw7SRvAwWOWhvsCPuAuTIdSVcNvl1GCLOhaVjtUi5P9bHX+lG2VB2RN8frtGloccpcwPNl5YVKQ9wNNvRu4sGAfhC9SdNw1uLcx8HRWhjpmBnTME8gXe8x5kmv3yZqoatK8OEwNg1qIkGIde578naae9PA1YvslcvlVYmuud+IsDwnSK3ijqvDu5wwDW33yDkEeINqFmBbhNgw1/4JdE0yew1Mg1W31QRrCMvtYdo0XCBR72TkNRk+rbBKrhcvaMfQR6ZhLyOPpiHR5GAgkjDj2niKGGO7VkPTYB1OIMczUun8bD3SRNfY9ubPzDQ0ipnngf70KjY2DQM+RTjtNWAFgfDTTUPWSd7ZrFyT/9iCV5eyE45367vcGZqGGlgs+iyX/XkWMQAvlv3nkgp5TrIp07DvqmLW0uQ2EH2d0WKihwL6afTuF0KqaQUrDqYcFYDcWghZipjycim1/KU3DSpqbldENTINmZo0dm4MkiaKSrNIsU+5bmiMaH+VNQRcJeA3gloTXLXvcsI0VN0jN90NRtJs8CCXDmf0SYcrJEPTMKi7bwJnkYii3k5TpmHRVZVas3D7QqQl/0hcfdc04CsnNA0MVKpOLDZh3M2S2sFCyP4wA2vZra1Hw40wCz0x0NOFQ1pKAxAN9MdSsZFpGPCpW4jbs4JA+D2mYWdNbDu+Wo/YTJiG+5mGE7zJ4eLc0xnjunjTFyyz0nttJ2carElDS7xXp3VIH1B5KKCfRs8kMVtLB3F4b6YBY7RJZJQGMw0qapxbFw9NQ8vVCggxDouURYk/nmkYmYajquQ6wdVPZhp601BaryVWPEQXU4xNw2imYVB33wTSQVwakNsER6Zha+Uk+9XdbB/xR3aw/hrTULlsNjHTYLmCAcPGpiGxXksM9GhoGkYzDaU6fNSxsvTHqNjINNh8su/NsIJA+D2m4WT1KOcVx11zf8I03K9pOKp0te9Hq6rP6161njANQrxXU6bBMWuZCN8N6KfRa1UzV2Bp6SAOelw8WtOgE590B2XvTEzUitEbZ3PZgblaURt1znlsGvSahqzX54FpOCuqHUdc/XRNQ2XRM7emE5BcL+HExyPv1zQM6u6bwNR1nFrTYM1W3H3DxB7jEu5Ng1wsY69pUCT9hmmwM/lAj4amYbSmoVBmo+ljZekPqtjINNh8uvuaSQw0n0T4VaZBiKBaCdQKv+zzKx6eMA33uyf22M0Oieykh70SZffFyWZKDXbTuycaPHxte/E+HVSXDyhMjwT03eiFTI+y5ThoVgy01I5Dlzzvdk+oDx9e5ZuEwe6JWItsimxYysgnr7MuxrOk02v1MuHE8RLzRmFi98TETINMtXIz6T1XP9s90ZuGFfPUIrn9Uo4+RZJYxTBhGjaQyATS7Z6w67aa4LJSVukyvXsiwsNV1ZuG7KYmW3Ii6/um4cY573dPzGu1e+LrpqF1GYZolg316P47XWozT797okEaXVycMe30x1Kxyd0THZ+6e7NYQSD8tBwTKywnTMOVybe4sS+Xz8mNx2Xi1VP/A4H6ToNvvtMwTyHN4zCVyekEakd+KRNXXeZvwG5TpmFVQyjKSHEBkhbvUn1c4HVPYXrENLwbvQDq6CzXkkFYNgzD1GmpHQeF+eg7DVtQe9nXmFnltvQktVLuGvA7BLiLMYc0OuvvNKzNIsvKuXKo89oN8BLhOfPz9HcaRqZhyeQmex6MufrZdxp60/A/9u7gRV3njQP4nCf6W/TkpePAwFzEOQieDJxbIHgIQhACCcWSrp289l/0v/1mRi3brd2+n8uP2vfrsLS7ljU+zvM42kg6SRMdWNxc/LjSqzsymTy6TUU/TwMf52mYrnvSBELWWRbTeP6oaJjF5nR6FJsjzrFoqL000+9U4FrIH4oGHS30+zwNrxcNxHecNMtqwe77oy9Fg9vP0xCIcZ6GzlmYSUYCex7r2v9MerHvRcNdPI3vbRIVAJ+WYwaXB0UDmR1iz+Npbq/3Yp6ou8e3LbJzAN5mhLwc+YKvlmYnvtgZ9xIzStcE3BNs9XieBv36Z6EXPEyOWUszAx+P8P2Jfxw6erb1doG0F22RDXeGzTTpS2/bYfR1RsjTymzTdDi8qm8zQg7Ll2aSSJaZwf3lUTrjjJDh5NK0rpZenA9P2TDn2YyQX4sGcoqkxzbrB7H624yQt6LBfnfD47Wvk9J6wzwZVY/vbeUnYsGj64yQk3VPmiA3UwjGmxl5VDSQ+TbRu8Z5u7sVDW1kJpbMUDP8WDTMOb3OCLm4zgj5etFAusjMu3lU9/3RtxnBzZSdYjIjZJkIkRT9iOm1/5n0Yg+Khmk8je9tEhUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAC/z6V7/3MVeG1JNpqX+taL+w4UrvYQj4qwzvyiqXlrDofgvS6Ol3r+lAADgk4uGExMlCWlblk3s6N/n5e5JKszKsj1wZ6N/mZWzl9bgReQ/LI2Wev+WAgCADy4aKi71EXFIdzbbrZ4vXFGTA8k8pe3Pr7r8lgpfXhwt9fYtBQAAn1s07CWvyJgKdzQcBt1D2gVCRhf9xyYWHo+uqZCcnGQYRq8C6cizGbf3Y89jOSEJU4kXkFnGHZnpHGeG8mlil65oTy+tzsJLlF3rvhYSLfVJLQUAAB9bNGwFO5E+Fa7nVbDorqmQhWqz0BmwpEGr/EkqJPFi3adCxn3VZMosXTftRqfRRPCtUstYbtRWnPWTvbQsO7v0vNQKwcxa66JIHfs8vlIFWuqTWgoAAD62aKCiPy1vL++jwqSlIRWavHf0CNnQS7/wNRUG+ljbJLcd3Q7/ccah9cRex3ewVw02ZnC+H3QfL+/TObIiS1Hrhy6LzVpC4qKlPqqlAADgY4uGmkZunwrVfl/UTnEbdNd/zW3SS5vTw1RIuNzsXbtYOaZCYX+ytTYzp/3vUqGbir35pTH/XtHlsBa01Ce1FAAAfGzRsA9p4JLxTL3L5DUV7uz/K0KK84Ky5tGgexVJKrKZPl4+jamQmZ98OCkffUmFR6ftD9p7p2EtaKlPaikAAPjcokGno2A9pj57aPw1FRIyV6k+Qr5d3ne+DaN3B+c4PX62qTBme6u6T4VhP61BS7f9v+fvVTSgpQAA4K8XDX0uHI+fF/MHqVBnPLq9/yLhbRKiOJ6eqbep8OBV4xpEcE2FufnCgTYTx/G/71U0oKUAAOCvFw3koHOhnbKoqGn2bdA9jHxVJE53P2WRSW5dsm1VaM7H62zaqG04psJlzDeqzQN9VJ3IYt9/J6B0EvOtgNK8ql66CY9vVzSgpQAA4K8XDToX1iv7lYDYd7+lwiKVjp01+dvkyLuIeYJtXWJnH9BPHlMhmYXMESzTL9El3jD7gD+ZfSAV+iWb9ysa0FIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA8P8xfMfpZ4ev932r+qnURl1YfXQ7JMn3DxvxuyUopQt2mP/7G+DRx8XUlyj5UWu+R5ccSGe+Zd8/OdM/VSAdkeRLxBRi6k/EVBdxz+PH54ET0p82bBlextBxePRrrzwunjxdYnaIhX6l/WRerR+jbZ8Iur1NtPWmypo7Ms52TjC0glf322bhxZsLioZXigYv+rloaN49SH5ph677/mGru+UTbmeiOf77G9hXHxdT8/LlL73ntG6Uf4wJiaVr/7Iytw4KaZKrNpQZYgox9RdiKnfYVqlt8jxB26Lh6Ybd9E80oaO2kv9WGA2Ld0/v0lVxsSqUn9LL70WDfVMxb8vTrJy9dbAV9NyoJpOkXlyGUCqGbdMeeI2iAUXD6+3w/MPaOWTW3PnpsHC9Rkw9tiS8P9Zxh/1TP5Kxaeo+Y85axBRi6g/EVEnrfms3p/FTPCwafqsC+imtcvrbZ9z8Ugi4TPT1RLv8vWiwnGc17vyNgi3h6z5y2uFe67Fck9JJ7WeYFygazM4YeVXq8Wxubxx34IvYdGH9WKmJUTtv2jiCdQqECEpTNOwD7vGgGu8S55O2lgt+3L13p1SehZfYuCjjhQxzs6vY4bvczDa3un5Y2zzuVv8xLsa9NLA31zN/q+0OZpqyNU9W1M+kPsxR5sVN4+6O3JHm0d5Ob3caBveqSDps49rtsOFeXL51W463NA6EjGzFfm2ZW6SEdF8LSbxgfPLFjgT2uysTy7fftxBTiKmXpc7p+jjyulTE0061ZQ7f3E5PzDK9vTPzaWjmM48V5pMbagidvhS9BV9XiwUzR3vuwc6ceVs8uY+OnDvMN8HY0MNkC1TTRn4YbX0gD/cB0RthETf2mW0k6RtVDSweiyZuH9nzW9Ntg6JBx6fuVVRobt9SUZ40TeyU06Kh9NKyHEaw5kxs24ybXbcJC9Ukckd2B7otyx3JD4XyGVu/c6eknLgpUqpjvfOYfsTHDr6hWavy7PphbfNE9Fi0h+31ZnrCNbfbzdqG6WYhK3pscy5tBy+Dorj4tC6K1NF7VCpzVYQNWYq4Uc2x6/uBnZR5m5lDIb0d0qJg4vIBHTwL1WZherlby9wiJaR8pQpydsLOHTpLx/RJgXchJxp8xNExYgox9RLXm1xcEDn8oNrJx1JOUjQxH4uGZSw3aivOpmjgcdMmTkVOGS3KcqZDZ71e7hmf3wWf4H4bmJt8HZxQtdvwtnhyFx25DimfcR2MR9rdFw23d/Mw2nYlDcqyLxr0223ayGwun8pj27jvE2xHmpXrYVzHNIA5reV6MaqFu6LBxBRJmQkdOTe3fTtPi4bp6Yl+pO84np5wl972bnR1XdHinTulWM7MqBw3XczOPBo7+EzcDyWb5lHDbfKI3UtPIc3NCKO5fc7JW5HLIrAjjraDN73BUtR2yE9Hn8j65/2PvfN5TWTL4rjMa+ie68vOXQs2ZBGGNK8yGajNa3ojFF2LiEUQXCQGFDvE4CDBjATEGCMajeOjV65c9BMCYaCZRZOds+zNWwhv8f6BfpBNQ/eut1P33vql0firtO4tz3cV4o94v5576lPnnntTN9zCeSBFPgSeqRUU3MKP1lyQ4LEfTdHqjCVSItTCShAh8eYcz9QEfloXXxFKegMb59AAMQUxNZHKlGi2snjVKWouAdNhxWhq1qHhmjhSw0sQCAdYGVcF9OUJcscfbPcH38/4VjmtklNav/7pTyfQoEcHWcXxVAT1JWlLfcBYnqCfZni0eWirKQ7nYAw7n1a21Fdy1pBbVv0T4tderXU2ixm9zPkdzAKgAcdGStT7i1XK3RoBDWGS5xI4oL0pSVBDs2nkvHJTwrGa4zgpHdAVz5yaY5UqHb+W4EMonC8PJPgU0itWdJamyAvK6pzPxmKeBk3PEknw58S1Gn4ohQ48N/I1YdmuHDxrG1MuFqTT8Ez9HvB7rXHtpVFKJqxZtjhjiZSIdi+zlYhUZRTDcSipLpxjk10CDRBTEFNTQUOQDCOKvH1J9UBLzTo0YKbMZr14PPRlStPSCFmvl2pBpdIXfGmPRhkR1Gx4H0CDHh1tGiHxYdBgmjw82kxoqKAc/nxn6h8O8XcfWc+FFSSV8TDXPHkM7gANg9Ag6nxQoYtYKdQdAQ035LdtPHWr4nWiXleies7bCirniXrJuFPiMSm16PhDqKS19Jjrz6G4gGKNvgTfFPSX41laC+KM3tT+d55E3gSjPknwdG1PU8tTzkhIjqqXh3ZYRkokS6ecdKN/hgqduFx7OfjfCU1nLJFi/beCB2FyHcS3UDGJGBHmf25BTEFMTSpteaJdz2NoIEnZHFZLT83a9VnShh7VrtTkl32NkHisD4IPt6NlczEk3NQHoEGPjhItcYSHLE9YTB4ebSY0lPTATEzfxMqEshmMUSF1llVlXKyB5YnR0GBUGpoK/ikzstLQJdlnTTCggZCE+g48J6XRd4X4wUZMqIy4K8SztKwoXvV3pTpWu/+uEP/YQOfkoTrB98q5SNDf087giT14V+i+BG86Y4mUvv9F3Cbut4Rmm6Y6dzRCQkxBTE0ovdmuYkCDOazBSkMsSL/4ykho8CjB4ZUGXCCoSaoRQ6HBUmkYbITsT/FDos2EhjZK0c/n5RQa1AucOro1OV2mtFWFRsiR0GD0NFzjqbdG+m5kk87NngYvCahzTLp5EohtksVSfCelOB7/sPVnIjxQOtgH68/0Ta5VwtbXjPvWn/EvvXL/fqSqov2A/TXXnzNk/dl9Cd50xhIpWoKn81HLUWm5Sa+cLtlyCTEFMTWZSqiaHYQGY1iDPQ2isQXShIZzWhrQKw3x/uDTexqI8FP1p/dBg6WnYXDL5WCKfxBtlp4GKT343XGjlvZl4EjJCBla3dO3XGZhy+UDaJBwiy7ePVER4o1anEBDXMnXtTrVgbl7Ii6fJSKKHMWvqpbq5awk1RqZIK9JKVfDGtnp3szUErWYXNYGa+l0zxmd7uoc83qaIj4OpXnW3+leo38krL5JpOnpxnL5RE6MevLps0SjidfMBjvduU7w1Mt2f4I3nbFEipbg5TA+cEdWWvQyirSEE0HxEM+HO0FMQUxNJXq4U62qfns0KVuG1UADuyekXKJxFi5ZoSGBmiX13h4f7lQKBfENnnX3RDDUiOIgSKdqiZAkZY2n90ED3j3RoLsnyOFOjUSoqh3uZH6aEdFmgYbEz+laIn8d5hAaguqYEjmFAFMdoaD1u8nB4U4PoSEXkYQYofBGTJTOSU9DOy6a5zRUZblKlr3wT+k2CZVzSVB/007LcrjFa1KiqpRuRBHvkvds4T31qZw6XWjTWlwRlHDbGKy+p16Q48aeenVeq4MPxUSRHLzquZaEYD5YNRK8J5GWBSVd86w1g7IYjBx42mFJlGMhj7GnXjb21POc4DUvBxK86YwZKVqCP6tKoiA1KeJnFeP+kR75m/N6IKYgplYgprbIUcVSNKEnZWtSzQ+c0xBRAyWYKVuhwZNSyMEL2ColTda8jODD5zQI5JyGnBp3UrNiPr0fGug5DVWyht+lx0iXNLuNTzMq2kxoUB9Ro/vmjENoqEUlPGh6nxwzOofV70YQYxE+DyJaoCp89lYvTmlpXkeFa3ARBDEF4kpdpQkmgAAaplMmROuEs981pPKJM0kBMgVBTIG4UStTS4RiYhucAAE0TJngJVGMheYx80YR5CrMPRDEFIgfddNqjKVLYAQIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQyC5ttbpe0KC6rS1wCpxatFNgFIQUOAVOse7UoFoINEwtcAqcWrRTYBSEFDgFTrHu1KC6qAV09UAt1B3i1JvXtulQ1QZz+vjx4/aU+m3RTjFu2eS+DXGqiz68sV2H31+O1e1jH/TjkBFO8J626U+7Q+pwyqi+7ffq4/gAOBz3Cb4v0akFxJTT+v7Pn+bTf4c69acdX8Lt7e2207q9XWhMDcqLvLBGM5ErXvT6B3u0qeqJ3/+ELa2vrz9//vzZlNpeqFNWy9hzTLdtMt+GOOVFb/5iuzbf/XWsAo990PUho5zgPW3TS7tDanN9upgO9Hu1Pj4INsd9gndLdGoBMeW03v39x/n001CnXs7/FQQCgWcMKLDQmAJocBgaCDGweOWbLVqXAA1MOja9bwANAA0ADS6DBjaQQQ3ZAECDW6HBZcSwBGhwCTEANAA0ADS4DRoCrDCDjaUGgAamoMF9xLBoaGCbGOZ3CqABoAGggVdoYAgZbCw1ADSwAw2uJIaFQoNrSgwADQANAA1ugwamkMHGUgNAAyPQ4FZiWBg0bLqNGAAaABoAGlwEDYwhg33UANDAAjS4mBgWAw1uJAaABoAGgAbXQAN7yADQ4B5ocDcxLAAaXNXGANAA0ADQ4DposHNlYn2YnKQGgAZnoYHJ65+dxGA3NLizxADQANAA0OAaaLAPGQggjMo26wANqwcNq0AMdkLDpquJAaABoAGgwQXQYBcyjOKFOZKOPRsoABqcgoYVIQbboMH1xADQANAA0MA/NNiDDGOJYbbUYwM0vHjxD4AGB6Bhk1ViWEj7zbYtNRmXtjEANAA0ADS4BxpsQYbJgGGWBBSYmxhevHgK0LB0aFgtYrABGlagxADQANAA0MA/NNiBDOtTIcOUuXuu9QlCDKoAGpYLDa7fKmEzNGyuDjEANAA0ADTwDA12NDNMTQxTYkNgHmR4SgXQsERoWEVimAcaVosYABoAGgAa+IUG55CBJqTFQoOJDAANy4OGFSWGmaFh5YgBoAGgAaCBV2iwARlmJ4Ypig2zrU9YkQGgYUnQsLrEMBs0sEsMCzUNoAGgAaCBQ2hwHBkmLzYEZmKGp09dAA31s1qXF2hw9Aro7/R63xwkhumhwSm7vnV6nW/OYhYn0LD9v08dP0DDeGjwb/R6936AhvH64cP79x+4hYalIsPnXu/LHNQQmBcZeIWGdgwhJGayHECDw/fMHQU79YvfMWKYEhqcs6snq07t9BwtzHABDc//EFWnlA5Awzho+PZKUJ2SPgM0jNObO9UolPzAJTQsFRm+YKeEtxszU0NgbmbgExoq8tFJsbAvRFmHBqer7P57IXlRLOyir44RwzTQ4KRdPXR8Wbw8Rj0nl3K4gIbf0W6heJEU7gEaxkDDW2G/UDw5Ej8DNDyuvyXFvavi6c7OG/6gwZb2x4kT+oayc1q82hPv/LMWG6ZsaniIDJxCQ3TnyqdqD7VZhgYWluXvjorYqWnQaqsAACAASURBVH1hwylimBganAUs/84xNsp3rPgdXMnhARp+E/axUcWjO4CGx6HhHp1ip67EVwANj+tXdIGdKgj/4Q0abGlmmCJPfRUK2KkL1Jm5sSEwLzNwCQ1ZkaQtX1FMMQsNbDTyfaZpS52NPaeIYSJocL7vsYMuiVOXg7NxqZ7xAA2fBELsvlP0BaDhUWj4t0iI3bcv+gEaHi003B35KLIf8QUNy0aGJ08kem/jO/rXzO2QgXmZgUto6KIT6lwyyiY0MNP6f69dCn3iV6eIYTw0MLFToodogr/qW59Ytmc8QMPvOz4Nr+4BGh6FhrdJn4ZXGwANjyq569PwiidocGLLhHa/7Du+m3kTRWBOZOC90hBhDxpY2izo/6JXGtAnh4BhHDSwYleHFkh9F+al0AHK4qPSUIBKA1QaoNLgyC5Lo9Lw9pGObZugYRQz8NnT0BQLtKehwhw0HLJ1vIDW07Arbj9jEBoYAiy/ksROFZO0p4GdhRzmoGFbJLeFV9DTMA4aPqM9QuzQ0zC+p+GEFq/ecwMNDh3M8ItAascnI3saxlNDYF5m4BMaWsrOaeFyF2XY2z2xwdZRRPfi0Unh8hh9esYcNBwydXyTv4OSF1cXSaHzhK2FHPZ2T/yBji8LJ0ci7J4Yt3viFdq9LJzu7HwBaBhTajgW9guFPfHoNSfQsPxmBk0bkrhXKOwLo3ZPTLBAMeH2idHMwOk5Df9n7/xC09bbOH44HWwnL7sr9ELBwQ50soFFsFfBix42LNTyjjI4F3pGKaZ05cAox58MmnZ9t2zOnVRecjGCTEyEAzWQq5fdTfBc9MWKWhRadjF4aQeFIiiyXQ7e/LMmtk1snTEuyaWUzT795cknz/N9vs+L3yEImn49YUGDlhfR11/4mfrSNeNBg8Hwyp6+x8/UpwdHDENj7rTNe3+8O7J8GrSgwV7nHS3eWT4NmpcXuCDIhfXytfSEhgH6P44jXKQm4UYP3pCOHplhaB0hX6wuXDeiI+S4kYhBODr57E7ymgUN2tRgP0p/HSQxDI8jZHKndHjFcoTswka6kU63ImVBg7q9E0339qX0g4aBWkbb7bV0WjN39gwNaswwzLsnJixoGKR74fcGDXzIbMaLlLV7Yrh3T5yUkS1o0GxSDAU09N6Z6HHLhN3eTTbrDRpUmcHQ0BCbXX34g2EvA0GDPV2W7wIwFDEYCxoa6ZNdAEaELANBw51XpbwFDd0k3q3Z2Zi1sKqbi6Vptm//uE7QoI+Y4bBcHu/xFag3aLg6nNAQ47vx0xELGrTHBfke83TZmMRgKGgQ9kuc2ppgnJAZBhrGHvDd+F/yFjRoJd6DTX6/xG81Cxq62y+B+YYZGr5FmaELZBD2S2joFi5fanD0yAzGhYa3k/x+iTmoCyuG6wuvH0ViE2aFBl73L21N0Hr8ubOV6nZe5yK8Y8sokYrz+yXECQkNYrBxkapsF80KDWOP+f0SK0vTRW1oqJXrdWHtnimhYex3V3AtGvbfr2lDA0sxDO0zKzR4lyYD0WhgMqQ9IeEUIuU1HjTo05mo+f3h6FrQhWj3IexHcbx+9m7em5eHhhvDCg0vxf0SQdcbza/3AE5lUnDkD3NCg/2e4DAwujz9H60X5kIVSdEEXNKRGjg0d9wxSKQaosPA06V7miWGIorQXKSyJoWG/4kOA1H/S01oOEIARQHkyKTQsCo6DKy56prQQGPBlTCGsSaFBkp0p93Q9mJwUliAixTwGQwa9BIz4KINURg60sxoccDQFKiPX6hB4eiRGQwLDe/FtDUadWk2KCL4/szMzAf4lTmh4UjyMnwGaT3ibFXilsfjYZEdHYnh3Lylf6TKkOhluAIdajQl3Akqx0WKhPPmhIYHkpdhwOXWgIYaQt3lLgqpmRIaxn6VvAzn7mudvia2Mc9dAeA1JzSEJFPtUEiLGUhslwvU5yBwGgoadOlM8Ne0aKr91A9rZjTwhbv5fCB+oVKDo0dmMAw0vF+NRP6U/TdvpUfhqF9rKdUbtDnDX5nN66aAhlo5HpcXpNLSo3BU08Epj3g9/JWq2vQjhgFCwyEXKbnsMe4alUy1tdwYssgtIVL4nimgYSy2/mA9Ntb+YFN6FK5ABQ1oKIO7wgXKpoCGZH57r1S0tRPvX5Ktb8CldRpTAZ4Z5j9jpCmgwUsyDCWXPfqlrQlzWlbRThCWIsUaCBp6VjPcPH8sl0vosmxol7z/R0NAq9CA0MLNRyK1i5QaHD0JGowDDbEEnErBm+1V1+9dAWk/4z9fqTcoFuApARr20bdmgIa0UA7GT06J/au0vmsDqmbVzaJLhPAk9LCwWz9iGBg02MuAoRh56a5VaQhAFY1IbVNipEjUDNDwcwTGUzgcOZDJIMVKw5xr+2yTj5MEiItp6y5VNwM0uCsIlRL6eyeVBnF919Pl6bPHctrHEQiFhvn5AGUCaHD6ABYIYxh9qtLwdGmJYlVLCD6h0MBdQdo40NA3ZLhySLT6ex2Vhujku/Kh2pmyHwKfhOxHFyk1OHpkBoNAw5tEfHFmZjG1+Y8OTUN4aQmH0dkJCxpazQjAZ+ljBre3uvI2QdPwNLAUwgk4a+sCGpp9hgYFMQwMGtKA5CL1RVa6EzUN0eDSMo6gO91AQ0ZPaOCitjUQaJiFm1NTU034ycknn6CgECk/hiOJYjfQQJsCGvYIr9Dfy3ZoGtbm/BgjI3k1aGBMAQ0g+Jn7XTcwskPT8GzZjwUxxtcNNGDGgYYemUFFzNAgmGOpv6fUNGyElhgGxNVGKLSg4eYloOHG0EDDLC489xfhVcX0RDQQmiNnpj6qyhXM1Z6IM8Ip8fHHRCqxZ12hjWgwFGQ9ORLeGXR7wnHa2nwg0GDHhWY7Rw1t80J+a0J0LhT0eXI0XOyiPUHt6UgMjjMj1X9ouJPITPFXBm33bx9Dc8+iy8uBEc9ICi1Y7QlRE1SAWeFY0NWkYnpiLbQc5u5JBm9Y7QnhGiGxz2JZhVFMT6w94yI1P78bZJzD1J7oHzLw7zbHwg3ElNsN6Pv+cHQlNLdx8s5zu/MSU9xJewLULjJ26eiRGQwCDY8zwnN/Jv5a1rH4DYJcc6zAA4mHlhBSPCcIKSZpZrvNkdl7EDQZZDV5oP9CSMeZy1AGAg01QSPEP87S7VGJ0n0I8gd8mnIFdyKlpxDypDQzEGiIwfsCNOzDf8t8Gqa5SK04uSDkiJIlhGyxZKtUV5D5NExC0NIGn/mPQdoSQkplhaBYLNjFvLIKAgRBoQ1tHqANJoTsjRk0RibilFSqI5Q+Da7lXfGdp8ZDQuf9K3GDqhDyctBwdfigQeHKEIv8tS9VIGJqX++ReUYuGwI05HI5Sq56tO1UQE5IZz64oDZymUBSJN6vkUvHeevTDAANkvDRltypgpawQ2Ujh62IEjqNXGqpP/oPDX9L0LAog4afxg5eoYwk7EioQIP9CAE0bZKRy6zU3/PCRYfcO/NlKtcSdmiMXK6YZORSKqsooIF3hFw+EXaolCkMNnLZEzNoTlnWz4AGXsP9TkxfxyBz3j3McYPayOX51ODosdBgEGhYF9sTUx3VgrfwovT5vyxzp9YZ44gh57nVUS1opbMPqlX3/pk7ORwqC1cHAg0NgpbaE4otVLYS3o0a1FbgI1XUlRgGBQ1b6EcBGj6iW/KJCsde6nxhRzsT2mtlHDeJuVMRbkr62KTiz1bNdAMNIywFzGLu1GpPhJXVAmdLrhCgNMydAG/uZIRKw1ZfkaHd32Pip995jo+P1dSgHDaomDtdBhq6YwaDQMNbVCg1xBPKQYnnklyhib6wbKTFU5BF+DZELpVQvifnYa+UztzXdL9UiWFgQkixdHeLqSruHNuOJFegE+rsZBtE2AYCDT9FCL7UsE9ElI65JSJ3rrDDnDbStorQ3/MiJUXiHYvguc6+tMltpL0gIBYaSOXnklxBQ+PodF5id1W/oKHPXk7jYn+PBIed7zw8MvASGLX7WFI3XGwDhaO35oRhRi5XUTyTwdGFU3IFvtSwiD/4wYIGaQ/jNkyRJIHmO+UKghvRCLFtNGIY3MhlHFAkjSQ6+jVuVHiB9iLZa4O8zg7bYKDhDt/fi8OVDpv9Akx6zpPAmHT3RCFB0JkUspdUJt4YzAoVZnBoQUOrE4FhKxsBjHJ2ViCEUkO4Dxso+gQN7r4ig2CpytA0A9JXlNOVcfBFlMCo85MWNVwIGm4YHBomnr9X1hrWNzefnKonPH8MZ5oZPDG7GvvDrNBgr43LLY9t+T00USqc9j0mMixJJErZvM1QxKAjNDRq4wrEylbRM6wr8jCeYWmkms0WbUYCBj2h4b+fDuRvygerlUTl1UHnauwsTLFsCqlkswXTQoO7IC/p2dzcmarw1hWKP+DPTxDqC0mBejpdMy00+HxOhVEDBTCGdHaWEBgsvLvLwQRN+r5raFBBBvv4uF3htlAmiHjnzOTtRQZb2d0I8pHy/njpYsMFoeGqkaFh4s/HKPpooQujyNlNNPErCuPwZsyU0NAoEwCpy9vy5zzpCtsojKIIQSDVopGIQTdoGC8jAIkftpdKCIGynQ5XcQ+GEzAXKbhSMFgvRx9o4PI5jK5/klHD2BnfxcHx1Umk9tymhAb+qKAl2e8uHCfbqcT772wdQWAAGICUG6aEBpbBMKxjx9TIWZ0HGnA/+A4Lcj/t/G6hQQ0ZjuoA4GkFNpw+K7dv/+gVIoXxkSIvXWw4sz/h6JEZBgMNE+tw/EMzjnYzJDnx8An8cWpmP5XoVtcwEYs8er1w/buAhkYd0CxLdTUkmXRXCNbj8VKJbp+FyZ296t5Osq/EoBc0jOOA/kIyyFEXm66ThSrR9HiaRLXLlGBLfhsF6SXUH988wY+wWHC3+RFPfFL/qwkCsGQRpbweD0v8n7yzCU1jXeN4SQr1zKU7wYWBFnIgGVKYIuhqcJHSYCGWW0LgLLSHNDjBhECRahA6+WjrOU1uVS4uyiCVmSl0EcHVxV0Fz8KgEhMULFkUQlMIhEKCpPs778cYNRpfk2rVuigNDH48ju/7e5/n+f+fvJ4MGnR31ufzK/v9AQ1p3h8rCXXvkuqv8dbw0MkBJ1lAbXqHEBoGLDIwWu4LaKAFn2131+WLNp9MOUibBZ/rdOZ0jdy7CY0H7RlouLAuseORvn+XPMGLrB6xxJI2y741JVIuYmoYOgB9kSNNUg23rlac+EnQsMHCBsfPRP2Nb/nPsBvSv0T25M9WoAJz/mM/QMN7zpJMGo0yUX9jGjV31xXWNzDFFQUJVGjbSAydgoYdZJIi8cME1ekMNwgiNUjqWAHGgwp+NqVvc2amI5mGqG3maGt8zl/UNYcGDe6GLHFpMmjYD7PBoJ9f7wdoiBRg+8tovUahWmgo2641Mto5Bw0CUGDaz6yeehkazD4Xsl8g4QDVvMnlIxx+rWpVewMaLm5lOIA+tfe/ew6bMkM5rLUalIbUAJzzZckT+nY5aLjR1dCwJCJbBr+XpEcS20R/5snexTq7B0ylSRmjm6FhePhYhg3sSaK2vVSosbC+3vE5BU1xS1yuncTQIWiA5mjJZNLMkfgx5bGaUMyTRSofGsT2we0t5XQAGgZjvl0ADeMl/isBNIQFFCl/iggavhTEOWAuyb7oA2hIczTSnNZR556DhhPVdq2Rw1MNNFh8brRzxnofGgZlrLB0kfgxxbDu8rTJAbqsv0SuWO4mjNEV0NC0+3Ener+JOvfMyansq7nbDJgwNSDn/PKMgdag4XaXQ0OgrpdTIwhAHg6Te/wrkue+iZ+8xL/tbWgASfYI9q01SiSqiJQqrGeJTsSqKW4rMs3WiaFD0PANpWSMxhDJxl7AW6FQIPrUqj5fvpz/NnnQOpFpACsRgIYqL6eG0MBvGuvpLhtBw3NsFCVO9wE0qOYndB3zk3PQUDYTa6S7rIEG2YenMkl9kGmQ6no5NYSGU6y7FFp58mZpjC6ABgLBRH0vp7rMAH6qM4SG2pAaVOd8S0Uao17e9dYVEw0/Bxrmg4gDRJQNuPtu9gJxxCx2eNoME7Up/MUjF8lJdraHoUGVSqhrNq44RNKZCwrrqrBeJtsKMxy6fJBLt5EYOgINw8PbXKkqJ2NIZy4QRxSxwxPZ6Gt9ojzpK9tGYugMNNAxDA2f2A30mv/887UxNBTEqhuwGTSsiOPYKErX89CgV38g6teezWSyjTMN2EzsiCzTMBBFmWflcN4H0CBi1+g1H8o0xITG4gjaUs40kM2W8GEXSXe0u6GBSGOJi1j3ZT9uQjg8PGnEDHSsnGlo+n0Bahjh6nArKTTc7nZoeI444BPa1zee8iwbgP/9883KypuaORN/hoPo4ofXfg1oqGzkS+GSMjrrZMIcxxbSyNuxeG5qMRbWk1oQtAYNlwSGDkADkkrkJZxlycJtnlcilYdBy+aKqXSktvsjhlwhyXDp0tDQKmZ1ItNg9rggNATDQGP5xav8+Php4AWp2/cueTd01dCQQEPONms++a8ADRoDi5Bdgl2ghiKr3FMpA5Q9p1LefV11T4PaVMOdEGUaVGiQ+gEa1IqDHRo9WoCSAlk00IJ0voUxihDDRjhbQoWGaFdDA6EtwyEeTIn6ZQ+OPR5PCEopTg6Dwfcj1VMmaGSRNWOPElivXBUabnQ5NHwMgBlTe/55kDt4FxY/TX4KAmOndwFWFNlAxYjrm8orv+DF0t4m+5TsTfR4eaKm9X+bFweNyVKoqAcnH1YeMJpFsNNl+JAocYWKldyg3N0JViyVhFCerLPRgMsTm83LE1cghjZDQzleaVYeNSZjqEEjxwmjxpIfzGdMsCHRz+UNFVr7iEaf4uRSSeYIOxvTlylPXCYv0xH1hOxbO9qa22TXoZkhuzk3XvIH7vym8/J+0c/+50sZGkCkIkVOKJXE2ikcv0R5QrmNYknjqAzRMpIPxZLJGPhxRYrgnuK9Z9Tw3/8NIfnOd6nh0KqaTENflSfoKKCGUzfMHVg89l0gjlCoQcEHm9tXWVegLfQAkO+c7toIEw10T5QnCJ2crp/4o9/BQNTQCHDgCSl/HMkAIL75PVHJw5Uq4B5GyqZEyk4UqbHrQ8fnyxOk0HC766Hh2uyTuCfET8MmhXnUFRkMPPsYEOcmJ+fEgNq88OYJRU2sPHs3zfPhh6RqiB5uhDwvFtTn4nEflslHwrJ68Nlm5STwfyxE1MvuUdS9nD5TYNlwjlQNQdYIeetqxNBGaKgKl74Yj3uUk2AEplw2kYwkpcmwghIpc1kyGClOUNSThD4RViKVIGWAlhshLxm0jqgnzB7Hgofl13XQy7CEBlyu/7bOghEUJXZFHUmRf0Axi+lITolUIaMng4a+aoTUGPgJ5Z7iMygvR6M0XkaT4krGrfHPrCoR+RpQIsUdAKMQz/EhoblTPzVCDgzE4o4FHxY44K7IXV+MjtpPYdFCKGckGMrksVgk5dpojDiNgcaDdnEjJCkygFRD3DHl8fgPKmoVMjeisATIU0llPBDiFGWNmqH9hUT0bY2N1WuEJIaGG10ODTf/oExWhpnH5YS9SVR+2MBVi3H2ObpuhXK43QvM33evvXpLbrvQq5LLOvYCesNjJVIUAw/E+jTSCYIkOdZJqJJBfRhEykEVNPpsllxASSC5vDoxtAsaalMyE5TVSpkSuJyQxDmUCNZJ4PqOJvKBWXDbnFRKE2klUq1JLi8ftE6oJwQrZTVRj2AXpM7rR+UEIfB7IVg1turOPWZKiRSTAJHSEztC9pPkMmGinCZqYrtacFOEVQtQ3yn8DmP49ZHJ7rZbTYfXT759GyJ1hBwVfL5+kVzSEsMo95TDgnLqLjWHolYtbFEa3Xomq91lN1ljA+YY8TugoeTS3cWSyxaQ4bqfYqwMhUpYFYKbQ1jbOjqy40FeMuO0uacYh3nAEiMd3DVWT3JZpxPyyomGnwINfzDuVe3rKQo2KaiTLCfZ2elglajiL2pKqzxclLe1p+9Fc6f6hkT6xyaXVru8wOCzDlq2BrhtXqgSVSQoG4iUjcq0NmmpibnTDyGGtkDDuXAZJqxrWu1Lhwmu8OokSwu7rcpPsKgixbhApKaYFpsTyMeDXiloHYCGmMn5UomU8xGcNLGk9iCE99m9qgHZAZNymXbV8aDu7dHYEbJ/zJ3SzMKysvyY7ukrBTdyAfYCKdCwx6KPuWhVLtO+dk4MXXjP1vo0jEJzJ0s/mDvJ1NRr7aqb8VVNsnRLsn2mspGPdjpfK5FatsYb2EX2pLnTcCvMcEzZlUjZqOPyJEvUg4ByDkczaz6UDDQtrCqResl4WgnUWB1zpzqphisnGjoEDc9eeL2zaoPjW7TFaRcm7r5an57/UMKZhneqqGIT5SDmTavwOsfja934+HHQULEF6iOZ1FmDY4aCW9yq84Mmm8uH42Y81DlbFsIhaPjghIHSWv/+CSbRHYcGHC5DInXW4JiiwBanfW0K67dTed4zisWkWdyNoHb/Tyxo0XV5TRseV45Ze6DBIktSDJ9WBj0msHBrl5kl3cZS8d/cFkSFYH4DdyNssc/BO/nywA4jtUzlWoMGne63DjzaBA3ZXCpXllcuWuH6s0YlFLjOL0bVTAOE97L8RPeVcmvR4eawJWgAm4HyT29CAx2TpPI2TjsdMAJuKmYWotEFdZJlDTTQArWmRYebll+eYO7lz4GGpsgwdLizU97GT0zwHKy1m0ZG3h8fx8uCm6AEmUGJFPycErUMr5sytWK1PUY2fuLWVRMN7YaGm+tLD/917e1T1n/W4LjCwGVL+TWug1xm3AfrE8dP73r9VZ5Pi2iB19qYfoYGlRgMuWIiotkOc5JUnh5RsOIIUAk2JIsOD6hPJP1FTVGq0hdOoAVeOzXRfcTwY6EBRCubApHK8JzkL7eCfnDgCDzKKZGSHNEk6mlQ+0BopBDRY17VOha7jxh+PDQoJzQBZHd9NnvZ4deKli3twpMl1h8MOaQt1NNwh9+E0FDi4fl5Hy/wWmuhNWjozdkTglhMa/TKvSOFUFuMRhNh8L3i5POcJHscMrbGhK4dStQ2eZisWccL/Cq10xo09OTsCVqISrEBc9Rnt/2fvLMJbRvb4nhJO7z2wuwMWTjw5sGDxrRwS2C08stizBgbRgEjCl1IWWSQiioKRYxUCrFjV3jqtuN44cVgREykQODZ4KV3z9BZBBLTxDjg0EVhaB4USqGlpPun+yFbSux8NZk6fl7GUjDH17q/e87//E93ekSNnG0CaajrWU1VxBbVNJT8nk9VGKAgWho7+9dXgYZDkGFipbD1/sr1D3q1qktUHbtCzjZOBApF3bIU5TPVNKzoBBp40ieh0we/CmpjX0oNx4KGvw0RNMzEAQOY5w9Qs8TdZZP0MzxkSEQMcL/ww08/fapnP919tZx8dunXJG58qFB36Sd0IxDiIwsN3RxDsO3ECcTXkpbDBZfzJlmqSdldOxJKjlZE4dPkJyv58uqGhLPuy7TvIepuBJHhI4YzhAYcrbIJIQQOGywTgSN5ws+6gMngyNhidXqyVjSbVxvYv+GFZeLrgpDilfxk+IjhrKEhVgdOpGQL68haWdq2xXYBE2sg86K1s/O62H5zbaGIUg071F36v+5G0D8nM1LQMFkTUaTmNvHaoQ04wTLNIATECBYM64rlwIXUKQfbxUkHGnaKRDI6TzeC3P8BNFwuyShSdQuXIKjAMVTrAqaIhI97nKLu7alZy20ZbNG+Bwu4p8URgYbDsgwrCQABDH9AJYh37tD0LRqBNKgj4WNM4VrvcMPNdckiiQYSGZ1ukdrJvqjTQsN3wwQNT4GSCqQ4UCfWCXnitOD+ynhQxAbRr+qr4eQ9NMTyt2T+9et88jdKHOS6NHtnNKHBW5hvAyEVMBSgYwXfJM0gdGhOhmNIkb4S1an7wGbYqpSKYTo6oU1SzjnYHj5iOCtocKOVhHwuYIiQZItd12iTpaWsBNGr2VFJCneaqFtCWnYilaS5mzC5zgCbV4exknOW0BASGS0dyLAM77OiFSmKs1GSWchHw+HkgnNmvnkvXHhdKC4Sp6fxiEh5dX3koWGaZdV0WmVY2+uQGkwQFM/BOib0F7qzppKoNalpFu1KIXwPJxquvYnTlDN8P/LQUGPkTCDNQ7nlnYkQoyhuAAVnFvYUMUvSELWskGlp2aqbkSC5G44NjQI0HFqZeAtFI5ATgEhkC1XiGr1LUVwFWWzqEVPqdOTlW6nayvDE3GJsrESvE8WTxeDGKaHhGKDwD8/rX+cIDbdoBVlWyPSIyiIROCTENNbDRFzh44MlOrlqacE0F1ybhm+jrIFlgEsjCA1+Jd8UQ352rOAWToloH+LnkQHrroahvd6kbnWdZHKN7oTBZlxMOZGS483hI4YzgYZeRuYlOf+lWd43E2EdCOTHWHc1DGs0UuWNdtLcbPrEbQYbLV+UQs6pH/A2Of8ZrFtitumfVULsEtEw3JUePcO73/ibp21zcYbshNfGZ5C4LaAyq1dHHhqqEBcYVJZoHScpiHagQUSz1AQtJDXWp6gsdjvZfuoaWtwGfBrJAMNXRh0aLmfJ6URg93yejlkGBTCtMF0NQ6k2TVwZLD2LSmT0dqSATwugOjYC0HC4mKEu49OJIr4jY8yo5VcdS0FzcsI1hpTe7hL97O6WJ1JjIuP8eHMcsIcCGjApfNN7nSc0PKZpK0EhWsfXi9SlgZF5VWCiiy403Btg7hgFrAyY2/NLt0YLGg60SmzSuqjCkRE5dtvV98maysFIuHLoCIrgRhzIMoh3Gi+Dw0YMXwwN/k6JNlHHpkXhhS8ibSCiSK12hY89S4Wgt6GkAYHMguha4+UFKeScGhrqpLaVkulcAIE8gEJZoKiqAu50hY9/XOtpF8d7OsY1CJ1IRTYbzVGHBpmcbQxZJWuHNjKXZyGnaiIwadfSK8ldM8Fg0PO9jy8CRmZAfWvl+ohDQ4iebTJyxgcNMZYRVF6Gur9b4oCIB1L7egAAIABJREFUcbqOI5W1S9MXHRqOEEC+p7UtTWxhOPgskbWxi5pOeZahUyIcmOhpILxmkDHZ2fog0O3SiZIyN26cBhq+OxIZvvG/zhMa5ulWqMk1MmriOX3j2RMAmMXfZ1zh4wCD6AXAsCxgpXz4wf4Z2kuLs3MP/3MhoaFfc2WHSoQEMeZ3+m/MAhDfnqLCx8lB7kKmEykGsnox3G7u54lkZG6t/PWI4cug4UBvpUllHooy6R//ieytEp3ytu0rWxxoMl0FrBMpWaKGWb4JE/cjq43ysBVyTn0qFMlWmBY530zBUKjKAhB5dNOsUF+G/sMu/z2LIyUWpfD+5VPeXK1LKxMjAw1U5pGTebc7yfUxiQMw2+g72M3z1f+JLEIgVHRd2toXlOuFel16OzrQQLdCQ9boqIlpavOoMwAoJVf4OGCU8+WS84xiIaMI2f2zqkKxqijqtQsDDUf1TOzS83JGJtBguX5LuxJERmArxHP8x2qhB5XecNgQItsZJ1L6fv1HTRfFgcZYx4CGv58MGg4iw/lCw5JbwWGWibHzs96/RG5Nv5OpEgWzv+Hzz4BLB3iO137YWV70X/IQsIoCE0sXDRr62zEgowUi8xBIhrTkGas3hTyI1nGq4cXyAMPnNcAH0gLHq99/Km77LgmagOVEEG2en0n0+UFDv2h1ZR6sTwqKizTIg4gKH/MDDJ+3oRrIcQLf+r62z23bwQmZk8Hs1JAVck6dachSBbYs7+1z+g/FdpwN6hE2ZtgpPu//Ue4zRiDlRKr0oib581vNCBCdSEkTowINXZmHgrqTJou9KWblJloOHewHOu1zTu19++MRNhUwnEh9/tHW/VrI3QQUORZ8mBgVTQNtvUkzHOFQq5tMwG5NIZ3f8wgfDyhzGTkXUJ1IIZmkfy90cEJRGGBdEGg40prhOm29STE8TjR4zMU/vv/ovF/EqYaS1/DZQw01qOQCGo6Uts/UynagS4HQPj00nEQG2YcYzhkaLs3iwk5aTCCB43LygEnTz8l8pZI3B0yWuu8cKg3OMHi1dtefjJgHQholXhPfXiRoGEQMSKkdV8hZJxq2ahXL6/RPNr/NcL5kF5P9j89BpB3JcKkMn6ld9icjOlh7ZLCR4NcihtNCw4BoNYnoKsXMSsu1SlcK2ovFmmSVbMnsT0lYO6JyKZVvxfYlI0xs+5Rhkl+xjnOmmYYSORYaUMmqrYzfvx5tUG9uY+fU9s2+n+RPdDcvpFStNV3zj4aew7ZPGvwwItAwaZFjoQpWi6VaqehbO2jmyxTyA132O6f2VsA8ulvgU5rWemdL3lU9kUC2T2mBtFWMQqahSmQePEACRzWr96oM2HbCOQVn1Z6c74BvJEgF0pzmRMrY8ycjYozonAXS3Je0Vfx10HAMN6cJic1RQUzVLll6oTfFbAIj5FtJt+2qb1DJDc+gKga5H6qGs6b2+KrPHwMi26ecCGtnBw0nyjKcOzQ8ZmQtpYpwHgkcbz/uo1p49ODBzK8D7kawpnGapqqaZpved+ZE2u06c2GgYTAxUFGDqKY0mVlfb4fDnT5ssL62vb05IF/QRBkdXuCdSPGq5e2gKCcUqtbd+MuLEl8ADYcFqwOUjMGziZcb7XBXCup9yq93trcbA/IFGyijI5BIZYprfaSo/BFekecbsjPtnsgCh7gFRo7ZejZr+R4yeIP65x+3tzvzb/p/kgWQdh7ivBMpjW8VvSC6TnPUXPzjiGQaQiIUnEjB1amGGTY3D6yd4FSjbe5zTu0tgges8yRyIqWiSHlPjt2ufBF7RY5CpiEmM7yR4YCOpkfo9nQfHzFdrw6qw9edx7ahkEhlfBBbpflD7BU57NBwLAfI3TirpTIKKOxuSVJ+5eDk0/db+Xxh98pE30yDzKGzjYYipak+gUiWaLpyyCvyeKKGo6BhcKJhADKcMzRcejYHAJhFmYRbv5z4ZgQNgqIisFKFpOf+X1yLHvnOxYCGI4gBFygiTqTm8Di9/7F3NqFto3kYD4kX0neZmyEHG6ZLF1KRgoqX6iRymFBjQ1XGIwpzkLqkg11UUQgCeyjErtWMummmbhh8WISJsV0oTAQ+Db41kD1kSYKdkIJLDoXSBAqlkBAa9jSw+nJiJZZkW4rlqNGxSY15UKTf+/94Hp2igP6IY1WCBhpnJaXiZE7zE3WDusW2fY+IoWNoMBNrJQIA/LAq6pHveOpzSZqyieLSszwV5+onfyJv29ecIga7fRogARGVUsz4IK0brfyCMvJuHHkMi2cdikwpStU0DaK0umD30S0+DeNSSx6R0t98uveUT+fROyJDA0VISs0Qlaajox/FGtv2oy6BBijEwVKQEmTk0TikZ3xMR6Umf1yqKbAEzTfP3zQseZD+h4Y2XaN3KuIDPbJxVFowv05AQzzKyEqRePl0g8hLR9vtT5hCQ6fIcNbQMDDw9KeFgS53H6R6QlTZXEnj95pNqY9sV74/B9DQBjEoJ+S1bgf689JGOaYaJNPJVtCAbTlFDJ1BQztiiUp1u1oakEBUtXJNRVtBQ1oXGr51ppFjxRFynOdb/2fzF9ScCKKzCKFOc9VaDO26Bxokq4Z3fwY6upOObwXJTmYGUa2kqWZN0CNvts9ucYSEoBDPd+uyINUTCEy1kqaaX4Xq0O45gIYOgiY+v/zo93RyjTXNI6W9uBxp4k2TVHNB58ibjTpjaDBghjOHBn2D6SfPnj01sYYivBjFKA/4Cc2shNqegB/3OzS0SQzGb7q11mtvzc9xJg2iM8pg8yvNrASuerAtOUUMHUCDZbECS2ZKJZGZGclxTNKk2SDZt65OLsVB1bk+jt3QoJt1M/b+2e3pawZfZGTkHpZiZKsGUROkpmnxMA3/fPdAQ+tobJm7l2qtIt2Ob4e/R6hZAibTisFTMzRsNBapI25pT8ihk7pxFCXjBUEoBNNpHCHkOTccNL0KhxJqe4Ki+xwaOgmnMoyjaMUTY2PH80i4N4rFlVOgBqQqmDqKmugSGk4+yHS6E0bM4Bg0LLxAM5nkr4YfPAUohMaJmRSDU5rQqttyqSEdDb/ua2iwgxiGpZCFTBY13JrMvwJRgOPxVCqOY5pJvi2YVQYsfU4RQ5vQYINWviVZqZpR0yIwAUtKMamZOK5t2aDyeF8Ke+VgH6cXKZfy43s+iWbQ3LTRV9kNNpQicE31xTchH4HYU2ZGboSGfB3NZmItBpCb7oj/hBEKxklWVIrWVF/2w9J4n5cB8+7JntAfdxA4kuQMtyahEoxgmKQUS9Kar6CM93mJTs2Meg0NtjDD54wUR5H5bFBqGCoCDItKrz6WjGqggZdd7ETmKncLDW0VGgyZwSlo+Heu8PbWrW30jlHr4vrzhzDFkrj4OkSmND95ASgSR5DnfbxyaQ8xSNuWpauSIf6K4fuydhemGVkpuK5ZyxBxQlQqvOoYMbQDDbZo5VtD+eUby4t6XhaqICsTMMmIQpGEpvriE3GCJmn45HJqbxXrDTRAJW7x/nf3F9UQbJ3rf/UgIOKSUqS2+lKNiK9IGlT2vwJoqGfLN25cLaBVI4ec3akIYAhRKQLXVF/8HxEEJ6Pqcqq7oWFcIDcnJ78QnOEnlzkEsLJStNZKugRjJEmBRH+vXNrCDKNZIXTz5qGQ2dcvNUCDfAVGZuQHOqWdXhCAqBSmu5zaKTS0LjQYM4NT0PAoo8ROJE2sFp4DwptKiWB14vemX4UjU87aSxtBg13EID22ilrHGd35QMCkRaVoROvTkK/dDQcVxydniMEUGuzSqhFoySeNutO+4eEcMiMqNUtpraR9gfpEOKh1fOq5Yr2BhhC3KQdiF7aMYqy/HR5+haVEpVLYvRPbOlvBcHBj3+N+aKiqvk6ZurGt3m9BanY2NTuDaKsv/p1MJFxRHZ/cDQ0NXyfOxGohhNBpUSkGFk70NjgMqZQG+xoabGEGj+rr9EmzbnmSGuSkDtw7m0qfqr7wFQTj+EG7oKELZnAKGn5cNDaDbGpRRAmCAo8H+u7ShQb7gEGqp6uPreXskvE5O/8Q0ASJwUstpr59DhKDMTTYSFdVdFwTHWDUohCVQpBVB3crHYUGnvskQ8M2umsIDb71CCydniPVFjbSfo/7ocG3lL2hInvAEBq+/RNBSIKGg6Nuj8bWu4qqWTljViyQagoEDSrQiQFLwxmcvoAGe5jBv6c6SBf3PIbUABUBRRBRkOjMSNoGaDBjBoeg4XrunQINhUdmv/rsHow8/GngvEDDH3YSg3SqaxGmoHPSXpmAkdb2T04Sgz40XLGVroZXY1c10QEGStWDcDhX7Tdi6Dk0vEXfG1cahte3IiCyte7y7An9SkNNSZe9cWAGDVd2UARE9kY9Xys0CGosGsuZJmVyCEwV7c+5PGtosIcZPJ5MSc2q2vMYU4PUooCjpc6U6hAaWnUnTJnBqUrDAyWr6jt0euC8Xn/tOH69q6J7UoneGzJ9FeqZOThMDLrPrT/spavhRkTAAVrtXKQ+Eawn0ACVucP/KrET10ygQT8W+KuABt+aCqJ8Lm8CDW0s1LkZGqASp0CDYJZgqe/v0N/QYBczeObVgEthw2NCDZDhtkp30GBeaDBnhp5Cw/Wnc40ly+fothyWnfvlAhpaocLqauN4V8sOyiELua7CnB0HBv3nlu1K1bNS8OVycctn4fOcRayzhIZj0wYoIdyQCg2Zny9dQEMLaFhfVSOwhwPJghyKna0NX0BDqwkFvgw16gesGoo96NB1ttBgkRn8O40IbM/HxKESO7Gjc580Fxs6vixDQxvM0EtomHuQRJMPlOnFH35G57cPCsnnAxfQ0OKAk4vF0C3lwBx4k+UPyhl09ZwSw5lCQ34pKSpVV7BhPScqtZhNVs8nMJwtNIwXOfEqjqtBeZl3olIvfr+AhtPQEFhBY7FkLa/uLhXLB3x2K3ABDS18FwTpnlLq50MlLr65yXAC5EposMgMO3uJRCKjrOP6NxLFw8NiYkPX+ckKNXQGDd0xQw+hYS5Z2L6/Xcgp1PDN9Itk8s6cxc/8ZeG1C6FhCS1BywcZNTgnUEuiaL1qkRh25665EBpqMX5oudxI9lxfEal0Zd0aMYzsvv/gPmiABI798oVtPNPfriSTuUfGd4QpNPh3dvzugwYR0stXh/jYik9NMkFbxVF0Bg37klKug4ZQgtyU8irV6X5ekOIoLDLDeLncj9BglRliwuEnkROUfQn/y4xIEC8N3CLboYZQOXQm0PCXfoKG61MFZfTxQeMfXlv91LmHAMD/WnAbNASUMYblo0AlJaDXypF5+i4AyI+7boMGdSNu6GhINL+eH/ZZqTGM3J4AIDx1zWXQMMRzm0qYsVw9hsZ++/D7h0sjVqDBPx8BANvbdxs0LMUGlX2JBqbL2fRWoGF/DwMgMu86aCiSX5TRx0bXKxSyiAwhDgGAKvUdNFidZ9hTxhiKWfWvxT86amwwbdqiKEsZIFG+DWi4YuAHeXoM8m/9BQ0Lybe3FGuGpza9tZ8gFMESGDLnMmhYiy3r7Hl1W2S/Dag4S2KRXZdBQ03diCvlrHxKs2C/gijDksjday6rNAjqRlxcaDN7wgwa/DFAMywOV/wug4Y3JXVbaaXN7AkzaNivwDjL0CDrMmiAlCmGyUmuZFODIUQhJMtEQbHPoMEqM3xWphhufkp8bD+HwpAayghGsHEKPqX82JilQkN7zNAzaLj+BFWWLO+jdpUGJuQwq1mtw/T5h4aj5fADdN0OYrg08iEsm7SmsJzLoGGl2Fijz1sghialdmWTVu8MfMdt0MCoG3EJm6DhpRIax4ANl0FDclG5pwp1e6DBv6GExhGAdxc0hJTi1eQkUbQJGhKyk7sXh0N9BQ2W9yZ2EiFlYaKVn1NXxYYKNivnKGCQvd2J9pjhLKHhm8cTSGSqUVdYQN9uFxKJwqJdlYYnaoIjAxbOOzQEtoJI8Ggdfi22XC4mEiUeDVgnBul6pAbnELADB+jLly//wz6l1t9EkGA9f1RpWF4URKVKOZ89NZkHSlq9F4+MnHdokNbho0fr8AIxyZI4yRJ2VRpiauxztHLuoYGvIEh08bjScJVPJATetkpDUElwTGPcuYeGEo0glUZNfJxjvzAkTrB2VRogNX52Fhb6CRq6YQb/hnhPxXaOKw2HRY4T+A4qDYbFhhAg1KDZkhVoONWdaJMZzhAa/nkPpgkcCavdgx+mYglhc1Ogv/8/decT0sa2x3GI8q6cy90NdJHCo/Q+2nALRwTP4hGyaGgw0CkvDIUuMim1TMo4FEp4EynodOYO08ZWzcLFRaTiRBDaQFaX7BqoCyGK3rwKShcXpC0UpHDLxe7fmZkzSbQak3hGnbOMaPTr5JzP+f35/igd2reAs8HnwJjPoWEtZhnvuWMPggPhrFGsabywSaf0/8II2eA18Pz0iQE/mPSgoRpHXFKC0QG3piFryDXNEFYotUo8c8anMjL44G9o6LGN9wTXeK9n1jA4WZM5kjA+OTTEODLMmPU7NJgAKyUClzsr6ayRqWWMWJUSNJD54owk+B0askBMNo09MA2Oz2hJSaDTvxkaIuNTGdE4V9DQOTN8TQPBcud1Awt/GQavYaXKXzv7OUdgQ2gW6I5SqHhcdmI/NLQONFw6e2h4hMiAxX5i7RiT7+3eqxUf/kbn0B4j92cd3Pc5NCzZYwMbFv9bghVMrvHtRxpaNwu+gCqJyXw6fWL4gSI0BGOiFZbTEalhCM5J1pScmtFppOEove4QvOKhzyMNESSo9n+c7CqhsoT3mZzG0Yo0lAlecTGfQ4Nl8W9nD0gx7UCK28PPlGZsUIIGlnNjMj6HhoJzv60PWCwJXI5RFVmiFGmIkPuzymbPETT83gU05G38USV3fNlnwaoZVeTy595OqeFQbCgRvMpB8ywCDd5Bw904T663xIvhcXq2Vqt92z523ES7b0CiWRy6629oWHfSw/h6Swq23xVrllKRdIUCMeC143waVSFxBsRAERqCqyQjxZOpXPNzpq3UULraGTEc8UtfGHPeQGVTZ8IMhyVyutrgQyYhaneY4JAha3jVakaJDjTknTfIwbTPoSFLMlIimYm+ni5Yz1Sp9dyzDqBhCuWcu03R59BQFp0zHWVdN3LrkdL25Cwdb4ZQ2S5Sw6RbOE/Q0EVygmSkFJgnPZZGTdf12rdivuOfdRg1hEKi8wb8wQHZnUFDt8zgHTS8JBs8g26TyMPrm9vvt2/ezN+mdGq/AHyOyfEAjPobGiogR/IszuUmGC4NhiI9g4PmCgVisKPuMKkyigTArdMnBpqRhi3EkOBS1R3M8TYUudrGYI425boQRRmV0QUIfj2L4g9q0BAwRDfPMkQqHPbu7Vkdck7P5cmh4UqcxZ9vXYToi7+hQZBIcCnuVhQNXo2E3g6GWruRtw8NH5Go45OQhWzI39DA8m6exW25xI/UnuUCSclfchYICqPKEArnCBqudJGdILdARiREnTdv7O7u3rgxO9NFGeVh2FAAHFYqCaBxDDMcyE60goZL5wgaVPTCeYGMm6AHDZMAQBZCnkv818/QEKyQW6HiQoNbwD21QoMY8FE4aikFoCykTp8YqEIDybNoDWhoc5pXu3LdgQCxAGXYO2dR/PEDPWhgXWiwPSBD38jk4j1a0NBbtpViNfiXr6Hh6gFoCLoNzxFa0NDLQsAiIGqg4HNo4PZDQ4F3uidqRoRSfgLaSkkymPU5NCQPQAMZN1HoBhoOyVGESgArBQHH72s0Oayi4XLb2Yn2mcE7aOgnMZoMIJWQE+HrTsslrbrFEVZJ8skcPkKe+jrSMIB40txA+ie2nNl6odYzqjrwPH4mKDwv55gkuHDqxEATGqoE4bmE0z8R3Fxoc0ZVu4AV5XSslMpwsdMlhqOV6jb/7JRKCYJb6p651+TEc3JouIx4jeczaqN94rI/Iw1FmHMyUuP7554VWg97aR8avoBMhufxDYrN+hsaDCeRU29uKJGey2QxQCvSoMs8rzNqV+0T5wcaekkiR3f7kRezu61mVHWODSbARx+v4HtmoYNAQx+lQIOHhZBPQFK1itaGXcvnuYUHmBkWpmk5P98mt6mMz6Ghbw5adS0ZOFc3Oiy8tXwON+cpjZVwmwI8hoZDiYEmNPQtWcW1ahK4PfSrYSsoE5nZCnZbxvAdNLj1fWdQ+0ERGkIsi6lB5eubSsHe4WuG2XYh5DHUgNxg9fBlsv7pS2gYQqKCT0IJumUxKzNW+Kp0TEFRR9DgKOVzaAiVoIT5KiegIZJZL9qWkBq1GVVuU4DvoWER8KpV2Z4g3RJfZ4oWNZjpj91aPRzABpN0Du6DhkOYoUV24gSBBi99Gh4BVhJBqj7H8uV0eGEhPE3NVeE+SYBwbn9Go7FiKZ6YfukbaJhfAiJWaqnOCKvhmQUzvblGaxDVE5IAEYYPfOHnx6l44tEnutdlD6FhLYqVYuvtcX3Biq3UuwFaY6geObcp9bv0xLXRaDx2+5XHlEUNGgIlFggSAsVGaaTBy0mjGKEEDX1LIing3jpwjr4aicWjox/8Ag09swgKEoT1VOD8VnpqYSa8EaQEDW5ZnP5deqKUZZFgBvwSaQgVIJQEiGYbwyeMpGxQM4QMRAiIygfr+yzTESQdM9fiHEFDbx4gSQCJOiN8mcqaZjb9ubf7tQ8bSiTk2pyecJITi9k423ifVtmJ7pnBU0fI59NLzyZ+G5skoYX+HyefPJn8kdqp3R+1WxVlMD0xuS96MQ0EnmfhpF+goS+4Oj48XlmvVNzvXqtsrazOU5vEeC0u5Oxi25GJsebd/MMSVopD8V89JAaq0NA3X3k4PF6tVlxxgmsbWyvVeWqDK3egZZ6pcmB0YrlZqVdRKPEcjH3ykBioQkMgYpaFbGm2MBtyL4pm0XQHGZ8cGoKr9m0K3zs3KtVg0560k4AcL0GPjbhpmjtFipJQ3K5USKghGKyubG2sHxe7ar+mIW+nuBWRLRRKgX20gjjestLwjblTqShIxZL1Z9hPVCA0axYLQwFqK2uHXHUkuG9RpxWW50XQukvjPEFD78epcvmPL4uLpEr44tfFfH7xSu+J1i9N3FC2zTM1WC4Q/Uk9Qx6I+OgD+U6zEy2TE//at7y3kX5zBwKApn/y5Nh+moASJ4JoeCo8N9Hs+iQ7XbJv/AINeKPqW18CAMTfNe1VQXqzm5fjWCkWlC2lxhovj0BipfGzd8RAFxosUaoprFRi5SiRTibXLYg4DsEUVmqziaWe2R9ShR2mXsbgFTTYOQkRK8XWb4I9AXfXpRBpCG4BlsM39OzMTHpzvb4nXUjZJK+jad9Ag+3wxGKloqsd9O22Dw29YSBipTAhGEZxqMEqyCb5jNuK6QNo6LG8RRFWSig19f/RG4YdkbBSAmANS6lGdWXJJnkm2boV81xBg5WTmMJKwfSXRsjpYu9JVx0bhkQguEpZtq+EGT47Nvgc+HxYoKFFduJSS2T4R9OysMFbaLibQklF4eHDfk/O7TdPUtHhpfyDmw9eN5VXpgQSOB31DTT09a0lWFnROTBH9Qisr08j0ehw+vWD69v58eV6oCHOkcDpBO0yBs+gATMDEjOKLoEtSmUMB2MN05ZSf16/vr0wvlOXDyZJ4PS5NyEGL6ChpwAELacJh+y1FKAB/yPGY9FU+u/Bwffm+Jp7ji6TDD6PrvkIGkwgabmMiKqeQMPFxWwsVs5a3Yl81v0dr5okgy+xAR/NnsgCTldkFpUCXqxQQRIFIWn3cRbrMEJqVRlR8BM0lCGvKEkUu9JLc7nhhogpiIIk20qZvxBmuEjM3VUUphVo2E8MhBv+5yk0PIa6U6romdNz/yOnk/P1nBvN6AdJJqdpOiP8x0fQsIkUp1SxSp8YyO4x9/q6tRbeudWQO0CzlFIYdsQ7YqAODUv2sBaGQwPe8BVGhPE/baWmXrivTACFUbBSKnjsHTHQhoaQaLtC1g2eaEODxQ3pv50p7hvupjQKVUupnA6W/QMNEccnThWHPYEGJ9fstrzWXaXwBq9jpTJgyD/QUHK6CXPICHhDDbb9g6NUnUskiVF1TVeT0EfQsOjQsw6PMHS6/N3qGByc0bW7tey2+5UEz6j46FMdn9aTBxoOQwa8/u0pNKRIE7T4rP3v+en+xET77RBPx9+T4ZnPG9Agc3jxoo+gIUj8M1W02f4ZeG3s1kT7Sfbl8LZ9FL4P79ShIZO0lUL/p+5sY5rK0jjOGj/ANfPFNGkyksxkdMN2l9iJZi7epUt2rAu0TUtJoVDbOtGhCBQClm2h2Fc63VIqaEqIkqIDddQAKZJ1wWyifiDA+gKU4ITRyZplWBISMsbB6MdN9pxz31jbWy4rYLgJHw4KLX8u9/ye5/yf56nZPmLYamh4QhVBu8RT/IlhIGgP8jYxCoMSJNTxF04qWhY6MB+p1PtBw4aabSk09FBGYV9i2Tv3BrUctDuyeUPDFFkc/EVPhNpHhU1il5FUavdAw2/o/plMT1Ye0CBcVKkYg9DG0PCqf5WaTU696B6b0oeU0uwiaBANUf0zjWL+vRlEw9H+Ht5nGCIbNXHbyLRINpu8SCgNvnugIbOSaq9mzk8ODMnKmA/+Zyq+kskXHM7a5lbhtW54ZrHGgv74TPlbkWj4NQczbDM0FFN1WRppSkpQBdlSh6vThJbQhxx1MlmAY6jE/aC9dd8FkiyuSs6SPaMkzH+uU2osINwx4rvoeOII3UTMJEmxB2Y77KpFpmrSoSYIQu+2n8Fl5RxWxmW7vX0gSJKFg9oKf5DQKXZhfrXG6xH4NGLH9hHDVkPDI3pYi3I+BTFASmB4SqiCSgXscOpq5yLHqYTdvrgcDKL9UtVBKvXaSYNGNm6C9eM+s3hx+6wfWw0NUarTqAfrTwENy6p1PHXIrQdKqYOhfLy4ZpnjFzA1+4T27C6QfTK+GHTST6V2DCnlNeFLuyfTMMR0Gk3hajgwMzvLOJXTB0q/JuGfAAAgAElEQVShUuWOmmI8P5SdFBoyV+LxrJX4dVR31xElocHCNJOOYmaDS9Bmqd5NxxN0p1FLqu8gGu7v78ljayzGpFKpv8ePi6v7RRynEv3RPMqzK6InbluZu3YIM1uBUlblbjqeGKPiZQOeSAysr/vx7Cxr456JTExMnHn6oBLHx+LJ2eGX6+B+uh5foYZn/umd9g8SXGNpE7gMysqERENKaNhMmmHboUFKKWeqS1FjgSih9H7aPgfggL+oW3QnTrzshS7Qasyd7ECiFFpxxODjJsCGb5yvETM8dzLcocJhg4g2q8m9izINVLWRRxnhjpoBJQClmpYyEAeM61tiOt3IJXKgWjJXwhJ0oUKlxIGBDGG75DkVPzN7RIMSptCAUsHtI4atzzRYKcvKFKeNQagKQKXswgzEAQ6iW6fTdV/C0NTVZBHwQB1GXnjnUobQQeVkBiOMQTRQjYyQBtP49qQYtjfTEOWEBkgJWkAJwox2GDfbiRGdLtYiQ/Npi5OF3TOnKKWQZ3e2i2yfGJ1nnkpSE5q+Zhxb3D3QQGcaLCkyDUcW6iaIicDj9AOPZh9fO1BKvARK1SrEaOrqwMEkyJBPPaaUcdQUcJWKn+kX3YOb0fQ1jXkXHU/YNs40iChKGN4jghyQZ5PWTk5qe3NxOHXVnIwaokpaKXij2qwkNLClnIW4BpY0eTV+0e6BBhuFV5piTmSAlEAQE0+fpF97MPso/UiEeBmLga0PzaeVJKOGi/TWl78Cuz9EETOsspmGFRyWNHks5o7MzSQaNskM2wwNTWIX2fY3yH2+gChhjaipgYLcLCVunADLRpkP1Qi2J2v/YHRpwAcgz+LL4CU6YKrheF8N26XBb7B6LVYra3PY0FAZnFbXXPjoA0JDeoQca2Nd52l4N8/eiijhJRFCLBBo0OrgVngeDn70mPHE7LuwTmxoM5F2HGl2hnC+D+6EZzua2P4NSCmDpW+e93G/uxwotTlm2GJPwxlyrI1R/IQTrxx6RAmEG7JAbmd5GCo1WmRCNYLFiaUiS1Lc6lKSnt2bwoylyEWUkuliR3XU+A0WoJS3L8TbUAmUKh0XvvdBznt4GpRmwUaeBkQJurDeDllAVhOAuumuFGlQqcippH5diwtXWttIz+4TSQ/qyIl6l5LVExEjUMpqmOvgfZDTHlKXN7V/SGgoFFOehlMpikUmfozF7mrrZiELFC/UvYRK3T5nJKeuJkLDCl7t9YmrLW0+M6yAW7HNkS2XhxkjhZ9UykfZHDaGBuF4qbrcvfwhoYH2NCj9Kc4XpFpACffGUEWKcgis7kxq5WVW1MBuKFlGzOSzsJ7dKNnx3MtOtBg2G6ykUsM8oWF/S05vgfbwh/U0eMlT1FecXZ0pSiAiCzJYu7MwcTcGbrFGmReZ2+LJinc1PgP4gJ5dQA1xstFkfxczcXtlDDzQvVbrnO1nnomG3347rb7zzz9sihm2GRr25SutnjYDfop7OoQdUcKJtWbsfH2JXKEIw9UVebOV7LGTCBngtvWRt64Lb0hLu9zZ8eL5i44Ie8AR7Pihxzs3fPy5k2fN5eVpIjzSQpSy0zK/ulA6HWr98w5Cw4ys2uIBe5aE82ReWKPV3dDB3EJuY329PFc2gh5bt/JRtkBcmvC4cGAWEDtRdhxACu0RoNRgx1M2bd/UJ5oDSv1jMMIzYG5V14a7tUSIvemOqhqmQ1/vIDQceCQ2eT0AG+c5bQyHOlugNLqwLFdeUt+IXVqDq4oCkw/F3QlTu4RuzCcwMJ7djIxxZ9/r54Nd82wBwNPBPKBU4fGLC3wdJAGiu1urV7HE8Hf79HRT605CQxQz+zxgz+rnrJ7IViNK0GlzFRUl9eexZriIyQtQtsCSxJQL/boakm8NMCx/IOl7/bqncuEa/Vg65HxRCJTKO97n5usg0Wu7uwk9e0ImXHZ3dtqXd7J6YgjTuDxek5j7dGKmDjADuHLEZRUlJ4uwXqjUfnkvKgY0imcSI02lR2Ai+VaDZ+3NjPstc3MWP9PLaU+hH6wt3jenjVF+0CB0A6XChJo9ihS2N3U2qAZ2snrCD8I1D9izuLfvHsgM+snJZuzcyZKTZVgvIIjJWnkv4jJNIsBCv65HaSLn8IJ/zhuCSlnZRINo2P8GKOV7czpl78l10LA/p+rW7dtVBT+yRBDOKchpObyDnobMMRCyeUBgm5U8ywA70yFKiN1txopOllSU5dbC1ai82UBOUk+wRv6Ca8CDnuLbsb17szps0bdvh9b1jLpuW53zeudWC23/fpcZPknKDEcbiJbR0Zw7LDV8/9PDOw9/+j4FMmw3NKRdRnlfdYrdu7z7BIKGc0Ufg6te8QyubhUgaEjmhQjhHoGRTpLhn6elfWOPOJ3uddbJC5TNYbCT5yArsBuD14wRzMzu+0BK8MQPfbRz0JA+I4WZJ7LhfVLjY3YAUYKuu6wRKlWhGIUreQ6CBoEpkPAF5UoQZdJ2HCkMfkNOoNS6Z4ydOrznlWkAu99n5dovwXWY+Ja+6b4rJ1rCWsL96c5lGg48hrEeznSOTsSrRT2iBN2oogIq1aiAwq3JcxA0CJQNCT8aLNKtZjy78GG84HRG7OuKBkv7SKXWpWlSXgNqyC1fdusZnmpVE+FwrV61c9BA5X3xRGZgoGF8IoaUuq04CZUqKgPC3RiR30PQ4MESraYyjcAjpj278/CX8VQiiTy4xsYynRdJpbp4TlRtR1khXTjAUIIjAJQi1OOb3wrP/u7/vfpgmjM/+Ann9YBAQumqFCVQqbJz6E3L7yFocGGOd63wfwNxjYs6SXNhU+Azg102W9cL9iVpH9tpP/nJg3/9NPV1gRiBf31a9VH6M3Z9bbgFUESqrzq6tdAgssE0Z3WK3bv/3uSdSYANRQoo1MeKIkgQBfJ7GpLJhxNP0SwCL3WS5oWe3byo3+8fWmedpIdcvOGbadBWXfkjuAoKfkVTRC2giFtVBSM7WHKZVQmVGvuZAxnANa9FHHq3qAwKVaKogqvbt5qN5CSi9HcrKuKYS2BlPLvgG2fFK22Vr9b1pl6hhly8rZw5mM4n0dBErB07duxfOQ8ZZniY82z0WU7t7z8gNKSlXVWpUtVCfK4eQdAwWiRH91hZEVyBqNDCAQ0N1XDOGj3DD72xry7/z/u7Hxkk6ylUPN+hfg29he5yOtUQImJgPfJf5s4+pok8jeNqSDwm6z/GpEkxOYLkPLmGKiaDkzYXvZoxnabtNJS2toBJqUagpa1dZPvCVmFPXsqCQhq8KLoeWgJGIXsHl826wrFqDoEj0cSXu2zsVW69XDSKye0f99f9XmbaYodS8ShOYsxMUCbf/vp7Ps/ze15uBbMIDXkowyxNg4EFC4qIXhtx27g1hqAB+89C0OAAZrCmjJ/hh/fahSXpaVFcW/hUHsiAGMBK66QW4bZ1wDfLrbmCWfsEuA/f0mQPGqClusdnpAmJJeqgoCm8dnjQaMYgOoigAfvP2wRKRWigUnyWQhX4H1KUmsIJIW/lmYXRRRpqAillD/EasIi3fHc6swcNu3ahDLNNy0NDgDqMolceoxMqZVY9ATfFwBS2JY1qT1YeljPzsxSO4hFPMzOXkvYlUTtOCBluyiyMLmrkrDHFH2cstKLTpCeO6HtDwx93rPoa0gQvp7Ham7129Hl+4ncjaGBU9eCunvmsDGeNdL7DGOdgOXMLn7NLPgJPduyYm1vyKx/1/vLP4Pq9HL/2ua9XOLtyoRV0YCKO7NWWMLy3W/a+95dv9Xj1q8fD3W/T8tctgAx/uOvzu9GG7jf6wP0TBpvCBuLxuz//AzKF2AtsI4bho988XvpTV64jvLrem+73fh2Hhq2HRiAz7D9/PMw98SGK+Pb4xa3Zg4acnJfz889ztgueTOCwnQ9BQ4/Wj5RyuxcRNNAN2CHmKiqSTiek8DGfs4viC29e7sxJSn7Y3nsFZTlc736XGYTrLb8BKwhAw7566l8cNPxYugfc7z9uX1doWNHN9yGLfd5ow2tMtYgQAm9bZK1AmkTbtrLkSEPq1dnU/fTxD1+6Mjyd6KQO4mCHhaObPsurgwe3jjBaWaQ/a9CwYkuiGD6a502h2G28gU5Vy7Cv41050pC6Y3vlQKnh3tpYZml8/8U754FRSxG3bUGK2DMIlGq9mj1oWKESVTTExWQ4UyhWnYVKDZ6txL5OqgtrBRCqToo0pF6FIfnw06fD8sbMJn7ll+MN/kDYxGlwGVJEvY1xy0x7sxZpiLfxWw4aOjCI3uBMoRiDqOdsxZKpq0mXLjnS8FDImZE86B1+/LRbnmGgIberB3OLrzaeZgGDRAxjJNMsS8n/e0n9fIW0k05Mgc+0KCAq1ssGwd2iR4d9G2VRygtKkyIN0iAqYM3LW9K/dOZC781Nb7+S38/sDQoso3hNGYLcE7jIJsYYj0oZet8v3wd1HEpfFDh/a3LyL5OTPjcKiIrNstLJycm7/hoUSzhKp/zj5yjS0MJFGgYEmzIfu/6ffy+JwwtcCWgYxYGG/fuP+/CDjYcGATKYoVKGLEJDslRCNZaPKAQNY27sLzOqHogQfuzb1DjihZiJNImWbRVcSRSKNKR+GC+OXYFK9f70s4wCDdXUxD50lf6DmypBje3b98zM+GVn//QRQ0M19vMP4bCf2C+jel6N2lU1eKBaapCiD+xZLfjb2EZ2CUcvql1NTReCX2T6BjirIgEN1YAiihmb0+lWKTuyBw0rtCQC3usiDpCKMTTogFLhUhkMkH5eo0vdYKeASif4dBzhBL7Cdhhd9sYyrBT0xqGhAD/Q2KG7ZXOajSrdN1mFhrRiNaJQw2G3ESul+owKvwpflMHM4hZ1lSiVnYBKlfGcXUHxY5oLQKn2wszOcfJDHDT08NAAH4wxZqfNKFMUZRUaNqWBBhHOpl00ujlTqABK9VxEX6/TZFOq7A+kSTkN04IbkyTYJJd3BTKdp+rCKHzNUJ704DxQijFKHYUfCzTkF7A+tPJV2Ct0ErcMo8U9Z1Ef9gZpbX7KG7aq2xI5DRLBrhczj+TH5A/vZ4gt+WwYryl7MPFgYoQx6/1GYjab0LCCfx2xA0qYtKuwKTQTiju+u5SRxFNX51PNKl1z6hSfs6sTBpLnr0+ePPk6/YzIODRsLH4XGuCDbxmglNZI2LMKDcseTaDi5UgYpcngs0ExQ9wx/C1sV8E+7KfKkqp/eW54o6zb1oaRHeU0CF0voFLdP6U9nEgstGZ0OgHPJ75HzPCL70uf7XuGTR8x+bFBQ1+5gmZRZ4VPGy2+V6OGOwRaY06ZKzDLsqEgKa2rk5JCM6fKibKWOpyOowRWfotQ4sHuM/2ZD574gjsh6XHtjlPENZsNvIzWrLJmCRqWNYLRLgWN2zDEaiElUFYCB92JkMZkYRvL4UA1qU4gbC5ipZUtNdKKtrYGNS0Bdk9oCy6MRiW5ogx7CzRTW7GvU745Dg0TDHgds9YpM2UPGoTFmjLRCheKaQ91IaWqpCjSYCM0XtbCBrsIdd1RQiEQNo9ZgVJqsqGtrUJqLcwVSVKVEoli0WgsM2LgAwvgonivsNFwYCtUyqY1S8vXGRp2/W6cVpQjHaImSAmUAiO7hwg0shaT14Hm01oFPqESWl1xmlSjnF3AFHkleQI7kyQazXyYiQYfT9ygeFhz+Q6PMuCDYzw2QrPO0JCvidBVob34LMAeHvVROiNSSkt2llsss94qNHWVzU+FhqiypuEEzNltKSMADxUOCU1JKZlLDMZaCRo2hzCyL1J8ngyAhjEGvI6H8RDN6wwNb+bHdePzKI1/wAoo4U4V6eZ8mxevIxH5vA5NXX0tZOekNScquJzdeTjcSQgcXj5/uULXo0SkYWPpIHc8MZqABjNUym/TEsXZh4YlyFDySEFHbqOP/a8RQzhstxJ+fN4cuf/Q4XhwTykFSi0tKOcaRs4TdacruZxdWHP5Rii2AZTake5wIrnesoAdQ9AwRnGZkBAazMD06bVmt/KfHxc0NCtJOGoKHT582uli2cZ+lvA49TaVrm/D7u+OAKoIRRwh4VhBUMcVq1b17/YqCML6oT2qg9TiwYPXRi08ovSxr4rhErP59QxxJgvQsLzbLGqHA5TUBEpFl7SbWtnGaJXMo9czMoUkt1ACzFjUZXUEBRv9F6IqVng5FmIhmpA63qfLgFCloMsOkxp64ul9zdTGeqgU4xd7ZEXZgYZlxBI1EuqyMpJEtkfiBUp5O2gVrJ6QwSpKoJSoucvq0AgafgmsYkVNLUwSSa2SIC+sZsZEkmJFs1CpCR97NXE8MQax2MOItfQ6Q8Nv0QAl3LBiIci2mjTNSlw90QUAChCTKMBaW9vPCaWTzES4Lx/58NLMBRIoNSPcWTnjIl7WcAMwg8EkiQfUDo/Ao0q/TWyMrC80FDiIo0ApGn2IV0OAEjSXpUaz3qklQuAz3psPqKLVynYCuhDIrLFySikbRR2slNAJDHDPe48Dks3NFh8g0UW7qyARvbKZ0QYvVs2uLzTspNEApfGd2NuNRL4cmEfVE25iIGf7zp3bIVWMy18I1hnEO1ro5nNejIO/ut+s4hUS0PCJ7/gIYoZS/sGhwf2Q2J1ap375UMOaQcMSGz6Hpyw6LqHkrAeAEu4/IMB72YzkNIBwQOEl9yLWh3MC/SIBNfCmjx7IGQBK0QI9oLanRjWWCzQAr6+0HjDDntIf+TxIy9jfIbGbtXrz8qGGtYCGM/196X/giA4NeKvg2zcc2QLYwSUDYlgzaSC9pTrQ/127pn/DBhNR11BxlPjA1o9HQhaDj2I1SRQBN3iz1gb8+c41hIa8uemZ9IH2BX5UMzb3yAeWsHDZOJIrrZYJFYgkgfaFBY03Cn1poFSNVPMBxIArdOwGyhIvnsh32c/boFJm4M9fXUNouDQ3XZL+UGIKjWo+VUfiSEIhVGoBWThTLB4twH8Eyx0CgaGoV7OQO0STZQ2VanJq9cSATMwsZTBQbLx4oshkgKbQpnWKGWItoeHXN2+u0OH3CipYbuNPtKBSog7Yp4GsLcxg9sTM7dsl07A34pySrGyoTPSAWuW4jw4TVMqUGA7G+oAp1DNavdhPryU0lEzPXUpvsl1oVPPn6iqOIYrAD12mEQe8G5IQ+PLlRtsDsSlveyx3ilRXNpRJ6ZIPyar4H29nH9NEmsfxM+uF47m9f4xJE9uLiF6IprGcZNur7W3OVYuFtJRIC2uhl4DU8qZAlW4p5c1VhALuQcgu1kKhPQz0fMltzoTchY01soKoG1hFTIhGPDUbiGLc/+6Pm2dmWubpy3SG2WGMf1CF0l/a5/eZ38v3m5TUqYORmhlfo4ge7IDPszryttVU8QkNaUtLCW7zzYRVs9RM1h1gteAhVB/I9W1OpIsswrDB9xpqHYqwe+mywjMVkpvvOEHDxwaL5YrFIgsXFXos12GkHNZt27Iz+YSG5RiRQpK48CDuAlsrITbGMUqAGiAwUqrp+PbG4XIDGanXos1vQWnhmVgaUDGYIb6w045HctkTmezRj6HtiVeZ32B3gaccWP4DdzYOGjzlTqVT76H1sSL3RkpNqMSS1sMu27cTsw1FwMONGtI99iaq38Vv9f+pybLCfY5joIM/aIDrak493ZC4oJoc+dToEJTQapnr7eFpUo83X7GUKl4/MeDnZonNpaVML4zPfJGT5cDoCkuFGbxBg3DCrTQrJ0dp6ErQVkYKRSLLEc+12lHmYYJ/C/Dj70IpK7vwGBHb02lzDVJC4i/4ioyUQ80fNODraueGPqX1saog56+1lBcvaLW3i5kbVsGRPhPuHNaoKeYEDQKMbG22BkoBKKj7yoFFCrszrDHxBw37JpVms3NigCZlp5IusLUAWXnptA+mJiWGhjWe35WLO4edlbq5QUPSuNZl66Q896Ax35GV48DuDPN1/EHD8kVzXV2Xjyb3i5ZJQ5hCyTLi7vnQx9AOmrSNXiZMsFviuTwxhYaPbxgqK/s2hb/cVGnJt1pzMLrKU8j4gwZ89KLrNV0SnyaXS4+qByiP/q/dHhQyeNMSbQoR9oc0wT4TOTm6kxUzJO349aVXj15dWtN0+rHeAlOfFQMH8HTDoMHj9i6cWPC66fJ4QVloZfJ3nJJ9cSk5x139C7dPTpco8mE9a1uNKp03aJhWehfm31PElmJcIcevotxoEGBzMuceJee4bRyIISZFNIEaWM/all/M30zDA/PwwvwiVWwp+lKHViaL0UCxDJWYXL1kYRfOMGIZ5SAHRipPMcMbNOwOnGv58KGFYiscfR0J2ZyUFUREKpk5NOAmILWoy9P6jUUjnnm0ADiO58GxHRtv0DAw2zv20e5+86QwfsouIWf6m6WRUygpzKEhGXqkniWXvfZxg4aoy1+ssMJIHQODvEFDWleg/6drQ3U+uo0Jcqa/Efg4FfIvkibY8QYiGUND1NWnzrYeg41U0McbNCz1wiWPobrXNDf+s+TKZAs+Rhza0IWfvvC6LhNu2KzUEHeT6EBkzIHL+M2JGE5Vf/jvP7KxSOErCfs3ChrSq724spJXvwHQsJYouE9mnqcOUKT/ygUwLD2VQ6N/zREato+6+3Gx4q4m9tDA9hoN7dajiWJd+c/vR0sKOoBh6bEaSSdf0CC85xz7/nvotNXOGhpYX8Hwbr2eKzCk+v3ImEeKSZGFRSpf7ecLGj7qJ2RwPtBJ58WBhugWV4LT6wGZKMJyDuuHhsgZU7EKynIdz1aJeYOGCfNuKIB9TXl/PdCQxAYaBOXh3foprtCwx+9H/ptfnQ9bOQpTCm/QQIoVD5vT+IcGc1iA5x1XaNjbd2MT9eseUINFygou87c9cTFwOELWObpZsAYNwTi91sTgALnhZkiAR5NoRwN9jhiuE28uvUHEo5+CHNjKAYYN257wkFbVC87zbNsT7K+QiWbpCEdk8OiNRp0NmcTQS4ACqO386DTA90XIFilswBxzIS1me4L9qUyWD7dqujneMXdWG+VGG3W9MrUASLBIDfKk0wDV+HoJkcGLczRVg9jtCfYddrJ82Jy4JpMgYIMzRrmuiYoNGVVAoQCqEv50GoYKCbOfwgCT9kQCd4gE0DBBfogbwQQ3aNilLTAaC5Bt1pcmGCnTS/50GmZJf87eSdbtCbbQkOySNCf0w2IEDXuadHLjDPJJK1HBSFVl8LZyKSJtkQ7TlRpityfWAQ3k3WQhV2jYW3nZYpH1UJmgPhs70AGNvBNXaFg2/0waSFFKDZFpPNyeyKVtFCcEh9DdZMgPa2dsu+2o5kRKJDNcuiuXye/ephpO3FFgkZIYNk6noVVJOFWfUHYwH4SkDjmyGZ/oJlJqo4Sjn2WHzrBydcVQgFDDl3aX9q98KEIShCloJzWcF5Q0/Ynn6CAkAgJiFgdzcRnJtw3cauyDRsPKal/lDHJI+V3l2lReFCGJUDWRGs6LzvhzBoJOdBASGQdl4dK8S1VB3us859aUsMvrt6z2yMuRwLS69IMp/ClC7g7UEtDQUsd8EDJupOhPLeE+spETLrqvExp22eQ9q1ikqLpZAkFQT7h98QUNzjECGryPmQ9CUiEhI5V5paGDrO1UqIRcoCEltVzet7qlXm5HHh3Uu1pZf/iYp8K0aAPmWJ6O+CTQ2dAgJBU60ph3GkSky1NcFQKm0LA303L9399cCek0kEKRBlnlDR4VIZfqjkThVVQeDw9C6mMc6ALm3PCYkJVplrp3xuWFaGZIjmpOXDLKTj774xM5QQ2E48Tv9z813Nm/gYqQHuV84koDsnKJiDOOAKBqOs34yaSljc1bz5blUkUZTntaz7NjhvRqXJXycwOrLYz1QcNaSapBeSJxpSGZunKJKD2ZADhoZ9yvb4DbvVtbNAep3/GiNfiS3RxDhq6HULJt2gCXy3D5Tkvi1ZhbQDNPR125RHKSCoBixgMKyU2g6EIz9qFGhCHFweAoO8Ty4xK/B1blgxwjxarSECArDYEAHVpQVy6pL1KfCwBlKzdBpeE3c9CRp7lQMkutg44Gg2J20BAkVClXjGz2VThDw9wwAQ1Dk/Qrl2XhlUvqQOKMGih0fqaVhuQqae0FqGyEyHLfm5oaYFdpGCRU3PuMfs4fPuap8J2ZQaUBXblEtBwlQKpkXH4QqTQtzVsvHEW6HKKl10sidtBQacGFGq5cjhRl2MQjNCzXRVUaYiRzcuWyLfL+J9gGQG65mGm9YZ+67Gzz1sZS6X1kG2/6vpAxM+CFhrsyXKjhybeJnC1/SWg439mKjAqe7vYuQGzwljMUd0LbFvlZWTmgiik1pNukUo0G5HqoapDdcCWBDTake4xXD33+90OHVnRf8ggN9yemkCaW2Nm/MJ/QA0mwJu6EtC1ATVZWDehmSg0vuiVSjRRRNhJAjUOnfpTN5CPULMLNJnSp/EGDcGriPrJc+dw5BiN1gtYDSUARd6IyQxuMVD6wMU5HbdhbSgpGKB/fF3YnFimbmE1NBopnwkjVV3OGhvg+AZ+9X0RF+t+f+/CB4oEU71ocUR0sH490NjJJcrKs2RJt6IHttBeW9Ux4pJwh64l/Yj/DBSPVlJrC4sLFkKFimIvFN7Hl0IHp6XsRMw1Hdt/65JP3yim6lJ26Ju5EZQaVwnHcmi0tYQgNgg4VFikJ1ZdVCNUgzc4JIRtomKk/8B2MVKWdR2hI8/mQfxQ9DPwMhxr665YZijsh/uDZ1uMOhZoxNfg0MFKSh5ErCb0+NtCw5fJ1VBKSF2vsZZ8Pfb1vAz/BSA2HZxpiFgBGJ02qqvaIg1vQIMEilQPFd5j1KYQP8NQnnaaem3NQYXSKhhmiCg1v5Cf/9OwZVGq4zZwZOEKDB5pYqqiN/6+rNEcLa8cuOjvWMYwIcggFPzvDbN+k9A4HziHiTp3Oi/OfLXS52VBDibxPlplpWL1q9PAGDdPQxPIg9Ya3w4RFquWa1514ezJqsj0IrITwaANDZtDjkRqh3szZlWPzJ+LHBSEAACAASURBVBZ7u8dZnED2yp7My1ikVozjvEHDBFyEN1F/06CqDEaqay7x9mQURNkB7mniAAx3VMWzvcNDgXNUtySBi4gUtEJgTFiuynosUvWrfTrO0BDXhukxlHoZmaI88iC3rKjwh/7euQTWTX/bEX19q8CVRmsUfyYfoM3a27c/d8NI3XS+DGFEStKeauXi/PyY0sXmNc8YDFiker7rqebtLTUwqwZA4qRgg/CxprTozA/95sdC9rsLbdlwXSgv/wuG0NDh7hoeqrvp3of6Ttz6qN/8gA006OqxSMl6DhhsvEHDO6UUAKmSkgxFXVIYqeG6h+wNKUQqXGn0VDbTboOvLjB0pqjirQj1nTh8hH55IxIa9lquWxwOy/W/WAy8QcMyNLFUU3/TNLO0Ao+Uj4YZyHuhyAP9hRp3fzmmqGY43zChHMIO9JuTFOqcUno/vfXeq5yKxwwxCg23Zf+CghYncfMJpszADRrOqzX/5+1sY5rK0jjOB7ssd8dkM2nShDERXXfdmRjuorF4w9UVasqitpaUN2nLJDCVlovLi4NQhUKtEUotNJDJVLsjOCgEJmPNGEkMjozFiC8zwwYUdHeJSAiazUwQEr/thz3nntPbin2590q9H08akT+35/ye5zzP/6mz2pgQc6XTSpWWYYyqfhHMkJCfgeZP1Cj41k+ssCOwm4K1CL9DEy4PuoRUOZxqMPk8noHsLt2ZOEHD7xtJc6211hjs45O150ClzKrWuSThTyueP1F4lF9LmwMNaez1cnfWsoWm2XLwzNBCwhYLq1R29gndJ/Ha4S2E0WatNYeYKwHtWKU6FkQopQhMVajmeTvRDbM/5a7J4LcaT7icoXsE5GScbqCULzu94Md3hoZIR+EkwdisdarcYILyLjQwNJpVkzEvyd5qtZI8yglMVXiMFjZFL/yTTbvK2eYfZ3BL6qGfwndqlj4lBBrc2R6Pz5ReUBGvV+qjJlJrt+rlIeZKUwQDlTJPXxDe8HiDCExV6OEFDVumYE3O+MfdP4fEid234eXIEP1QADTo3ANQqcrK5nhBw6th0mC3G8hh7izccJyESqnME8KbIDe8QMQOght+qYat6CrkdSghLKGWhK+7XwmABnfN/uLi/ScH4pdp2Jor11vtWoIO0U6uhUopOW+KP8QsMQiZfoNm653MmY9QF7kqbU0PoeafICFcmEK1vb1TH/FmBsn5BhN4pwZMT9LH+DPDu0GDhrV3kWrJ08HSRKu0xW5jyNMioKEVbfDgHfsLr887UXdnFl3Rqii1sEWLZXQ5uzbbJKCgstHt+zd4fG5Bdg+8oQGSYgkaXcPkcldZ/UA7oJQxd4uIo7ABzdqLYpn35js51ZmFzr2KUkW/egtKNJSzT2eRgB3I6fYAofYOuJ2JcdnhN278Xw6DSqE4Xx+Z0tgibbPZzCViyuzIY3i8Fz+82oaGhWc9pStKFK1o6lI9W1JRXt4r5FT70TQClcpuUMcLGh6i0TVWFTdXartcKwVK1YabNBUTGl7iDT75wDVe0DDXtIJKcujqEkWRn92TqnvRO+UScKql6Ex7oVKmhp54QcMDVIhoJ6e5PRda41htdVw9hhBo6MEbfDLh5AUNfrZNanznOXpKofCyiHeh6Ry7wd/uvsUfGj65Y4Lb1Ijp5ql4QcMEKkS0BedK9cFmbatNT0yIaIaYIJIxiPbxTDSg8omLR2ilcumXCIUCsaHhqnv/CHiKa9yp8YKGJVSIqCdeBD0m7OAdsxm4Ff7MkJRUjaPA4ogZ0Te54W43KslxeVuVJdPbUaJhD7v0N66LeDUzhLFoGHN/Bq9xfG7q0R/fDzR8T+pxm1sgrl+PK6rbSDHOzho8lfBYBr/Pe2dRpwYs7DISCphvaHQdxHWYX/L/udWVHrjDe9zNaw8NyLqjHfsk2AP3CbIFXFEtwETo7fg5+ZCC51GINvhxhi1XKt0BQuZmF9rgZ5v4lyd8onkClQLvWE8coIGVKmCEE+xeaMRNSrWEmHkQOH5OLmzl9fE53Ac7YyRguRJbeTndiZQa6uD/K9/QIaUGGk7FCxqmsRGOgQx84C7ayKR6Unim4U8vcfzMFxr8NKpOXTGDUFQFZzKlJBYNIaV68/n/ymWUx7OXVWpHvKDBq8LtaUou0YA7mbW5IqDhLJoYl5xHNPOBBtwmBaBBBUJROQnzDdvpK3jT/5k/NPTcYZUaMZWmxAsahrFPgpG7Txg2r14RkGmYIPLwUcgPGjovYmiQq7SMXN4XoSUhJjRUmoqrkkeS8w7944N4QYMKdeO2qLhUA2674lbCXE5EZAZZRQb68n1GLPBqw5zEdbzfkEApMhfmGx4cuY1A9Mj9sD8rJUyiQXIv3ZMHoGHk0DUBiYZ3goav8HYuVVVzVQkBE6EOEdDgwN/GAxrwLzU6ymL9zzrQVcRrBv4B7ar+0EyDl3+mYb3m11QPeK5XqtcYGrhqPgfuaZdybRCNgRWyXsRRiC9y8jIqkmRzarU/Rk/hPI6f/2k0sCatMLmgFpFpuKT7MI1VKn2toYFTqp6U4u7/Rq6dIbAiBq80aH5jFWEB6AaUipHXWUBXEVm15jqWXJzgy+bEeCUk01BGjf6dVepOWbygwYu382D3/5QqYBzzk/BMg0RRiLet55JHY4uLYzGhgcWrcb3Zxs48dojMNMBJXqxS1KV4QUM/7mnXk4GVo5yJkIjric25KM93jDi/affzxcXzUeo/2C8/i1fjMwYzO/OYvB8h07ApxvP4yTOPz1fl8VC7N/F/dgs5CgPGN1oldxQGTIRyxUzJxnm+Qzmv1m3tm+iLdUkxga4iXmthXrbNKP9FZKYhfWDEV1xc7BvIjhc0bAg4pAVhCkfQUmY4QqIhigl+kh/n+WoUsqRBh7pxMAY3TKOriCta+GpbzcoL8MYCZRpW2ExDTGZAO4DueprHV+XzDNwTwAzvBA2nsXJt8nruk3rsoVYhAhrWK+Fk8aoasv1zi4YqoIrKon9e7cqCtxN6ow1tnl8lJHyKahqyhNQ0fK65uu/ycuryZWpNoSG0/t+P8Yo7+GTt3IpFxFG4kFNYBZQqzFnYlq+jKKooRhB+lw12ZgxGK4pNQVB3SURNww1dauZo6tUPR6k1hYYQpWQB3y8uryBT4xUb4RculKydrIFD2w4o5weroVIdc9ErTidZT4g9WgZdvOV+l5JSRq9ApZ7SAn7pU9QyVOqD4BzjNYeGSRwtB/MK03iljngoAhr+QxyCk10zbkrOX0sHz7UbUaFh3jsElbqi1bI/1Fgqsqahh8rMXE5NXU5dg9rawfCNHtj3C/w1AyuB3INBHlj5TkD07oQeqMn7SZ1kTAeEou7tjgRYLDUsIGQ/xxhQJOoFP665e2YcPEPBMtKN4f4mb+SCFtN37XqWlvbsOvVIwv8RBA04Wg7NNOAVRinGrImG6au8Y8TSur7+kjs3+2MURrxAhGBj9ChdvRTBZjE2NIDg2TOyN37QsA6n1KUqzpkCO4FJzccFMgNLl6UZcCD1SUKdYtFRlZTGIYuab7h15M8QEGqNtShdfYurabgNaxrC/KywzCC5dn3Xrr+mpe16cuJ9QUPCUXRTr8fzoz+1lOYgS+w6cSOkziiIA4WEvDHBQl29vO9wly56OeWX3t6ZgwdnjWjbamEvSWD3RPlTV4eA24mE5gJo07BvWVDzRHRoWGURKlMa8ZgSlBMYdJbIjXjbGhRzVe/PJQoLiRy/LJ/6FQ4W1kQvp2yHPSVZX5sNGFTg8ddMd8KBDh1CssLVBbBRPPOqoA0+OjSsUmqbHH33jNhRYqFCQWqlq+pBhFCDQ04UHiCUc/PVUKllbgRzhOcsPVSelXXRXIdBBYS/Kfn0EOwJqBDQZroZGVpkdgnqTRUEDT8hQG9RHcXF014lXjGXiKhpkEgekxlAKcXul7onbBNW9eaoDohqGpyF5d+Ya7GH35aUxM0iuiduIEOLd+9NBUpti2RSwv4frXJcDOsHSrErbaqi8HtqrK8BAZW68+g8hZS6tymqU2Q9vQKUMpjtOIqHG8CUa6V8ppMObSKOAQ2SsfQ01FP/WBIvaGDv5eEhNIHNlo7nImS3ihkhBU0egFIZhGvDi1LqXz/8UFASvTJiwxKkhv8yRmsQXcR0T3SZRlDHZUHcoIGWt6HYpi/QcZqDVmxo5a3LifDMwHVj7SgFR18G6QQQ/cVo5mgX1RPVLnLQ6/p45849DIptpCov6p5YYbsnNsZkhsTAu7aIbBqepaf+5n1BQ7scBPltBgLdTpxREkaGMNqlLXpSI3JQVGNHUfP3CadB7A+fgvwY5k4dtMvVTwaMf5uRT0OTUJ+GM5oThwEzUPkJawMNb5uKyxwEY5datdguwJ9DMkaCsULtRLoez1uKiizzSe3IGecw1Rz96PR7aVf3MOcQz8bMrE+DU9Dxf1bXNQqYgRLS8xUNGsIo5SS0VqmdwSkZh1zOmAlDG9TOIk6pbfVF0KO4kfoWCvUt5YieanA0QaVwzM5CQ+LmZtanQUjDSKKagmfhF5Q6MV7Q8NsmEuhiM8rv484JuVZF6NuAduQDUdAgeXlPp3sON5Jn7EZCnY0KDTJLU7eLVqqkQWhI3FEPlPJa/s/b2cY0laVxnEmKeK9jsjEkN9kQh2VcSZyGKyG5tWvJjOCUFG1pU1uQAiYUkPJmQaC2Uop1dqCFooshwy6jkFA1oGbIuMuGOKukjBuN7phFd4RVAxZGzIYNaLLf9557T1te+nLbe+rxE6ag/nM8z+88z3P+T1SgZBOPH6JPSV1PvKCBIMqpkq6OJoOKqRcTRlyupsgW4ApHLcQEDUluo/j2NI1Z7JGbKZoOBw2E12R1uSSqyuQANGBLGqDUhvtkJGhIfACoYX5W/Ke4QUO6VN7S0dFCSZlr/VorblCTVFNHcpNclS6IaS27qlyLghTXj1NTUw+mtNfC/piU9NXWGzda4b0BJvrZ0ZHR+DR8tCsPUMOdrd5O6MoTKzKalrtK4DuT9Ak69JGGc8lAu5RgiYZgzLDh/XZqz2NlzWTgtlGUBqtbQdevFmbo0FflK4kYmPmpjE/DjOeToHASNNGQmM1cEOZFot0fDBoS9FKcxEklO3aqDBhkNlE4ReJF/AZR9YivMtAQ0W1pp16hsMNMUROcYt182RmlI2SCs0isFes0O1BAQ/AxJIRCRStFGZlDwqsC1c0W+muSNBKxhUJmfiOBmcUMMxzvVxLhPY+zhszmIVhOKiFZUkiz66NCBpBMBmUjXXcaAmgYDT6vheimaKVk7EO+JQqgdCmO07vKhGGxS4Vh3Vqg09XjlkhvL0cdZoXZ7xDP/kv36fVZUSpl1gGlzKnxg4YrT+n/e7jqJ/hCQN0B7MZJCpfd3R4bNCQGUpZgabsjzFpYcpgdGtI3RoaNu5N6/b7ohEozAaWUQ0lxyzRgwk6cVkrqgc4dJaBgDpSSerDYoIG9qj0TQ6VEb8LqRBALCnMb9LzvkA/CEqPHubEVKSI0ZD8QiWZFuunEuEGDYGUCB847i/CFAHg5YWCUWuQ1U2Kl/D6NDDQ2/BAh+KcsPnkyMuEbI7MaqyPkeF51dV51Xv/Hccs0pCyC0OezwKyizoGuOhD62N/ZmmgIhgxBm6EY189D78R2UN0KzQ17PGazR+obI8MeAn9wepwEFgUzJIJS5KxIVPfPbR8OGhL2m4DBjAo0A9jZlF9Hpcz0dQK/1SY+DAsGXKoMRibV0C7nMf3qhF7hiLagsiNEKAwRt7xGGbB3agvU7TvkUtsoxmsRNi0IhMePj3d6OUxJqIcO8dBwKIZZvElZQzaFO9rvCa5UKHsmYREF7J2czHzALjaxnGsW8lRKY2Hxqq+XwxiqVKmBdYivSYp5TSpsikn+SoXzOXx0jQT2TqCDoZ698Z8ny3+6sp0fNOhgKLRoIkADoDGhDI6RUWCpsSrlVtiGspLiCA0Y5iynlSKV9AeI3Fp4x+hcPyMrFmjIFjewSs2GhwZWqQVSHWqMDEdoSEycfvPmdXZiHKFBIBgB3mqUa00gWIM3/lJcspzCixkEi2X3mUzDVCRoYDyiRsCD2OSO2sD0Ky5//MYpl33aur5dH8cPGui/0hMQ+ihg77TC3vg71OTqcvAuyE+4IUNSUo/43iHWqV8Pu2JCcQO4NJqYa2CXQSVkumKIrfPtgzFD0vqd9uz1mzfTv932IaHBThqaus7XAg9HjX/o52WezJDg1N06fDVj/F1/0Qku/ZPl4CEhKeWLKus6PJ2Xd8YIDSHPLQVee67rXCVJU4PSP8ttD8ZzMUn38fF3llCG0htSYJO5jO95blbsoXDT9pvU29NQn/AaXH2+q8kgcwYmg6tVfIVicjK3aKW03VzGUNlZh/j6tCRUy613p6KGBitZ2g7snWhqCEwG5zQ6NFyAejB74MB8Q8N8OLfiwEHWRlHqWjluJGKHho37KpVWCvWW2lNOlrS3l1BlXkzonwzeG6bmywkamJwMUEr0MrJO9A4Ez+Oo0IbmHKBh794NflzT029RQwNjWtReSramCJZ9k8HJCwKe0LB2TTs1dd/Sd79smcvHV3GgFBndmO1No7E3rF39fRmobaQXZfKWrvNq3BVkMnjE4kRIlzi3LuPQoYzMjHVtY6G4ASBCEXAbWDdGJmpmWDeniuWBmzd/F29ogKZFatlOlNDQ/NjSUJGff/oity6DZpNUXjlhNe9Egwx/synBqN5mpNCwR8WaFoEGP6X/wZeXZyQkhErLX/KBUjZOkxj3GVUGWilFKppAOAmebhQNoT3hR1nToi55Jw0N/gdffJmBWND1D9BKnb3Yxmlu5WQRUGpwCI1Qqe4aWqnHPWih4SEb/9qppyihYe9rUcN3QKkzbi7QgC10yg21rU89GJpNpX+sE+uMdqRbilCw5abzuA0bRQgNL1mlCs5kc9CJIOzlcsNE1cxC7NCw8bnLbfBy4y1aaICmRS10+FsPDfxWSsqTHyzXgVIT3OhjRAr21OoKImjQfltd/W1dBlpoqGKdDUvxlS3QsLk4sdVmKfR2q6nLBKGvUbnxFU5qiGyDGYQ+Sbcw3D1o89bdvNECtk67/y3KyxPd3x3f2RPQl6EddyT0+OvA/IP35bLG08UVBUcoTm7UX/W65o7mvJLYkDDDiRrx+PFb/WIzUmjwmRY14R7MFKgD846FbWca84vzGw+qliISA+BY6/DcyedjUVlHh2GGorrxe+8sEZv9ojvhTdC0qIQcxWAdOFneyVspTHGxgFEqV8iFr3o6gVIXJGiowa3UZtz7yBKx2S86aBiUQ4si2fbt13x14BnemYbEB4UFFcWnC/H6VC7Q4JCMPc95Pmx1IoGGHp12173/apV2pJmGaz7TojKMgHXgTW+dY4KGZ7cLzzJK3eaSacBs4GXO3PDgEhJoeCmanZ/PFOneIoUGldr/lHDN3yy2LOC70qtopSrOFuKc+CNltfWPX375vxuudCTQUFf93Z0vBqrzMlBCwxoJfQypVcGiv1lsJViiIbw14+aj4sdCJvThQ5tf7wbjBu+M631OzqtLNXtiZ4ZAouEXS97AixcDedpf4toIGbAoStifC+vAmoRvetqc+3nVB8jCgoKz+aeO1HP5tMLFODq9tyIpULSJbzFNmJEGUUQFDcR6iyJ/HdhMLDgcToIPNNjxRlqpilMHe7mwrIb1KRqzZqE44G1199hRvVkIT3jC6LcocmJsHZimeQ/hdDgWeCmlwAuAUsVB8sNB+Kp3GFpfISlQ1NSxzwoj/bTooGG9RdFdXx340ZWHd+8+4gcNQCn65MKHOECDkPVryBn+GQU0pD22MBXdSIMoooSG3HUZK1gHrlR5vR5Hm5APNCTqDjJKncbdHKAB+jWcdNlQQEM27MIU/QspNKy3KHLBZjFpytrI5omO0S7pEVqp/FMFFBcOgH4N/2kdQQEN49UD4P3lnUgPMKNrhFzx+xhKBIIJ2CxWBYaELv/507ANDeEH2KSpChmlGqVbTT+2cAPRxlqszUk8CJhh2828Lz6n14u8v36YTIOC/kJFqksr8fodNqvEJTHyKVLYyGPHjjFTKLjMsIDOkEddChTQYOxjuzAjWT3FlmlgLIpAHbjUgPcKNVbJJUnNEo9Y2Hvk14xSZ2VE5OxXFmvodPI5kgt0mrIf9uwMoTzhu32ZBtAqCerApXLctDRDC2XV8OmGrC9klWrMjZyRSXKzNkUn5yR6FCkZ3ThsidajzTTAUChjxlcZStVy8u4/nlZdqpL8/QoPaLhYwCp1RMkBGqAzZM576yQCpeyweTxD50YJDeUQr2rL6IN2EChFyTyep/QxZVUQPDINB08zSh07WMMBGhyXWOPtMasXATS8Zh/GHohk9RQcGkKOW5f7LYo++yxnAq8srSXlc2Otv6d/jQX/jk+/57DceAWj1CncxuHTJujBeqH3e+7rN5kh1mz1HWZdr84MuxqizDT4fAxXBYIVKVlLKyVdeVLVeqPV+jB2ZkgawouZ2FeM9wQzC9uEDT8Ps3tquDtUxTU47QYtTmyzXP+cWdct8e1pqGR7Gijwia80uapyRbNN8irn6PPhwW9iD9w1/vkdHNCj2TeDYtiMAhqKWI+IwxbTzq/D9UNGBw1edhBTcqUUHFILRqmq3uGtufSepkRXL49Y2FnoG/LlDR0C/cELhsKTEgWCAz4L9OyAVWfe53anoTrhl9i8X4ehHtTsnEVS1f+5O/+gJs40jmeAEBLHf/wnf9DOEArpccOUCqNxZcNdpGO0jhCmBKhRHMUflYIgtWIoKzSKCEkMJcOA0JPgpVRBsTOM4zCT1hPQQaFoAwj04DA0InNzcIXx/r257I9gIrub3ewbJPf8Fw0D82zyvp/3+3zf56nujR8xTrr2JRoVjsG8DveQrwwfwIBV1uFxIlMG7omKshJboQJqTdLR+SHZQcNjD0+D61VhRkbLo0GkLW7L/S7zs0j/oSHZPeTrsG9ocJ11dhDD0KwAPlOGfoX7xlmPzgrM06DFkf081rNdXNOesbPYWYtYxncc7yD6K/kFDStDvrJzGHgatEZiWgcSDwAapvAeEds2Q/PzdH5IcmjYFUIeoWfw0mmJ6JrrVUrb0b0nOnddqSp5dehVSdUVsp+I+4ZJM2uHe8hX8gCDdw8Y/4GFScOiX7YkliLKvl/EokkZe/PmL7GU8Qu72xOEp2G/CL2N+r5p596dpt+foGWVuGvwI+riBOXy7G4WTgz5yhSRr9He3HAZl/l2mJ4xkhlImMHTBZl1G4eGpoIX1+n8kByhIS/h6NeV5z8RedgJLiLLeCdnLSelgdgKGSkNJmLaZQ1QpaE4R6PJSdsI6PaEVvT5+cqVpkXEIY2YuVzDSWkgZqqKfRAD6oNEOgilwQBSaegfUqF+SMpvg5xdpvJFn5yr/PrEVh1u9cHr5j5UOGZKA9He3RcxYOaPZUJpsIJUGvqLNZBmqBUQNEQWJhw4V1mC3Z54Pf7uPj4z92dOSgMx5IuF0jANRGlwX1NfwDJVnAdIaZjN3br/0qUvt3r4WcTEIa0D38L9VhqIGTAMlIZy+Dj+G1tigEADrjTU93dDMmigGQw0hOzau/fLykv7Ez6Pe40FZ0oOoVFyJo7sJ76RSH1HM4FXRaI5Bu+eO4ZDg7FbCiCIrofb7mCZGpuneh/LQs5vW0+UVJ474DEcmxjtfX9Lm51SaCBdcjBaWOnmvo84L1Ou0R7coCaUBmMpI2SgLU54KA2yAtQPuT1A0MAzoNd6d3taEGuIQZMdLf7bGi4kYMMJM5l5GsrhcXwcdiMIaCiHPsU8Dan99bduNUD600CgQSzWYh0tPPhAXEo8cZPd/62wFx9OWJR82RcxYC4EM3aANrUAqdS7PQ1nZQ1LS/VQBQU/8+UsM6VG+zSkevKB3USocBw6PKXh38Yi3NPgK1v5uEJqLAaRKEE+3n677GxBw9KmMupyDssrl1db0D4NuR58cBXpwMffmYc5eBoSivDRVUw8DTEjFrxSrwfoaVAUpBb8sLSQRekcZdunAW3vJBIVevQGuUFMfj0Ol3PwNODj0Bh5GsTxCHYsHDengfQ0KL+d2DyzmbpNJEtoCO066kpUQlXKa2b4T9UrDBpeVXX5DQ3S1GwsU+nJciaI0d6BMsN0uwMENDTj7TRmvkUzdVKmmQcDDWEvd7r7NHiN9r5/34XsgxRCA9nZX+K5k0slu/EJxtl1rn+nwYYoz3PnMlzLqA+EhK44Ef7uXcLTUPfZ7T//vUlZsD1A0MD7MC+t3Os0rv03Dg3LCIdbFGpRelHmkWxmtycO5sPT45MmMEIDb0MxtPDdpw022wLeX0oHRmkQi2drtOVeZww1sRV2jHAo1eeIvnJlak+Glcmy13PZPD25bKk2ANkKe3IKPlAs1dtsS/hACivF14Gl0uBa4mu0vV6mxxFChbOo/U9UTG7yF5mZH6O3JxjwlbXFOD05bUR0QDKlU2VtUiyV2WwYZdVTOkdZQkNExODwsFcB9fXM5Yf+Q4O8bs/HmUVfJB9mdHuiF7Esj08bW5yAbk+ULSk2ZaXK7tE6R9lCg1Do1Gq97jo+J+aZ7sB1Pv+goXn3niOZRV8xvD1RA1vQaS/2eEC3J+7MbNs8cXYC7y81AAYaQkJDu9ravP77StUhPMjrE8ygwZGQfSRzX7pojMmb+XPtlulp07GBURDQwB/DMiUjMiUbAwQNYe+8fPLk/bBV0LBlS8prnc8XM0hW7eNzolP7MvedEk3x+RIabsDBIUYPd0xOdsClYiY+eHpmCA9/kaVsWlxs+qyuCfdD/i1Q0EBy7t+BQYPpMpetuxTrn6hjuM9rWxCkOA9Ua6dSFQSpcvApVh9l6cFAw4rU7nGjwsh9KxTOFmP9Exmq6D16BEaK8wRgAus+oKouI6wNFRQALeecqRUVTsshU/Eq9Fxe2BPFaIOwql2ZytcBytR/0RGbOVA9rXOUY8CyEwAAIABJREFUdI4xPTSsNkdeWzVzmTU08Odt6GkzJ5pRnwZxbb4rU3onoD4NhiF0amu/D+coe2h4s+9NPDEufhwvefkHDfy+s65MJQ+MMoIGca8dhpGKeFB9GjQyGdRt20xYG5rBQENISFxoqFcdoqvqKcYMT7koDVJHHSpJjzHb5vlTqvZ2zRwQZkAZBHJlSkPUc05Co4CgYTVEnPknKjRs6YATSYsTJFcZSB76HCZJTxGvfHBDtLYFhke8eptSnogktIYGrE/DA6VSKZMpF7EqxW3ZmkHDj/h06nG4nNPWvbE8rZaFPHDx4oc8YNGoq92gJqwNDUPAoOHNeI6vW5wq9ehYiTQti70tyWoVgAurIc9tbVB4tB32ltzknDNFqHDTyHNOrRpcp00r892hx9oDNFO6JMLaoMjSktc1+dyh4SdzHAoNV5BEDtDgOkLPzc3Teju9CM/5/IYf+y5VhUJn0Hk4R4FBw5tRYcTMGJaRGA7QIOX3zU3J+RJG0IBlKl4oBgQN/NE+R7ODKNjPyPpAQcMqiOjcj0HD/s44DtAg5TvmpphTgKS5GRAyoOHK1LzbOfoDNB8gaAj73dyGCg1/MD8kFRpWdWaUkD/yUcecw+Mlrd4gEKAm9CiPoP7IkjDDqv7R2+/e3f6AsDbcUb5YK2jgGRALqpioD/KCOUoJpaFMHShoEIu1sGly0gTrY/wnhqgowdsOogytyColIwYg0BCjxzOlFXPCq7eYrCgP56hiVTssmkIOS2hItJuvpCxb4J8iOEED37VsM4UGf/sjMXCO3qOatMkdGsQ3Lps7JpctSC+HPg0r6zrDPInpPr+soQF9Sn3E+fkDWXOgoCGkq+rA01dPD5ALDYyh4W2HG69OQvJAQUPYy2NtXSkd5pZBcqHB5yZOFbTYwHBVI/ltsSQzJ94ND/9VSVyiWDulgcfT5SNIS1pwMwNPp1lCmeEWZAiY0iAUl9sRb20p6IhBgE6BxurPC5iULCHBZ+7QIIypGYERe7lYGNR4tdINq4fCCMUdGiIShxEYtj+O4AgNNBvhGkCD2zlar/pjwJQG4Y0KBEbUtcI1hAba8AMaXKdSDeFp6OYHDBpCujqrqqo6yZkhaKDB7RydGJAGDBrCfrPDMPxwkInQIGH3vOnlBt+fV4bMgMZ15R2UGRaVv64hNPB4Fxo38oI8Tquhhe8+WoCKDwYOGlybodMZE9TEgC7gQwWuc2EDpI6SkAtuchCZmnU6xcLgpitBj6pgQXGvweOeyRsZAwANEZFXBwcjI4IcGnSarCXFvXrKeyYgoEEojHfecBcLghUapA5oYmbbzATkCCA0hIbu6qL8iWCBBtw56spUcwCh4Z33BgcTya9bcmMG32UK1szAp5pt+eKBsmnxT3e+l11fU2j4f4gNFSoI0uh/5AUSGoTBTgzYXoj6ITVjcqrvgfztZWqd5cqK+iFV2miKOg4QaIiIjOQ4e2IdQIMgD/VDqtjcTeX2kQpWaODzHRqZTKZx8KWBgwbaCBZokGLOUVl3nzSA0PAe9dAJrszARW5gxQwoNciUSmXW9fA1g4bGmtIK3Wk/dunanNxC7XoqajTm5TWC6ghJOnhRq6/Qif3YBVurXZmKXkfYYHU45iUsm9KxyVRthV7rx4wOcXRaYW5163oCLF2rIYmCGEBAw9VHD58N/+wHNIyO2VI1jvUDDYKovFYD9UecOzTM9pbq05zs//ioJP3h3CHd+oEG1A/ZNwqoIyRZpFzr7Ly2yw9omB+w2brn1xE1jDocfXxp4KDhX3999uwxI6HB+1lL+7pTbQPyQMkN5IASG0vXKPru3ZsB6whJZoOELRY4/wLrLTpftCc9W7Q15y/BokRwXLfEWsRoMcLqWZbEIIiuxjK1u9i6TjZCiYSem7lCw2wpjGaqIoYtXSXlirLT94gy1D2CdRWUCeMKDYn2Y20WMzzMujzRXIdlaueYfL1Ag4+SGFdocNpdy5QZKWf9x+ftFp1KTxb9j7zz+2njyuI4ikQDp8rLyhKSeWhg0yobIQ0qwsidIQ9EopiJPViYGBmwtGCcxYTFYwfZjjG/sgQSzI8WRRRMgoMQW+gqXQlFUSRUdWOaOj9XIiaULHRrNqV+zl+wM3fGQMI4zNjBUDFv1pDc0XfuPfcz554fzo3QQYGGeBpWlUgJg+xuaemOEQX5LmhYxXGaxmF+NfV3EvSQKDT8ZmZWn9n3dHdHw1vLfwkYpQBfCO+FuyErDmaIhkQmCRqueWaLzp5d7rdIzYDUAFuStZkEsOYeBmjIaCXYhMuVYYckYmAuKyrJasAB+g7GBhif3RKvlIt4jaqeaaQeSvTgBlTZEHDN74AYEoeGzBfDp/Pz82fNj6RCg5NsRpUNQRU+FNBwYhElXA56rkl8+FMqPaOUzg0wNHYooKGku5otCNnSXSIRGsZwmu3lRQM4Cw8FNPzPfOtkfv7JW75PhRwN72CGMFBsLy89wPhWJ4z35W6IYWx2Z4YPkudpqPCjyk4rHqkOgzM0X3KbAsdhgIYTA4N8zf5X4ndBzmy5+b4cFGgOPjEkDg18+d2iWd+6FGI4enSKK7Etd+M0VnfwiSFxaHhKvEalnfzPM6VBQ5gveE+TekXkMEBDtGPGZs1+sQ/fznde0utJbegwQMMkX0S6+5ZEaJjDdVxfDhqfTz0M0PDvb9jCTvnLUWTf7mh443DibROwQPJ9OSjYSnLchRzEcUNMa5MQM7xvaDjm4TtO9qOazh+KzqIYiTaMI92Udu9TL3JHRvYZGqJlbH/kat/PvCuL4o1gPi9v4HVQqjfuvXnOjlniKEtsME+C0HCfb/SzjAqsZ+ySRbFNq3bQ8avR9I4uz+9RqbzEjnEShobvhrka0q9R7fvM2FkUb0PDHN/2zAQGPLj30JC3m1J7DQ2bHSfXPBkoh2lG7MNHu8rawQAbew8NhWOhfYaGb1r+zLerQvENO7MoYkGDk297RpEmCOz9lh+JhPYZGoYn/8Uh+wt0Uvh4JqajIUZXWT1thzeCDxPkhhjmJhLJSowZ3jc0fMi1uGSgQZOScq0JQDEwIhUaDNAV3zY+4rA6Yo2We8NbtxlncdGhBXC6DgQ0FLHQ0GoEUFlzRIX/T0S7zEJpKcR5WD9VYXXEstvZddFYPdatYVUBGDVx7H97Aw0ZrjMA2pjVsN7Uahs02BXxRvFbrO2nYinl3Rard68SB6j1xg8M7xEaShhouPmCmePFDzIlQkMz5YwPGjJarVZNrMjFPO9E3ea9qR4MsJ6uPYCGmY/EXs/8P6JrzfPFRzOLwnNc8GrabEUv1yt3hYbtbYw3x/7i6uJiq8Azcd22w6tbpR3D8wB4VeTAQENJNwbQOCoNGtykHA/GWchxYy4Ykzci4fDYpgdjlTELqrnCbYWo9xcannrYOf6LsKMhZit6Wgdvl0bYnRvQ3MtzWC1TsQzO2Gp4aw5tOBmlzv16kKAhxcK1qV4mulK8WEO1rUZRLIoacrUUfzxhaob4ukhUYJgawyyC965YPQThc3FJHbk9QJlMNFh574jXUvZE87eUkWsjSYSGdR/ndH9N/JLeDvUttnLMmCMmYTCPn2PMV6EJ4oqFzK4EhRpTOIR3yQGCIDwabtRTRtxtKtUD/6d5mieMUnlZY4FI4nZLtFKv+H6Ea56cdCs0sko1nRCTW9nFg6gddHYsvr2piVEKVMKZfxM+RqlK/t69YqQUFv3pqix7MpF9dKouTwpiJQgND82nkdka9d3MbMIabbZGeC4KGqL9eClcTg3FBQ2vjKBWg1bwFOi4hll8xAB/r0tF2k12UsH/nGovK7N4jx/v6spOGBok4JX5JGfgF9M+NWLltpZ6cIgauALT8ccTcnphy3gfj3FtZ4boSypmlTrzVOidhJaaps3Tc1y0xCermL7UZMe1ET7EfqlKGQykhgKBUPKg4U+TfLuqmltHStSKGlt1AzYpChqqeBAlKTkZV4vr1LAK1AqYF4yICAWnGaWCfG7GEjBKuXE+eCI1EFRWLQU+KQyMpSYRGgZvcW1fzN+lPVSpq23ValWXgKNhhyn42KnnXcd2Ofywc4sWEeCwpMAYpcq2pXJvjRIJMkJNRyOc54A2mSgY56jh17vnCgp++PqDz/7x9X5Cg5dYYZihyD9w7KK2vkMmk7Wpy8SVbUYWXqfHGQPPuQRypeVtOqCmV9ZbA0INpkZ8/pWzRWsE18L7KreZ2DmPxrEK5aV/Xlf21ALA9LWkQUO6C7kalvstGTNYOSOU7DJmEVVioBKF9zWTejml4qbJcWnpl5VYdYesrRxcQimBHv/K+eVZgvvwsmBoM3FjyKOR90R56fpPBQtsk56FsaRBQ3ofClpbHm5Pvw/VrFI2cImqxlCLwvsMOCWn+YOcbGkH77WKFkapRkzIgTBBDC6fXx70cPfK0FBymnsjU5XKL69fUvY40ZeieKdMooGQz/vZj53XjNl6BjZWqWp4JAYaQlrUudjEmC2S/34OSYKG9WJ1JzODG1RCFKshZpfPr/j5jqFG1E5apz/DzbeyC19eP6ds0rKutuykQcNNj59V6rb5UdoidplVqhwT5bW7h8L75KVg0kUPckIsNOw6iaPM8FjVwIzXqS7+VOCdLLE9odeGOedCSIWGaubfSFhZcOcOs/pUjFLBrKR5Gm5321hm6Oy+faRb0cYI1VGvOC0GGgKAYq/cYGiGDW4zz5L0/R/A6ttkHTbFGYF/lRU0s0qZOedCBENfnAbOo5G6UfATo9TCAg4wtJE8aPjNjNrST3oepxkbehmlehuMQtDwdnTBx9+jHAAdDc0muMtXSpDEDatQzijVglVlvckL6P3Pmdd+/nnWHESkGUBDMQv9JV/F6e9fffX55+OMQR/6fv+gIaWd8K/N9vtupLQCWoyyakxU+uXFHtDbKRw3NJOIMq64ymqb2sVHNxxToZ1XVq4SKPXg6i/iunVfYX/V8i5GshIhhJKtF/0Hmiw1lOrxrmRBQ8Z6BeGfHSQGXqX3Yb3co2szxBQlyjMCbaeAbDbgFmR3+6rmm1wSajFhaOeVNRYL3LT0n2evWQ86oeDdPzpuoL4LbJ37O3rSZLCTqrFkQUNGziIxyChlyUmvVHegR683iqrfNFWMUXYa9DoTB0heS9V8z4R4pbzcztvR0CTgrhnwI6X8A+zYeZidPwlBA1lRveg7ej2jFD5UmJokaEh76hsenfWbX9xMM9YjoWRqj6jsiYAKp+x6oBmSRukT4bn58TKvaGjIcHGLvVfxRGC+emaRUv0V290/JqhDTi9UL/pbklHKjddmJwsa0h56GKVuEQ8yM7Wc3ejFLKJGnsBwN6MUJaeA3dpDq3Pz83MB8dCwqECLvQ0e7HwnYywzMJd5Y7v7x44GinBVkEtJ2mCgoCp5KZej3TWdndXdk0dKsBqk1GWYFJVyuQSk202CXUer2HCDwtUqaWUblNxi74SwQCOJ6TVOqVX2V5B3/1Aqli8CSKn/unG3wURDMGnQ8MdnRP/o6DDxKO0hZzeYj5v7uzMDs3dfYLY+N85wKDmEyji/LBgfP/eZeGxwcou9GgRs8uo0EmptGp16Rd0/eif7n95F9aL/Q+F2g0kPL/cPGnK7+gYGNAwn9Clk/BwTtxHnaoyAuKGYhYwbZeNuN0VqRX/6e3lGaYOd3TUvco03o+GZWv4MiTKysFF5ne0x8W0pZUDfP8mr07DeavEtXmX+QWWDjJ9jM6LKGGY7ipFSmJE9bZ+o+ovbTZNO0ScVDp5RbLDzXPmeZw0Z+GWC3TFO8ekHcj0bRxhR/pU1WyY7xSadkQtJ8zSk51xd9C22rqenGxs5pWpU4io+5lVoAadLaehh/0ajREoZ/8/c+f80lWUBHN1MBu9gsiEkJiW7q+5KYqI8waQNPpiZ3W5g+16gNBRKWr8kUJ2ChbZ2FaQiQlYcVsBGY1QqihOnOHWixkYN2Y4xWzV1Bk0U6hdCd4fJ2PSXnWT9C/Z+6wPsK962WvYaoi+P19rz+s75nC/3HOYqvMnqAvo0JpY19JW/wpJ6VY6k2EwVvEJEpqevLB9awn8LTryVivdnDRpyS59MdT/7/kJuroYo+II6NVtzpxG/BmBuwO5zOOCCkuKPJTXia9+ykm2UUep06xLWHFFb//J5Y/AoSgtN9CCKzuF5SyWC04VTk+F1jKsiU2jI/eGJp/v5o8LcUrCf/Nd3M9bK9jXyRFLIsk+HqqCaMvCTa1ihobKOvl1T4j2J7iGSOoGZIMQraMYWcVwUz1tqF1xOHOiYyxo0rLx2iQyeOEc1bIHyKltzpzno64sup8gjq1/hRwrdIIaZsxOUUQqqTTJAcopIaggnPkyGeEkOCjyE8TSOW4JWwIGOkaxBQ+Gj592eh49zc58AomGP0Ijo2qTJCVqReK8TABFyg4g6Kl1RWbCk7rFGG0YooxzhQokn/WNEUqfC6ChAC02cPHpJ63U8AVvQIo538NuWDRrmQw6SbWLefdk/rAS6esQMqyerBKNeYTTwrBcPSDeqJuHcroXlmTk5lVRyjiaUucCDqf4r2Fxm/LXryxY04Jl3a9Dcu2HJNv3E2vi4uZYDlfVIp0+YLEhSZlHHWhRZL9Fcoit5mZrCL8qRQ76e+s8KsREqajJQr12wIbyCeiuWNWgg0oI/Xsk2MbeIvtgGgLoH/VqfySnY9HpBVLM6tPM0lyjbwfIvKF41492dZhqTQb0zLpb9EastG8IrhUsznTVokFZS25QEGoqgWVID1IkHxRlUTrNNoXfybclDDYtXE6W57UoZX4eawoh3BCXqaR2vDaC3imIFf9ZsRHilcHRm9pVKRVKo2Tb6uUDjbgXVjcxNITugjsedeIqiVVhSLmBnhQZdMpqD9yRuCn1t07jlj56aQugkFoWwpK6bzTjoL5ZlDxrQ7ImVG1f+6ppkmxZBw80NydfTBg3gqjajf3ZZkKRsDvBgA+OSaK4q8Zz1lM/ni/h8l1ToSCXGt7Tgo7O/wCUYBRz0562s7/c0M2j4/XwL6buSAzvwdhnkuiQ7H7dZRcCTYQ9WixOZPkc8VfFObgjGaa5aBhpMJyhe4XMBilcuDcpO4EADlJRTwA/kzPJDQz+IR8FTuYrmI5rvO7HrJvC1jBeOSiGhRLO/ZZhEGv5UjqMQrWQHsQ0cxNDwHwgNNwQ9hga9DHJ88NkTh6QoeAqjEuJ1DDUBwUYemFZGnVcj5Y0mZELJEeo/Y6Bow/lnqLZm4ZedQMMtQY+hwZips5OOpHrAYRIFt6chqY4qQU+yrKy5nPp43kizVgav3mBJvenGIR7aZkTApamzKmIKCTSYM8KrNKFhKlkUfKnZE9OUbvwWLCm9Awyy4lU8byRj9uOh5BNtFThTr6XNMyok//k6hQYnnz1okFZbC42Cp5C3+nj9Ojpj0oJh0WYAPzNCQ9K8Ebwncbwaq8UVbCT/rHDg0lQCDWYjgQZtZzahgdZEtsSj4Iu6Q94sYVntkBlw2MTAt5ewLT6eN6pKPDd++yu8juJzLymyi250ZBn/B1yCDUODwmBhfLuS9gyhYUHFTDxVrty0dHZi0c7H35K/vq0ips9MchUM2FBBuffwgk3A0goNke/UHhxpeECQHaIUggbVWZSdEGwYGhRiw/JDQ04jt/9IwZd17GZ4YdzgPAmMGw0c6zQKUnxypEUuwTBQ/gJBg8+Dx0+d0RjgbTGKlfhjtXZBaCgWzFjB22SSGx8cGtY0KSE1oHq7NGYrHbfQHLFBx6rw4hWqcn5kx6kXOFPfiC1tM+eAUjHzaqIhUa7wcygpfdz/yTY0bCL1druVl9MYQzVJJSWITczVH6RCVWmXOWkn1R9DrZTEoFT0AleLapdHcCLnrCC4CM5lP9JQGK+305WmAA1FdOhRmZNm03lW77uZeAi9IJz4otOmoQVq66MQcEJJOUkeJKgqwdDgxArepcs+NBQ+4vZCEt2n3JnSFwoLsCimcpK4iQscZ4SGpBWq8J7E2nAsObJnljiJALKbXktMAUnkmM0urBgdgWWAhq9A3Zeo3u7oysXQkJdsbYZ/6DrtppLSgq48tqUiFao7wI3EczPqS+d8586NqU/iQzcPH22bA+CjBsvncAlGHHRXiOcZ3y6vOCNoWBBoyC18joryj2wHrQnZiXePjLpDiB19HLnxD3LYYCIVqnvlQpoU2X0ozLdhw1ONaESMy+OYRtc4hgYj9gL1XNf/ATSsrgXKFo7rSefaAargjQ7Aug9yVFO9vXd7tVKuCuKT1vLIi1cnuikR/F0HRBGo+0lQw3T66z9/7XQ4SSnN6uxDw6pvmkB1C1Cm1d+xQ4IG5l2FF7mW/b07qnVyVRATjacir94M0T0BH89qkKQCpJQvqmpHBUYOorY6P8o+NKz6UY0kpRtMp/ug3UVMoWDoZBYu2A0lpVTLVUFc9gxFXkWGPFSKHTwQeVBWgdVCGNnCEpcDB68yq/5I03/OfaRDO/sqH6cz5bLMRRS8U2xjJjKwd19vHReQ46M575Av4ttTG4vv+uKhpGihhx/ZwltaB1Zb7NUf7zHSUHhXCVqqwc7UWp4QAVYEqKRcvJ0RGi54uTq0F9ZTKHNPZr1DkciJPf4KGseAkgI8Ya1p/0soqbNa6tuEsw8NKzde4rgWJbj9KSs0LFgQGkiDSC2wshpxN7ejd99uoJI5l29VHxgbu3pblU9/FUuqAR/cOD8OocHsoL7NySxBw+JtTND0KYF9zZKBBvkWS3fcxF+2yeQnkmBDTKfc0bu/hZuVix6GvGORyJg3TN7vihspdM0dGtS4/stnn5kd1Le5spzQsGXQbq9Bxne0frjjb+kwQ06/moTmnA7mSEPOaC0HwDH5GohPDnq6u1ulxMVfB+z2wfiIi4HasoaGANDi3GQHPLkla9DwU83w8MAfVq1aM2if7EivS94g/Y65DJXs1zQBwNXKV05OHO8uP9baF+8oNh31+6U8RLhM9VLlRp6iTYtS0tPZg4ZNPcP2Q/AZvHlxcjLNAZ81bjNRW8yRBngN6ro1KXtn1l6u7y7vrpekuDXsDwWlJ1WFJSWg3CQfzERSKZvCH557ph4h6/TEM3X3QlqjscPYhsObzE8yS6qnEm0FlP2cRcGQ19sWjs3vHPeHYtKOMNXLlyoReYpGgybGKqn3Ag2Pn3meIagqfeiZOpQihlIB+omkjFrQwQgNSbtu4Xsy5/d6TVFpu00w5JdGiI0QSSFP0Sy6pzOTVGrQsPHagaNX4SUb/3L16IG3J1exQUP+eUw7CrODOdKQV1zFA6BrkH+9roBaHWjIjx+fVFVZi+OAct4yPm7hDUaFXuDdK/JW5GcNGgq/n/I8hF/D3/1cP1z/46qlyyBlmeH1NosL45UgH2mQxYaYCZq+gHy+eDpq8nprZ+eLLq3WGbqj8zd3VFVQUsCBCphQC+vXr5cLGvqJN5heh6Y4d7QaoBrRC1q+MYWrvhv9Lum5Xf1ncpLQwJmBnoOjyFME3PEtqOVg22B2oOGfOuTjVPatzaBt/3oTyrVASXGtKVw1sUQj3624cfSC7b5F83W60XA06AdQUnx0OuQG3P1gdqBhgHqDmUhqaxPKteidDnAwJUmtX+LcRLKOj0EkqfvI/9HMVYQ0gDeNZAcaHmJv0Fua4mjsxeXYnUjD21wOkMrIjpElWh7HRiqSDnYOh2eDAcDzwB2M+ZVA449lBRqoN+ghXPXr9KAh6EYa3uYycN+wQgPEhsePC5Pek0WSKlokqTkkqU4kqc5Y0MQDHcs05fcADZ8exSFjXP6ISiLTgYa8LgMKNRi1BjGfFRryNuefvrEiKYbcmEn2SsVdVmtXl4glVXwStUC05n9gaCDMULoTmj5O+STZrKp3MwNcDwzIDTRrxc4l7Pbb3FAxkvypmUZPphTWWDS88sq9Bw/uzCDTB1Sv0R4O98yyQMMunHc+vFvZn1GT5iZR+z/izv+ljTSP47WHtjxrf8kvB12uTXOn0LJnmgqO08GtYnEuCZrIasZLag+qC2mbGsdcUZMuXr1upVWOEAg368XKHW4VzjZScYvoVrm0kNu690NPF1GhK1TJLx7kP7h55lvSNpM8yczE5zfF2viOPs9rns/78/74bLTVLH6XExMTfzii5fp+sH3w3vkOQFt8FBgqBjS84+rOf77eqiiJf3EAKkURTeJ3qR6eMhxTtrInGCY24vt168vAZvFZM16JqQ4N/yqo7vzh1cBwqzUAlboqyrM4PJX7G+qR5DqT0SEwHo/vryeChM0SsNbEigANn74Q6s63lEBD5Y6Vgl1fQOpCZJVCPUcLW7F4fAemRQQsAaJ1vBjQ8BPo/BOsO7/hFSkMGko3oFI0BdpFf9K7h+9yQUNB70mq2BOP75buElYf+5wwUFcMaPiaM6d1gswjqxChQYcRUCkrEG8OSrbCVeVaLp0Dw8LlDsAqRYMBXRGg4dOrgjntzunMYyeQoGFv2UrDo0+qTuzNzl7MOyjyowipLCOwT205/DNlDkBZLBTwHAY0SDkvvcpGSvXWAACuTYj1hA6Xq6NF80lWD/hkggC4XwRo6BUc7kZlI67P2QlWqVvCQ++5ITuOd0zqlQADyvYV55IJ2miirgjQMNJcgMM9A1/B1E9jxzmxEOPCXWtjyvkqh1wuwstFIAaLAQ2NvMP9NvhRyQFVGYOpnzViROPUDVap3i4toUEY0M1HIC4XARpEh3tnzQUl0FC6G2SVMo8KOQ0PoVLtP2sJDZy31MwleDoRTCAq5DSIbXDNZxVAQ3mJwwqVEpkhRLrdbmyuXOM1B2x8/5dHU2jgLxp+ENvgHiu4aIAGRahUUGSGVYwksVeZsaFCMTJIa5Zv1rGA1UOAhlTOi8ID/MTYA9GgcL4fDz95Esb7/6gxNAhhkW1Er+bQoNeneukVHlzVky3ig6ChFw8nkyF8SFNiKC09I3TOoViyFEKDXv9M7KW/3qFQqcWWFrGrF3xTAAAgAElEQVSisLjmmUvq/K5JTYkBNkT50jJ6NIaGH6Ve+p8UQUNl6fjOjnh1NWVnlTpwuLo0hoaY0DlnAePaQ0Oql/6FImhgX/bO7jqfdfXL4RHHwZMDj/1njaFhX8gSCxDrmkPD2b8Ljcd3wVMl0MBiQ8gREqsNfvc0s8S4ySqNoQETwi5ocxGg4b9S4M5nCqABdn9ubi6YTPyHW2R0e5shPafKygq7bqhAm2kphl1QkUOABinnxazeWf6QS2C6nHQNawwNNeLAscfaQgMXMpDKeTmm2prEkzCXd841pSExcE3kwlRSyqUpNHBCGaSclxH1lBriop4bQvZqba9kdsWppERce2j4N7grxAC8UXxAScMn2j1QqAb/mkFbaNiXppLuFPYrhT7l8vTpllRqH/zw2Zn81gfBQPwn1+e5MIXazbj4Zan4q2c5VwX68ljFsMjfFhZZlM9Nwz+lMLhvlEFD+gEdicK+yHq3R2NoiEhTSXUaQoPQb/nVR9G+8slOFbLEUMKucp1OB7MjyspmSBimcGmbXJV3N1RkJQbEMdhBW1ruU7Gh4S/SfADEC4U7g3dylR2GHJe55ejXGBrMAQEabmkIDWIs0TUx5wUxwLZ6sD9n2WHNz23wDZ5BDYmB27WFhGnrvHbQIOU35Tkf4Nji4FCusoPBHuKEWsEnNb2SYZ+fnUJu8ob20HChRpwP8B80aBjf2IjlgIZF1xynVBLv0hoavMqgoVqPvoYFEO0DXfDD3C8+trE/LtctJ2zbfPxZbW0PnkAZFfqBfBXI2f9lDkLMTZ4pZIPPDxr+IYXB/Q4JGkpCHkeuCwQ/l6VQXx+N6DRlhhIRGnygREtoEGwy0hCh3yBdNOytvtq6mAEZUstk2iQvcSvqyeqKzAgO6MRQVvarIC0MVwgeAjRMgE7+jxEt1GnQDABozfq19x+uhXhoCPWqjgnfT9xPq3l0WNvavN42PixSE2hICzJs4fetK2i5e/ob0LrQNJnV6tflCvPQ4BhV/QhMxNJvjZepk6xS7La1qxE0pCc+thvv5jGJ0NBhZJVqHM72JcOTeJWg1KDqwJBIHx0OIxChUgiX7ip0T3wlTCI0P0KBhrqXrFBgOZEFGs4Nt7xM8krlwKtCoOG9IesJwnfSyyoVqCnw0j2vO6NrzfwkwkakFz/eCJXC62SeE+GWXRfj8y1ra99iMbWhYW8m3Qw3C7o5pejCNvj8oOFssxAG9x2SETIEN3RAZoOBuRAmQAPjVt3VoAunGywdLLKzG/pJ64CG5Qkx2Ol1hnHFWaBhFSpF+NOZ4X1kKNGxSlmWliA0LGDZ32fhYikNF3ISw6nZ2bSahx+0QaX4sMiit1y2gy9v9900jiDFHQzCfAQnDR7IlyZuuPDIwMHly0ndin9U9ZYJu8u1luqwnDBSNnZZWz/RBBrejz7W28HNvts3AVozfC8IeGFCpjxhjK3h+ECkpKGhvGrFM6TyQ3MijmN4KrKhdAdApWhioFQDaPgwItpw1fhF3+0vQT/SD3TL6IPDOMyyFRrDZAeOB0n2LNTp8r1pyKlWZQwqFU89v28AGiplxEuLAA2vm2o6+65cN75AqZ+vDxAWOIwj8xxOeOAZBu34y6BnpWFFp0viYypDQ2weKpXChnleKRAvLQI0DJubWaWazV0IL74y0Wrthl3/y2fkoKFuA8fI4CZLDKa3JnxcXWjYe+4hSTLNDBch4DaFMplQBWj4xth8pa+zpvkpCjSECaobdv3LBzFWYW53kILliaWlaERtU4ODdLsjqQ5LnVlQKqQlNByX4j6v3+77wtiY29LAvtnPAc0CTQD45ZihPMwrtbS0VL8dxZAuDJBogUeGLWiwXJWSGWYIK3f0ETOHAQ1HWlgqb0LzLJ4Q/HR0kxxiPLQ7kr8PuyOhqMXiC7aoywyf9OJzT5Ihl4Qs5zsom8Vio3rPqw8NHw9L0I82wWlKiJHGnN2ijZJ1TU66/MmVBTe50A2VmlT3mj3hwnremjZxiRrWl6kAVGpDdWjINFTCcKMVgKtoP9MYXzlpk89AHsRDyZVNGwaVCgxMqXsjE8M3TVApiRoSA6xSPltwpxjQcPz132oAePwDkulO8NPJmFnPwF9QPJxcibJKWVilGqvVhYZdqFQP5pKoYTxI+yw+OrhbDGg4NmU3piLOcrz4OOEVhrDIQMP6PPv38XbatsmwStmWS9WFhlUyWg/NcBI1PKd4pWaKAA0sNXwHgPFrmX/zATRE+HE1FhCWjWxyM/WMj552stsUHVG5HOFxs2ds1I1J1OCwsht6gApWaQcNaWGQL2AY3JvPcjdcsm92kBLMrBdl7hm2IiSrVMA2DTd02lGm6tpzkAw0WL5K1bx4pZZPHVKM9L2/oqUqHrkjlDGdstMle+FoiG8XAlS3t9tGmCdUhYYH+BNY9Qjb70mOy4Mehpk7QHBc5gcNMrMS9Iuo6bWjwsx4C1iU67yERfoVxkazStEEytDLPHwMG3y5dtMl3hzvYKYFhunpwcdVhYbMY6jYTxkWUY+ENXHmXY1MEWeRq+EkGZp2ei00uGpQk68qRTOc5PXYx0wMw5gW8LpiQMPx449eX0B06osz7zJHgrMHXhd+AJWKUjZWKQqMqAoN6y5eKUxCljin1KXN+WKUJyCKLp5DfPGtgkuMwmWgYYef8T1NBZxOHyWGZKsEDRdFM5x4sbDnma6PRpntaUcxoOEXR49+/vTzo2cRoKFEJ0zZaiMwuasArjLB+Cif1xmwAnWdkGEWSOAVhtsvOS6nGaeTWUJwXBYKDb9+L0H6wutHaMlOs4KV3AteZWaGcr6GwwQoi9dps8qEShe6npP1XNWDFGMnZ0hmCf5OkauHBA3olxLgpOASk6lPTPB9Ew0+K22z+bzWW6r+94JX4lv8Tv6OyzygQa8kyFCsTkiGaZla/RjOdQPoAvCWyeLNmQCcl/OxjhvBBKu14lOgcDbWYvvqQYNeDaGOjUiGaRkaaMG5Er3JBpXqdoJRNGJArNLjJk4XEzYuno0LgnQ7xYEGhCVAw4BkmJaBhn4Hp9QCzSoV6O7OHpORLzTsSrZBgaYS0i9ZrDjQoEd+8YTYVbUsAw3CnwNDU6xSTp/oX1EHGlbJ/3FmOAbbEychbl/it/wiGCFFcDiKctMwJ3VVReTypPm+iW7q/8Sdf0xTWRbHp5sgm+f4D39ixkB3MVmTpRAij/IeM2onNO0zFJLCY1pjopBAmo71bWcFWptmGx0zFkaiaUQsKyY4EIcVsqQhjTi6yzpDRnaSyTDLDyFuN6vhH00089dm/9j765W+V5h3X23Z6z/kQWs53HvP555z7vdAS/kcXF7zE15SKzHO6q+4zBkaslaXNjRUVOyZTd+qwvkJNTMYKjEAHbFj1ycKz/MJDW3jaAa9GpdDDWsUFZdkfF8gaHjQ39d0WTvc0EFKyzsZRZ+pvT0WW28UakJHzHegE5/2S3aXDzoC2L+q/2NbS/tlfR9oJOrpU/8a+5pfEkaQ6x499BWXtNCg5QiTTeE+igh5D5ljqkhD0tNos/QA71h2C7vChF/qdDmBI6iFD/tO2loWx3QRw8HUwswL9VFvk60mjCB7PuIK61bypNNAAQxjfVSWWsSdz4ErVL56scV2sg/+H2HkCu8MEUtJsBTOCGZcoyepD69SMzPr6u/IFfR1BK8ObhKKqPO+2C1o2P/3777+6ok2NPxt+0jDvNtmm1uHDs+D7+JMBR0uaCkR9q+qae0Fa/OQLmhYWs/oYJKWnUyXDQ6TYhCV6QoODWCBdITDt2q0oUG+jya4FdAwGxeEOXgCrCDLoTMYdLnk1lubM2DGhY26oKF+zduW1XJgDW/wgBHq5WMifvDUOrlL0PCL39y4ffvG+5rQUMJtH2loG+SEeAwd/YkrBGwFtcpRqCEWF7jBNoMuPqj0WrO1odhxwghWFTRQVFzmCA2/UkPDf8+H+/76a82Shgly/8yHC1MIM5SUeIGlrNPgy1j3fRQ1sTv80FIuZgX+5ecEIa4z5jAR8Aay4NI7RBhBDlY9JpNsSLN4oqJA0BC5yY8O8K0PNHUfW/BFD1HR0PqCxST5HabG6+lIwxk/7nfig2kMDyP6g4LpMz1CUc2wDUCtqiSiqj2GGcEsv1eURBoCrXmBBgpP2BTiBwb4qObWUsOhfcupbDw41sI5/BJz8hBUaHiIoQF1dwMYliwuuwQtxdX26zg1N8zhhgmakQYCDWw+oIEmxFAWDvGjfCis+YMRHCH1cYqG1v21XNAvMpfKYEkDdoV+RzqNcegkA2Yct03jz53xargXNowbnFdDQ7XyuLxkTqh4q9DQ8Md/8NduX+O/2q8FDev4WOhS1jS8YARoqRkADVEcaegMYk/gAHiVbDTBGWdJ6oCG+RbYAbR3c6dIw6Ycaaje3UhDcY0HLj7Y0lWrpoEhNQ2pTGiAEsVBAYaX5UiDHXeuRmmMeRtam6eNOqDhEeqVGlfJ/8mHwP9jpOHeuYsnTly8eE+7pgFXf/gVDa0NcbQRmQLpSANwhTgkIQC4CJjQ2ozroQavCVlKFT/wEmgYz4IG7YrLXKFBLZWCXN/n/9ZUacD6p6UO7kAGNFQOoo2Iu5qONAz5UefqUiczXl39GKxNMOMCeooXvIxJYBh1Iss7hefUVqSBHhoaCgINI6ErXcePrw60asYazjOwWEE0KdpbXUITD+UiqlBNw4cx3L4TrNoR8BLcxdp0nf4DtZvsqDXjeVV2xPwRfPeXblk1OoKLHP5k7nh7aKAKtvfzd7u6ujZ47XsBUQam4AWbIjthEXxITnZRrmk4mpBIf1CTEbwE9WYWbUbqOHu5BbWmFznVvr2AN8WtxPwLvOVXa2/wWtBAmZRo4jeQpbQbiC8yMAUvNGb6tUNYeLcT5iLG8L3UKZH0B22B0QkXmnEW+hROQwtsOIhbM2aOdE3DUrochJhuc3egYf/X194cPvyXG/y3WtBQPmcK+nx+rjczsDRscuBdf12uaTjaKeINXjpdXHwazTgfd4keGoZrRdSasVcZv5JpamVBZbqEe5dqGso811a7upavhCJatycaejm/zxdkzJlXLmcZtCk5mEm5pqHOL7rkiET5IJ5xtNoi5bigHoZTOZUo34Q1gULJ6aq15+wUbSg5P9Dw/rkTP5069dOJbaohVdAwLQgwBa9saO1Fp2qnBHMROINwPyj5sCtk363kJCeKoeqob2hDXYn9jFV13zO7poFaRSo3aFAzw5PQ6PKxY8sDn/9Low5yzyQHXJ9LwiUNckUDi9X5RVsJ+BpbyoGsA87LAUMCi2IH9dQ3tMGuxM4g81gpy/AIc+cRK3mr9yblSaZ1I6eiqDDQEB44DsdqSLtusR9egLYofPR1Erixww4Ql5sDr++8bsPnbBSR+FiWem6l/jyfkncUVYJTFxbbXn/4Ucyc7k+1z2N+eefOS7Nn31tCA216/uxoFxwbIe26xXALbMYRUV4UwLt5sLYGhhoCr4++ZHF80CmAXb1Rlnruoy5jIIdPp2BWp+pXquueJbZOyw0z8Eh9htW+Hvez0EBdxmC8eRdZ6spNzZNbWastoxkHMR7J7jhgA/Gw+erDo9NW/KvCiEQNCap2ZkpmaBjrR/yOTrXQY8q88qzuWcY9k003Nt2Lot2Bhif8vcNwjP6wX0unYWmGYxjOrajQnCHZHXEOWtIce/hwOo5/VRcTLo6QleTPlszY0VrkHV2MygLrbAJZaj7j4skzxSQrMDRE+FU0pwaimgUZDWYTsFQaBBE0zAlkI/Li2xPgow9yTjkisS5LPduM1NAQF8g0VDmFx9ahVx8cGWcntsrYpp5+8HRKOzuRJ2i4cREwAxgXb2vqNKzBZhyCVxE1IMJBKBeBbk/cnxKFUjki4SVrUxqkvyVhk0qzAxrgOQupIVOeuq0bUMPQeHytMNCQlZz47to3x8BY5s9rQcOeSdjgxbaWWdFQyQVJ5VrAYIjFx4GlxgXs7xxcpSFO1qYwR80M9eQdHaqSiANeAAmvEta29OMAnGSJcbZe61JnYaBh380NBA3HB2iuSF7uH9n+SoUT6UNFzsJuOe1M0Fnqk2CowEYv9SyPqEkSJbsTrEZVI6rrHrfZ3Nz0SUY1RTN40PPgnbeBBmpPWJYMvUHbVhdPcZ2wrP+WKnwe5eTqSOjsoPqA++wXUKXAJXIdxcl0UVI7deGjWwCWAi/zc2r1gRmWZd3rSuEG1vzjUu7QoKvusYNfRoZa5inaNRtvqS3VLsoaesDZGZvAH9ntsXB2pOeQBPDlIkVJUWq8sgBLwcCho1fVtiHlhpbKyO8MQ9OZKZhhe2jQI44Mx7f8N2i84f+504/8+Ux6rKwkziiGrAzn54ANoPoAa16wCZ0oVNBQniH1rKGsvDUEURRhdlGMq74Bb4pb2Qwl5N+iB2vaOsrf5wUa/jOAF9/dkFFzaRzcXE81KDd9WT7WMUh0GoClONGF9ByKiha0KpezoaGekUQxCCwlqCIIz5GlvBMZwg3oAcWBMz/Q8OXvETOc+t05ChnptcBVZdagRJaPRdWR02x3d3echSoFKFRg0CH1nL4lAS0FT9Dq6ESlNw4bYVVm9LqED6yxwrTGzmKGX/5w4xgao1GKxhOTj2aJzybQEEtvRKzBUAJ1GrqtVhhU8QUZr8GgQ+pZjiisQUuBfc6lBtH6gFWp/fH8MZxTbROazFAgaAi9wdAwSqerULUTNKBSg6qRyEhVlcfEcIwNPkhDA/VNik8sjOAQGdHpYrJCH592RJSEcL2jgyrvsTcfrnCMnHWooKE4q0+zfA/TxSBPauzoHys2NoMjEdMCKCKZlnpepL0q0WBjRIfASE47k0UD86mU8tlwKtVQVJQrNNTouymhCxqyR7sgb0zIsxyClkp+wZg4pBzZn5Z6jlLrY3LIUo7sqwcHy+dT80tq0+VqKX3iyHDc4vGUWuXHdvqR8jNpzbkSsFEb3s0o2pahISjgjzSf2oTlGxyHlCN/pj9ExY7t8xjJwTH+Uqk3S2BmdnZScQB6Pjk7eWBPrq5QLzSECTRsUEADbOJVtD00SINIEXIzNd9QND8IFh9SjlxISz2P0ULDGrCUxAHUF7PyyvXAUio5P5XpdgUa/nAul94TSmiAipCAKgIctBRUjtySeqaGBivDSRLDuUqzb3ZWXr06rXoQiNFUS+QEDVlBvJt3CTS00nSreg/8U0JD5xY0gMUZA5YyeKGlOLYkF2jYE0euT/A5s7tXTszOTqgnmVaNDNKcLAg0VHmuIGbo4jveyWE84OS0fKb3vtDX8xlKGjQLZNuibkTRiiati5P83F4NYNEhDJUPVygH3Vf5SC6uUA4WOxQh0LGeVtyjwiIRpFinvQ5nRrn9TiboaCnK28hLLDkZ2qBO5GxXEUGwQFJULUSiUZSPMBKNMTsTocWrXpTbtzN+UbuR8/+4O7uXNtY8jmsPvpyhvclNoXA8dV0LLawx24sxjqLQckJmwIkQExu7HtBchBKN2RRMkyOFQ92F1tpgCSdHU9pd7EbanhMhK6WYghzrkotedMGyrrWIsBZvttD9C/Z55pmZvMyLz8xJmpehV4aI8+3M83ye39u34Vz+lqMRGjTe6jgPok+UEzlZaJBcoi8gY8ndLTczyKPiiO/DD0gt0RWgocUKlbKHCTeDM9QOr6+sONDwkAfRR1Na+0XbkS+gHaUnHBw0oP/h1oPM20VkVIbWf3bwLCY0rHC5fbufcMlWun2lR6giQcOjPyBouPpUl2EVP8fIRzhyUcJBeldRxQM6JDqx0xMLBKz2tjspoJSEUE4WoMfvcNsxtEODlBma/3EXQcP9AZU6SOm7IjRPMCxPmgu5zZde0tsBPyVResLOkLjMsMu9rz6GcRPPivH2tTeUChrq5nr+DaHh3tK3uvbjKSN839zUsMxnP9yY4p8Y60vcwAd/JKAJ2d9YXGjQGiFFK/zdKX0DCsa4TZ4m5Iqtlu/Y+CcmgrskHgkZawJjlO/nhYamoftwhf/X/SFdQv3mG26TDxByThPjd8Z4rEzjKiVuCRTxoaRK6egJmLqLOFTZVEMFGuo7KFjAZ2cJg9xtZ4IIK42pBkxo2BK2BAZr2Wr8jNBwYYmrKPpfz0Nd0PCMQJs8tdLYLm0yzXCFsuDdxHSBaW338lsCxRhXSqyUVmj4efaPkBnezP6oCxpCMLkMty6ZUAJgB4rHyhC2d6VwbpT9jTov7dDQJgMNv/S8h8zwZOY/KiUNitBQj0pGXUzEkEfyJxE7pAknwkrsNykinBuZYDGepvYSQkPndM+99+/vLt3Wtx+fmiCcrJMYkyLH9XkYe4exKaMV2yb7ezH4bP2h0qDhwjWg1JP7S8u6tsKmF5e4ILlNihwXJ2DsnaCAjoOLuGthNvgc6a00aHgxD5S61zP/Qp9Sy4OEHyglQ1fLozD2zkXxgth3nQ0+p1srDBrOLi/dfwKUunZBFzQYFiguSJ6Q+uah2Dv3br7axoWGtBh89jZWGDQ0jc/cffL+EWx41gMNX+0a4UJEPW+UQMOBlVeKIYax5zSIweeCSvcKgIYv/jp79c2bq7N/Oa/PGpvk0gmMTGUBF3tHCSwSe38XZ23hc0YJoEGOGZq/vtHzCGx9M6p1kMrQYEDpBOuq9L0kjUgp8G7u4LZbdosZauOzojFDiaCh7vr4taWlm3/SuyF3ztlG//ydTOZgGPaPuPzEpbHpW3VaoeEMMVRXadDQdOHh/MzSTZ07IXQUmhi1ydRDnB2DVX4uJxVMv8Xf/7PQUMTjc9Ga6geGZ4YHLupV6sL02OiwTD3ExW9QlR8VfPVhG/ueUmKZ22ZDpUUaml7cXJqZf6hStK8GDeBEQ0YilqhJAg2LVlTlZw2a95Q2UmVooInDioOGpuXpmZkpqJQeaGhsXPEGg1zlWIFWm0YnV+U3GLfNNWmHBqax0qDhxBc/P52dffrj+RP6oOFk1BKJeDsUWid9YcIawalVlEBD5GT5oEGWGZq/Pv3L0MzMndtf6oOG+vqFOFRK+laS0LDQxwKlyN16kwlzrpNQI6Gh3+JYZigVNNR11l2vK/7Ft07anRqmSXc+uEPB8lF4KpQGJ059W2ZogBt/U/EvoXWSSmkZ7Jui/G47dyqUzhTY3i4zNJRIKX7UpoJrk8KEwwMzxXJKsVapLL3bZYYGTim14hp1aECXFBpSQj/hntpGWrBnbcSpsIsvF5QehFrKDA3iM6UPGvJTvdnrleDatIn/dxztRqiAS2GBP+w+LC80nD8P/+FYY2u7+NbJsJZp0qsOOAtCweDC0GH4PNCgwAyQFX57+svTuqGBy0aclMkaohy738olLrCo4XBli3FySvlk/FA1P1Oi8XZveb0nNF53KDc3+Zcm8OMMAyOOBMtCnmVGJUOopm22qbnrZYaGol+tra0jDFBK0VZAfid8S+4E4Dz4My7KLE1mm82pg3JDQym0Cjrdbp+ia5O8UhlyJwyUgj28GSl5mXONscsEDcfctC5osLJIKWGWMgY0dHstSaBUwA5e2cJlq2XDayFDz8oNDU3Fh4ZeIswpZacy+DEPhwUuU7Tc6J7uXdJCbq2UExpOYHpPaLwWiIAbwnd+ieQx34l7oFJumJ0onA296o174o6O0kODPDLk+07ohga5y0Ggrc/Fl0jiUMNzSwIq5QKnbKYQz1e2wDO126KHGaoLGjonGDbMgoOLZN6CSm5iZPXy4yTNOllqsPBL4zbH6n8XRqav1xI0cOX/20EmHIb7P01gL4R7pKlr3w2U8ktz+3vkzuTkDvmhtqABStVrdSKlwhHsG4KWn/t0wO/3E+ltyWdQKfNe7UHDEeEHSoH935/GhgZH4l1fP1TKSZBSb97kWixBPqsMaGjXdpnyr/wPOzilaPsZJpUzx0I93vF6Z33dRwdgFYSl4JdPejyJZNLjWTPpuCYrGhq8FFjQISnhT4PsiCf6+5N0GCpVSBqrFk8ylswZ7fTroeHvbVqYIR8azhYPGgxxTik3NxgSjxoOVyyxvo+cUhRVyKHPyERsLWlxdOtghuqChoE4ONzZadaV0zp5a3rib0Mq9Y1D0E3icTTBDA4VRide2jh7qk/m8ZqBBqFfMBMBi7svwPpyWicXM+l0Rrm+YZtzk9hfo5mIpApiEU38nSR1naD/WZHQgHort1NsABx0AmF7TuvkZir9SmVqVS+nxn4swAQlVRAHyHoCZ2Z0lUFDb8oPFndXOGBnsimvg5G0WAkiAw1o/vG7ZJgKbkitG7k5tkmypTKgQdsfkL/I56/fKyQcjwaUyk157ZnHbA+VM0Zz5v31/v51F0sFQ4X/E17kXJSwGOq1Xx2VDA1RDzwGu1k6p3XS4AhG4gsqnRhouLLLT8ULqyD4wcv9HrJ40PD7trY2bGRQCTQcBw3HUEMoAsdmu1m3m4gKD133VjzoVWHuLc6yZN3tZLyFUapDMvExz2wdAxoaqhIaXtqiNAy5B8KM2Do5bjX6/ZSyeVWnbbXAyDJniBRynrgculYb0JCdMAA2eU6pcNgohs8/wFJviRNVzkHSbFIyVjrH2yfgWFpKzp/FGt9XAmKAlp7kGs31e4WztZ8ZgvKr9ZyouTFm8B3Dqwwa9oBSMJDMhrO1nyME4xd7TtrlPJ0FN0ZpbJ23T3hneV5r0LCVSEKlXCwrlgZtp4FSDDGhWJRzw9u1jtwYJTVwgn1CzBOtMWgwkAk311zPOsXWydUI4QRKKZtXiUaWUu/tXd5MGohYPGhobm7L44Y2ZWT4FdBwTKjBYEnQUCk6zESEn0UZoBSlYl4lMbLMjvx4zjuexbCRvb2hOqFh3HwlSrt9djczKIQWbllR46rxgQ5ouMFbWq7aOqseGvJnEn0gu2K0y2enKTHRsMlNt/A5rb3aoUHcCtdSmomhFCt80eCqoeHtTleSdtntYUpMNOzxTeWR7WOgYV8GGkTH8EytQUNqp8sNlGP6omgAACAASURBVPKxRCpLV/x0CyVoECyc+6XQ0I38cfr6Ers1Bg2HZOwdp5SfCImPBcVtjsbXx0JDXAINvEUyOECHagwaOjyxdbig+5zZQEOEnzyjmK7wFrpf59pV9fNKRYsJDc2IG/hL1felVNAAnoEYVMrFiFOfDAw/3WJDERqSStAg0jyGTapM0U41QcN3ZrDBJ2g6EPk+WxnJj8iaV/rSNCKDn0aknRMDPDREh6s80lA4xfAc2Aq71tw0HY4cZU0l+FkVirsZ7zFoMi8qQsNOSjMxVBg0FEoF7yxGA6WyFoyXnMIcTaVEDk8Gk+ZeZWgoVkymYqAB3Nk+VIp9JepgFcbXbaqmJ/r6dkhJofahAA2WWoOGFnBn75JAKT8pSHhkFOZoKv2J42YTykGQkhyEcH7u9yzUGDTsAhxaB8sU7SSzlZH80DTFqU2C2bWMb6UADbGiQwPmlc8M2qBBjRoM8M6gUgGnV/iRgx8k4FSc2sQ7qn+0bKhAQ7d2ZqgqaLg98tPly48/fYraxL9nTBiUP6j0pQcjUcAFVxxTp2R+3yfIDI/NN6oZGuTmHiOj3j5TziYvDspXnHp8QE5yx+eMXI3kPjpa72kmhkqCBhmpUOLFZMpGBnrFeSgjiuMsuMIFE/lW7iPFIMRxerXLKlUx0MCB477JlE28bIruOhmlQsgQFwZdk1m2GkMJbWed6klPcImXj/39lo12cf6Jj59/omjsPkVCaEjKgIHBkuDj8R21FmngEi/r6zGPWMNAikPTlPb9DiSHnG+lkMhJWgxVBw3qoQYEjlCpXeFHWZsvpQzDCpn8CB5EOd9KgeYTDq1FkNUGDadeh+AmfyVnkx9lj4OGujmbORQyv5aplewcMgNquBKy/Z+8M3ppI9vjePOgS8+1L3kUdK8X6sM+xJULO5scAi29dEgGTIR0pmSghepDKNONIYXqZKFQipdt5RIEUSSyL72ND14MBJGyFoQY8KEvhQTEGyh5SPBlhf4HO2fOTDKTnBlnEjWZNC+Fqon+MpnzOd/z+32/y46FBoOkBNyqp1vkGzFfxlEJdS91ckLl27fPk/48ooYvJ7zf+gI43GfQQC7VpvcXmRqai7y/kQ3Kmw2nSpU6JpxfnPEnX9DT5UuXpMn0DTQoLZ6/NIWoi6FhzMfS2d0sXWyfCB/bodEtbY8WhwcNGhotnj6lhJOqaVrEGBo+5GPZbCzGuknbzF15+yy4Bq0RUsDSQLa5yFON3N41Y58oVClir6Scgy2RlzjSE2j43jo02JUaKFpp8XRbh4bhfYre3aWJ80lFRA3nVrLV25nBWdMTb8Lsn1/XvAvNMYgFNWD838Y/tT7z4MUK0cPp4wOeZb2fthzq02CSrVTxnkxP72mXLsWYz9TtqVA+Pq4SV7szlO5M5TftE0N/QINxpeqUXKly8+uKXbuZ29OEVKlygfiUBZ46kSp1Zk9iGO5/aJg4pvamp7Vjt37FbyYKqobmTrV9kS0S70xj0i0tS9Oib+CgYZylN+7sZenDhqq7qahXQZPES7902QinxBVDzMToWExwDxw0eNCI5EZWAwCiAqIpaCwWeESKYnOkr7iEmFSpDOvqETTctAoNtqWGtYw8TJppXiBqzBfBNE1j8MGKh8QP2LhIS58+at/+2YTjzJ223ob58JJmdHILhLCv/VyHT/jbzNytG06EhgvSGAt5r5fXDgRWcDxhCGyapv8apTGWCvV6tdQBMfQeGswrNYHMmPiK5k8ry1JDJBHoKH5jslSt1wtDk0OXpMn0DTRMlip8i8FXXm5aizCLJjbSY2PGt7T909MOHfH7GhpkMyaa1UZSHMhxaXHmWSfvidvtEQU253INHDS4PEImFqM0ooJL7myXOJTuEENYQfR0+KO9hgYzahjJUZlYRshpLSIT2ObYLKhkzMRh+vT00NcRMzgMGm7ceL2u0Qx+/DV8H8BUkrvUUAkHQIOV/OazM81CWKofBQCTSjLdhEpcEO9MJoYeQ4OFSk3oKuUvH0iVSqYYWB262oc1TaaPHCFRpbQX2PEBBFwyBAMFs+wJ8yTesUGEBmkjt72tud9u5nGlpu5/6Ow9cbtGXO4BhAa0VOc8+ogKABLJBEh7Rq770TU0mJ5OXAwNFwxQoEpJ/Ng4s8oEAAxJS9/BJUa6WDiacCI06H6vJ3LsF5h6v3LjG4IGK8TQChA4nhDAo+r1rYC9h4YOKlUIKJXiC1dNDNYq1U/QoCPIilwnAALqUczt4et79Ds0aDdpk2VcKDD74J9dvicDCA163wb84QMBwT3iQGi4aQMa7FODBhvd7oxSKe70+pnB0dAQhgwMRiJB+Mj0hOH5rQGChg7WQemxyEBmPhJJgiPzTIXS5RNDz6Cho0L5Awzgoih2L296wlCauBLAchA0bEIOJKIodq9smnI5XvvWoaEKOBTlGOXA7+bviftbhwZBqlQqjhJnTUcmkfDSh9DwvR1oIEsN01bfVQowIBmJzDOM6exRbfwqmMHJ0LAMErgXJApmjL9r5T0A95ZsuzfdWv9b/0FDZ8SAblsJqMTumSgN9UUADuxnJnz+/Pn2Nd/hr6xQ0qaQwwGFpJzP5vBEGoAONBs/OgYxBSwHQUMeMrhhtJHzSepmYQMAdpAu4duuDQ40HDEQz3hx94xf/8MnqVK07b4Fdy7nHhxoCHC48SrCZEyspzMQMJTt0wu3x+O6Ymi42S00WKYGD0zgGa84NJ6ZHNs/ACAg2uaG2rbPnBmcDA1LgFNcGrj3ht/0EnDBYALYtG96vRTmwy+W+woaOlwH5Rs8o/S5m3gPDOVBIhjkgD0nw9s7In1hAN81Q8NEF5U64pQ+9wg0LETpSKqU/e6QwrHXSxfNActB0LCYUPrc46oJVvtf5ktPhaRKQZtG0fssfVEAn5OgASp7m9F58Mro5d/NwlQwBRl7RtFukY7FaNE9INCQU/c2ErIbQsEqZJLBEAzYowa5UtSqq4+goRtqEEECe/VJyG54iR4CVCmwaI8acBPvjhkzOBsaGGUpTN0znI4AKbzD/s0WM3zyrn3NseGtvoGGLtZBGRpUw6KE4flEBX+LJljAisyOwtLubNDUdr9Aw0R3lZKgQfEeYAxHU/F0xWgI2sqkKnjlSgm+AYGGtLoUjqrnE213wTEKT1dwATtHFGOHdHZPqhQ7PiDQIC2FowpeGZ5PPJGnKyLNYAFLDyGW3djIms9iOggaThtL4TzIGR1N4OmKOMzYmtKgcKXYK4SGNmZogQZLUoM1ahgRG/vlJDT8iMAEluFZO9e1Oi68b8IMToaGN4BRlYZn6EDh1dLSXKsdg+rjwD1p+cKrhYfG2Zgv5SSr/7ILP/YDNHS5DsqGdA2lAS2F/mq53DY+ecQZaBEVnidlY2KVnZXD0s6zYl9AQ/eVOoZYIB2NyEuhv1Jut2NQfBzaDLlLdZ4v+434Cucz/Z8uDgg08IxigoXtts8q5TY7Bl/Dx6HFENJXpCjDBi4ftYHjKg4HBBoWmYbSgFwa3i29WGp1a3inQP08aDGE9FCZjKGSsCZbGd3ZMLWXdhA0uBlOVRqm3NJKvyYIbXYMqo9DmxaRozK0oZKwip24d2O5focGa9SQA5xWaajtFItt45NF5aoLtSL7jkAZZ2OeNo3JbtuJyHFMI+QjiK+gKNIR1heQUdPDFnFAtZlOBnT//fgZkC5Q8Jb8vB+VkKuv/FbPoaH7dVAOCWBgHCsuBWw/dNJm1KTaTIcW9XMXi1KlAKwTe/9rqhupuRfwtUDDpRRq6GyKwT0NKaQjVEkWmSVVteG8unaIwiyqFClFFLUxWIuVcw40TFYBxJiZQD0NFalSWbrl/HSnodroNzv7ULrngQD5xlU7pM9xzI4wINAgIbvc0xDhHn333d9f8l7Wy7/ULygzDcdIneujm51ClUrnjIQGHLWQpQakp4ECmp4GNxWLZduMmpqOkastPwqlSi16DIQGJeTKVGroDhrameECaDCcNrKADe4MxHehONIRkO1qu1ETxamqjU8fpyZVCgKKzOw1JXv2nPbcHhpIaFieBTAZjyfhk+c3Hn9i/4csoR/q5YNn5GyKMAqdi6QMGiiXUcYFenhXegsNl7MQok5ICGAwHk8BXjU6/nLSYnScDhFtphcZ6cYfCWkbKDWdfGqK4bmpHenVQ8OlFUq6wwNmPh4NIRmh4JUrReVboCFJspn2B1Cl4hzcJI5KWIuVc5DSMHQMADcfiSZQb0eV2vv55/O9FhllR9EiIlAnRG1DTiLYKBMgn9QUs2qlaoMBDUM8AIloZJ6DKxIeeHN3797NefV20r83silY7dOuysm0UZgmaw2NkGh6UEYu0wCEovEgA3PIYnoDh3G0DFhESDbTgpxMO290aKFkUkh45QBosEINngAAqXg8CNO+4RqLNiRtltACo9pM6z5nLEhGRiNJg0OLZvZsccjp0PB6nTg2ub7wExqp/89jOTYbh0/NtPRBxgkpmMvKZjFxn+w7zf/5LxxyMddDaOhsIdQZFWkG5Hg01guPJwwjlfJYGYzrRPfJirJZZI6I04I7yv75Ti+hobNClc7ILQmFI3lQvCz98Uq25xeqQDrIaUnBLCtXms6mu1kudf9sHivXl9BgVKnqPVSpNKqCHJB63kZEykFOEOiuDkG90sgnNacKNGxQjlMafNs+oplePY0qdU9ihn+EV++ix2r4B+2r//BTSpHltZlUI2lGudJEU2hwoNKgt3RqUoPAyNeUBAQ5JdszS7v0fQ9BUgpmQL3SyLOatAoNwlVBA4EZLoQG40uuiQ1uZOlEelsp2afhYBvdhO/gdV5s6YMkpWCqR4YpSHaXxmeD0i6w4nBoePM0zD+ceUzGiV9XPqJ/X4hYHFhd0P/qs2hXE09A3UHDC+XobB6Qzx+e4ifTpGleNzR0uHVus0TWckOlKuvseTW8+bhl7j6BKsXpzZOVQO3RJCBOC44ratauUOsRNHRYqHZLZC03VOSOj5JXqRRVbxlglfd/TFpX54OGpkV0Y9imNyzEyvUhNJTq5pWSSdU7LUNDawhvUd3/6f63kbdKzvTdwZudc9Puj36EBl+x2Xeuh4bJoYlqpYBeZs77VYaGr9453csvyGthEND69V7NW82Qe+hjcpr2HzHRYdCQE2RLZIM5B3FNm4C90dKHkJFF4iTQLf9rqqYFyFICi5/sj9jqFUHD91agwbLU0MSGNSomVYqADdPT077Dw20dZeuluVpaEYkP9SihalqHxjrf+bkmls6Z0LDCiyim6uljs296q0DD2qfnW680s5Jbs+Av7s7mNY2tj+PNIil3mm5cFpLnSaHZXW0o9HQcQiyUO8SBaCAd0wz0gRsXQ5mbVCzUaiFwuTylLzwMA1IpU7p5illYFESkaKmggotuLkQIKpQuDNk00P/gzpkXX+I5o61ao24ztclvZs75nN/L9+vxENfb6wzPG4WxZ2hK4aQ7t96GyaejmZ744WS7br5UMv3XXAMaDvL5ljPkl+swUqvtp2quYaX2N0pfYC5HR5S9IkKnR9EI+cNxWjwonzZfavuxDhaaAaYSqaPlfL6FpY5slBIpse21Wgy4jO4ZpH7TXBFGqtrFVu7sQcNBUo0UaarfcQw0aFihc/uxWPMIM8dqleb2Qw3jN7pn0EEIQmqoRsH+eEGDXdD6zmMo2X7lkVrQoOGjCg0fye3/v9i+3Pjv/71JMEqkZEv7fm/4raKhwULD03iEp63jBQ0JmY9EIjzC27q147EJDRUp3EwrWEW1HQ205R+kht8qwBhj0Rn4VcAyLGj4pTs0fE+qQcWGpSlJjkYi8c4brPys4Ssx16zn2WPplqdvX4tUO3tXGt0zFeToUgxEqwozgPL0WEPDB7cEaeAd+djsqqfkWxUa2P994kjudhMbLq5tuvc+tF/82GjBpT6gv217kyRJ99rVEUBDH+X5Tptn5MTgoX5+TnIAkKXjFtcFkiwfnC5cb+gtuJgHPKecrmiQ+/k6DX21MXTaPCMnVY3yRJJUItUyGHFc6sznGDkZTxat31Qv0jBS6ZnxgoYa9ES/cSNFmrl3HaggerLioAX4N7YMRuwL2Y4/OWDM6WDqD/YgjJQQmxkvaCgafed1tNePCg3vuYQKDQnyPqesMC0jmNtJkZbaDSYsjMs4P2OAQDmH8jxIjJdOw5Ru8xwFZrIJYb08EYcGnzzdkiKQ5AB9qgphtfn1UyCm07FCq5GyDmnkEp1o6AYN3YTXl3Z4Z0ZNkAjtwNDeQmP0WMeB0P7e1HMgy55Cb6PPyEug3y+FGugo6NgHxg0aXmjdCrekTw/W7tquu9HJgZcaWiSyBend26/s5ktTYel1fdgXq/n0n+2nL/76+YqQ/TX06d0KMIdQFonrHHpHzAMVLVJyNvX58077bMBpS6rFY63xGz/sW7fnKmn7z1aE7LfxsWSAU3m5tN50T0CjxWEAqJEqmb5Iea0/0klUMAeIuf1cLj0/M2bQoOelPoPacXKVWC8tY548BS1OTqIinTqpRszHSuf0srSfwGKBEqlYfcwUIfVJ0ZUqnY4BihCLdRQ0nL8twFTDR3BXSHz8JpGPTO8J0A43LsKKs78Ms2zYMmaKkEa3QoSvSAElUmgj6yk6qlUUxGjEkYnyQdPvlNXpsA0Pg00lSGywMjUsRcieEg2d0NCNGmJ0NQM/cX4nKBKEeLjUQQzqjLJaI07xcrx64oia5zJnAup02AYTwApHf6nVuijQnH1oWGO1wsNXt5vw+f0MRqdp282GEyz3u6T1Q+6Zfuc2xfi9Ieq3v86S90TfIwDGVpjisoTPifVpPAKHO6lDkN3RdgNzYcMi4XF6TWXF5roaFQ54hR/AqESjRJMUKZczRK2+QstFw0iBbHYJ1TnaOU2gao+C+g/Y1J5ZaGiWaEqrVMjpogJIajgoKZGK0DJf1fKkputWHWjao6y5/+WYQcO+ft5boVmKCSkPgjyPgoZrn0gpIZEFoJYpwtx7s3tiFQmXV4mUYKLzMzt2MtKSXnhw8IBg/H4PIU9hihjxSJQXtaujsqmFlVV5Or1+xmbSs/Dr8LwnkMzQEzSYP3XGyJWDFggPjBRaDgcq7KXidEDrL4sK5iDCKJEKUUzse8wmxg4anpJ6t8LvuhKfDbnVX3390O2+vaenJRKmPYzKxW4bsXrvw7kzAw2DGBo0Cg+HsqHEd4AVNC6VgEEY5s5KaZkgVtm+jE8GuMIPZrZyMWlEKqAq8e0yAXTaHTaWlhsXmytsX6nAw0CxPuBIjTjT0GgGXWe05ByHaSxNkqCit8WuRIvm4vZFGKnKZBlWGZIlJzSlpjHV5FwnNJy/trbJbT7iwnprwxuzezJrBYwSqeBkGVaFtf5NR4QnXFpyDl1TsAqyTLN6WsK8hxF2LVAEIYdHYlj1rx6h4btTDWlj5ErW0pghdHKuvl8EQNDLY12Guudm9gFFUJiGoZ6QYRyg4b/aAORbcl1X4rM9x7JAgzC+cS+7fO3FD1f7+70uDHQrHIgag1Z//gwaSnxHJtZM+la4Qx508WKct/dpVDioFX5wagx6pf5ztqHEhxfPXizp+2Yq2c240m4fvHnjiKGhrLHlUlavhfpt2OaGKzN6hn4lHuz6h9p7SbyMVU8Dq/WjRQItSnwIaNDIgbOq0HCTfdTlnqg+S5MFDRat8OCIioZcr4htf2gQhqNLfUK51mqZnRoFNGCYoSdoMKcGo+QV1WdvsW1AMDPXm2aOVlKuz/TDDGMADVf3yMTbW+/YzYYS3xOTukNvmYZBfC4MbiucHtAnCYvwS4A0uq7x/gnTi0emmYYuZtcjWOEXBhin6eVGpE75J5hVfbCZhsEF6+xBgyYFtgMKhOGf8AUPDUJvmYaz8kgNFhpidLwKB4nkhn/CPhYaLrt7yjRMqDV2UJW/jvOiIddrM9nJe8w0jM4aG8cMPUKD6XNX0UeuGnK9omkDRA+ZBpNPr8gwFiOXF/fcJMndf20zlPjcJr/qZhjf03Dh8e37D1+fJWgY6E6o3MwSCQBIfjGggSp1HbX4DGqIB/nviiAU98/OCj/gOCl7YRLA0ZGaDg0bZpaVeWDS0xArCqBiH2KkRq3TkFcjVS43lPhMoCFHm/Q0KJESBhaps6jTEIODRHSlqcSHh4bzewK+p8EiCTQIWicXGmaDMs/zctAYo/FTZtLS+qgFjehpsEiABpJlpNCAZQYUNHwvNdQr2siVIddrBg11HdmRSjDzaVYIxsyRoWdmWBgLRciXLx4/e3DuiUc/66xhhSMfP7pXkN7dQU9PPHMHRJcY6K+TYYDQMPCdUFVwquUblkpe/AJ/XCtziOkJXSQ6J4s+l08Mzp+FFX4YYYJWEbXaq+llQ4mPwPYLvzoqc3B6IoWYnrhypcj7YKQq9YmFhsWDPOymfmUo8a1iZ0h+rRSz2OmJelCNlJybXGiYqadzaftMWp/n9okzGGi4vL33/A9temKt855Ygejx+TwBaXKhYdYqBSXrrKAjO4NzrIT8BEQ+4ohEUYmGBK1Gqr9Ohr6h4ZfeoQGVauiSa7Cn4ciVLqK6QWGbh+dzRVaOOk4cURBDzVGqC7qJ9EnvyDC9sHBtfLwntlUlvl3mt4u44Uw3yZKF39t1Gpq9Ee4A7ag64vK9B2cAGoazFeo6MkdQX/zSFpPFDmeS4BDIWXjYXu40oorJLmcmk3G6giNf4YcaJljQUfdCL4XrBj0oNyJ1enQZFiVyvMsLI8VXJhYajGAVoBKfcnwuYbNc0DUnILfrNDSV5tRIbfj59ORCgz71oSnxhaB6DhIa3n8iBbZwt0CSm28674kFiK6tS5mtkChNLjTMzsL0gJWBbcgbLgJXeQjTPE3z4imdhmZvhBhSI2XqXTlcaMDnGXqGhi7UUNfsWnwbqrENbtdPA+Xt4+Hbh9I3sQMxFMkokQL2vpFBYYbzYwQN59ZslM9DrGMKDBfviaHozp2v5L1nyCbIvSxfVT6OeOHPUUPD8LZC/b6WCBipAOb4vMx5/PEdqDzQqgjZrMwLvF8dD47K+yNd4YcdJmUzXOAIxscQWczx+bigRioFyvllRBtDHfCQrjIRJ22faGhQIrWcVSOFo6tXss8fd5zE6UpsHmmEw3vVSPlBfaKhQVPi8/godTwOBQ0vAj5nxPKN5d78eRlxT8K8ayuTuZTZDQHLBEODBgWMEikCJ8g0y3pczngmw8utipDNNITEu3ZhpLZCwqigwYwZUNDwI9SgDV9SUK6XSuPGkTwub6TqoEEauWLn+JC6oG/xuT4rEyozjBU0nHt5+48na5g8w4W7hGvL64zeTLjRgxObchxCQzVC740UGoa/FaqV6AJZw+2EIhVSIhW/keIOUL18dhouW8pnd0AH6B9a4X9KmODICVfgcFWc/CrjVyIVuXGIdqGKyfyu/jamJxwa4MgJV0jihkxqNsYJI3XaNadxEuJ5NVCX4nJs0qFhpl7JytqBDwENDwnGu+V0Lt1sFXZquSfsP+ydz2sa6xrHTxZtOO9NNy4DSU+EdCGX2EuK0yglKRYHJ+AY8BcTkIO6kKCoGMhEC4FQmkXkMMiRSpmSjad6IZByIIgkcAKN0IWbC6dwMIvLXQjd3EL/gzPzOvlhOj/emTTqjH0gSMaQxXdmnvfzft/3eV4mP8mNhJM+Iv7O6NAwMZegaUzCJxjDQZDilOKoQbxwIkHmj7pKsabBQIMsM6BDAwI1TNlzLNuUmJl0jkGGV+pM6tzARHduc+QjEjdEBsgM+oIGufjFkeFdQeLgN4kDrb1s+ezs89nZEeYfHDT0ayiUi+NluMxDlM+Pb+zd/d/hoCElQENzMNDQT5UeyHRHXoF9fFPE4b8WPonQ1RQHDUeCUifGhwYZDT85gvzmEIpYKuPT4tDAJfilySUOr4wPDZetvL6GhigIZqFSE8WW2D2Z4KCBHwmPjmLxtuGhQS4CIAOXDgmJA63HEmQWKlUm2LlBQMN9eWYQhwat1CAXOZDhD/GKxRarbQloiHWhoYrdDBm6zGAYaHhhzZOwTw/xReKQCj9b7ToN2OaAoGEYiAH2OyZh9xkC1gN8XS/YwcjYbQ+FMkoNh0pw+gwIuE+Siv0Xey1WW8nh1QE/Fh5RbH2UoeHOBysBS5tilMTR3zWWLHNKHU3G8NpoQMNdcWgILWfhjlLisBQSvSdFhvTxY2GKGwpHGhqYYJ7fReMjyuLQMJETPJlUFh8bADQoIIM4NEhYDTeiho6bJGEzPw6vxGd5TYZfb17iEnrgRsggMINhoKEAKBIWGhLFVfHTKbZP44ccMxxVV98MAhqGZiz8CFLCM3a4IHp05d0TBi6BpW5xpV5KqeEhBn6X5DIlgOjhwp+i3Ri6byP3Mn6blXrdQsNpJiaA6IF4E9tOoKsUFQ/cHWlocOUFEK0G/KL3xMRyE2xuUkjFE2OjDA1jIJsVQDQuumfBNMdm+MmNLxYP9H9Pw31FZlAFDTehhhqI5bsgeoCfiHeMZPnJDUfsvXMbjchgHGiIghSR5zN8FkuLt3p8uEkz1fIBfurpf8nlMI2FH4Evm/fxZ9LHA7NSGZ6MUbGsRH1cp7a/v19X+KlpyPBDRQwQGibzfBlKKhtvir/U9gRUKi+xlji9j6CU3QjQEPSRfN6isriEOVXDgnmKIuISVV92FKWmjQANZApObihiISp+T0pxqBQpceD1XKmoGFfPsNIxNFBwchPLSlVHFJlglktTpMThle+UlSq1TVqg4T4CMkhAwy1QAwcNMTi54d4uiVlem8kQFJWN5zqiyPDpvXK8vmQGw0DDP2x5X5YkKCK4I2UkPIx6afo4VOh3c6fhGgsfvAeEL5+PUdmgZNlu54RlGCYharnvB2ikwNrTajL8sAFDd3mCSpGcUvlgQspysbc5peIBUWaoJxCVOunoHRo+ghRFZmMUmclJWC5TtSbNMGxOfHc3olKXT6RuoaHl8MXILEWR2VAwagAAIABJREFU9JbUPWljTJB7+8SYwRRgGbRnqmiA5YlJgkvosQwj2UC6jXNKxRNz4gdXIL59JXlo+Pf9+1qIQTU0aMeGjjszmYVKSS6S8o0aGAa/TDRXkOHTx1MnSpx+qBgNGn5IW2O+WD7jcModOnHv1auH/e0IOXxj4YNjB+UjOKVYucUHe02cKOp0cjdaUYztvZYTm0bN8MNIDHyaZ5ZTKYIMOjB5pcS/bdM7WyhKeUJ0oKNzaHjiDvp4pUCuo0GpHO3d3FZWKrrppZt6h4ZtK+mjsuSydVPmnpjevZsbEym4NOF0yBPdVozCbpLO6R0aciAPlXLI9Y/mlBKtnJhjnS0kpfwRuigLDf/88X5v/IgaP433iRqagJjkhr5lt9we406t1hF1GU4j/kKloRSVqP9tpGI0aLiXBEEuazlf9M3bUM5bQzkWzv6HgUqxWvo97tMtixktouEEUoYfUmKAPaLdIEMuA0yDUFMn9C6iUOY9Z07n0HDnfzYHr5SmbmBN2oOq1Bbd1jk0jG9aHSTpsHrk74loiwYT5tyzIEb6vKOkbqFhAgPLZAY4NJ05wYajiEI1QnRJHhq0hhQ0yGQ7bdjQ6SrlRtxiPHt1L8Ofp8n5R0ix/sIbmTcYNPzw8HnS+Vaqi8MAoGE4iYF/LKfbLMOeaNq6F0iiMoPZ7KFrihl+eIkB7nu0N2nmWFthBBZCFsq8S0/rHBrufPpAM5imasoO60dXKn2sd2gYr6SdznRFyz2Zo7dQmcEyv4PrHRomiizDYJq6PZZoZLqyNMJYX6FhfEYpP6uP+jFDN+2oyNBD+84GIjOsr78Ke4wGDX3fRSGTt2aGlxhuFB306bPZPO+UnxYOscVw43Mrp2ro02ezuULX9Q4NdxRO+ZUzr6LoSu0JIKpjaNB+TwJ0BXkotGzRc3qHhgnNR10nwvPoSq3RY/2FhpnbTdKoJkN3s7cXFRm4aIW+Q8MtQYNRiYHfqKsmwZtDCTloeGJYYuju/WioUOq0ObrQ0A6rEMriPBldaMBW0UdCS1RYn9A1NGgNtqVCqT16rq/QMD7Th0yNRAx83dMGOjOse8LfoeE2oOHJMBLD7Dd6Djv7dEVFhk9jstBgXGLgCwKcKoQyewOjCw3NUzVKhdujCw14SMVQWBG2Qo4mNKypUKpAt/sLDUrUcBvYMCvRlOF4UxkZfhaYYf152PwdGm4DGgw7DHat5F5osOyGbdYV77bw63bI5XCH/XqFhm+pVPsaNMgrNdLQkFSjVKT5HRouVuP9Tps7vNllhK0d2mYL+xsXX36HhssNHleE4qQKrVhXQpUr0FDqNzTM3OkrNsxKt3Fyenr5YCNsc0euXKvYwNtzZlgvGB8a3myEQltvRhsa0MbBegDDmjUNTkMS2CJJF7AVujsfbcC5E1lxnX+7pidoQFKqU09gWLumwWmQV8p40DB9ksASbZS9WbmkGqUMBw0/zXta3taeGeGeHF+DhrecUhEbSMNqCcDr5ADhhnGh4V2CZbGiSTU0zF8VylJxAVeSBq7K5UJOv6FhfAYtIWl2hGtNDAvUFYmBdxp6oOHnJHAnOaXWLq5EAEhCYPh1JKDh+WqgVAqsFkYXGlBnzk28Wi5XUfa+X4MGD/fqcR8tEIE1llb3Hv9Z0J/TgKhUJ4cflMs4VlPtNCgoZThosCc4pQ7wRE2106CglOGgodFaKJZyC2sW1U7DGnBFuSFvBfCVAmvpbQv8pWVYaCix8YODahwzqYWGHqEsOyA5b7GEgHdwTgMaNWi3PuswoeNtBWD42mnY5V6+R48qKyAqXNgCvwjQMBJOw8vV0jMuSt6XowkN6A9cHT9cXFz8fIDZ1ToNLQBt4wawweVmcK1gQCdOA7pSJ/gSr1Q10VHrNCgoZThoaOJnnFJn1Zxqp0FBKcNBQzrxx9OnT78sbKFCw0vhx+ICsAJzFySv1EwAl1GhwYRXl7gox3Po0AB16hWqAqy8x9BwWyuDhIaZb56crhA7dsBlqc9l3KT8/3udBheAWxw2wE7XeJh3v41eQsM9w0PDZoBnhme/LXhGEBpUPWqB6iIfn/ETtU5D+jzBr/CLz8Clv42QqoTq8C8jPxbi+2qdBgWljAYNdrwMlTpEONPymtOgoJTRoKGy+v+nfJS8T1QuT1QAgMNeAdgal+vzwGpUaCjGj3hoWKoinGnZ4zT0CrUBIvCqF2wMbnlCBTUISUrN49nGP3Px+PFfH5T/d4/TYAEAdm3YBrZxeMFrexMdJachXYTQ8Ky4NmrQoPIR62DdBL8oca6qjNOwd24lp/kORSA0vxVqbTR04zSoFGqqBi0ZLhDw6prToKCU0aBhHxoNPIjW1ToNCkoZDRr2FiAzPP2y8F7l8gQ3FjaEz8LFRQ9YMSo0BOKQGZbK8TnV0HBFqJCwgLN7sZAzCKdBHTVckIN8vhL+ZPbjX49hHK6qdBoaAPwufG7zn8+Bf70LDb+OBjSsCdCQ848UNGiws9Ch4avqiRawRXZcNthamnsbXYCL7iL00DsNGoSyq4CG69UT8kqNMjRcr56QV8po0FBY+ANCw9jqa5VOQ8MKYKvkPQA8FxcjIGR4aGBVQkOvUEngh1c3L1Z1BuI0qKeGq+ggEcIfqYGGHqfhdyuo8J/Rv9k7m9A2zjyM1zSV09d2WdRDD1kTf1DCWsGKKyfCLg7LDvjjIuRDjIpBBvngYCSjg6BjEzCIINHKlN1gr0JxVxdtPiA0ydZLdsCCLLtmL74EGghmoRTWUGjZy0J7Xc3oezQavRrNaN6ZeX4JjU1Taj8ezfvTM/95h5Dc9HSiMM+tJRzVNHw282fRGT6ZueMcadA0OHN+8rBcur/otGkYG7vlLZ7SOem6c5p4lwJCMk2W8g1Nw9TUFnNJaZwwij6lLt2b9mlQTcpu0lC5kHO//ZxM090T6knZTRqE1QNJGnZOv+10EDJceq8cJKS6u3SmGJRdpeHg9v3S5Qk/5UxDSjGoCMmUO5mIqU2DRmug4Xv/d5I0+F93OtMQJnHxj1BRr6YTiTjZSyQcNdNwN7TySdEZVkIFh0iD5l0Gniw8/a84tEYx3ieThom0N54XchzJSLfKkVxpdi1eaxqmirQ4b81ZLSdxZPR+ManfLlCM98mahjZJlaVBSa+sOQj5Uipl/rrQvryqNg0TVEnZbhByd2ZSHGmYydHfclleDbeJdzOfjxNvVRpyXrJt230a+vzSUMPT2/c6vXuiIahIeZahJg0mNQ3GWcO334jW8N2bmS87bBqmc8Sb8Qm3ikkFEomkN5RIOKtpeOur0MzKysypUTdPsCUNXdzUOzz8wr/w8CHN7XHypmGTnEqPTrhxQygufNLomngdurIvcPxwaqr1eWvOYsZQWgvFpFYoth8oNw0TdEmJ0iD61aRdpOH8REpqh+KpaLKmoU1StpOGicxMdCW6uq1hc6dNsZIh6XDl8sTeUrl6t+ctl5P+2wsPbx9S3DxRk4ZUU1DNlyfMahqMs4Yvv/G/eeOf+cc7nTYN0xkpqWCY7CWGuKVsnTQ4Y5+Gt9b2dnfX1xywuVPX24fNvjw5eUHz1EuZNMyT0v3zEfH94Gb5xJ4rTbwLPiF+qPagvTmrGYP08I2zk5MnNEnJmga1pERpWJiS/GrSPjtCFpM6o3rqpWymoU1SNtwRMrmb2c73a9jcaWJ9M3gamFgmydJny+Xti6S10oabO7nvRaMrk4ODnTYNDUE1D0Ka1jQY2DV8//r1v6lOsLIdIafzmVD8TmKZpBIpshwpwpGlSMw5O0IaDBvS8KGhT0Vr0zR4yXp5E79tcVceXvpkl3BjPkF8yhxT0qBPUMManz3RMinxaaCCL+1vmZRlt5GmffS6rGlQSwrbSNddqa/dZVnamiE5T+qlAttIKwfVfMuleU2DgXMNtMiahtLjqT4n84miNFRZgjTYRxp6agwKTcMy2a29O/Td8Er/MkiC5efSMiMNPc+pqWlolZRoDELxDGZDadD47ImWSUEajhUfWBUk0gqZ52p7HEIaNlsGVd3cieTNbxrMtwYuoPBEyxDJVOcYnDXTYHdpMGElrGsagvMB8e645aR0k9z8hLQtT8w35gt4S7u1MiMNJuTU0DS0SmosV0zKV9qXJ+1gaag1DWpJ7UEa6mYa0vPbxXVPvJHQt0nmxWNICEu7I0MaGqWhOajqNtJpo7eRtoQ1VJuGIF/8aCwv3iSRIdyakjQMQRosLQ3mrIR1TUNEfEMozJOPpYcLSSPuvjBZjoUJqVo+A9JgUk71TYNKUvHqmyA0DW2OKTzlsr5pCIvdepJwsdgymZcmGkLEmw5KQBrqpKE5KOmBVWmuBw+sopMGk7Wh2jRExB2kBcKl08V8Uolau4CmwRbSYNpKeC6ThjFhk6s8xljs2Tf5j5citZ1mzJYG03JqaBqakhI/i883JIWmoVVSE6VjagzSUN80SGuhEOKXbvBxody9V4A0yKWhIajePRqbVhpMtYbjemlIFL7glm5wtwo1Z3Da3RP2lAYzV8KmHSErCKXJRxlmSoOpMSnsCKkeFpoGWtA00JCCNNBjujQUrWHU9KZBGmaoZz/RBKTBitJg8lJ4rigNysZgpjSYbQxKO0KqhoWmAdLQyVMuKYA0pKjkyvzLE6aWDdWmIaHIfv0fmGmwnjQwsBQ2S0NLYzBNGhiIqVXT0DIsNA2QBj2bBkiDpZoGE8uGctMgLxf2FRUC0mAtaWBiKZQ3Da2NIWWSNLBhDEpNg5pdoWmgJoyZBqq3z5AGtXDYkwaztEFqGhKqNUONO5AG60gDM0vhEz5Zvwoqvy6ra+PpQk+lgZmUJGngfY3GoHoKizm5aYh0Ig3cmXOlwR+sP2xS1Q9TSothkr/nYGmItwyq2R5y/DMWpMGcaxTH29MNirAvc4XK59I/PguPQBosIQ0sLYWzfED9fXPDSzPi7500MGUMLtfwE36vTceQqv0hcCuOlYbhl7zQ8JgOVZL8C8dKgzsaFuhahvJS6Fxp8MdoYxL3iOTdBknDSD/j2jA6uhpP0JOJ9UMa2JcGtpZCl8sfavG+WeHdzl75vY7x0vAhazG5XOfHt1Q6BllSgfIJ3pFNwyy/TdUxSFLxKX/u3KbhgM+pHUa1z8RD7lT12qDNpWGHT7YOKlUfk3ht8HjQGGnouGrosTaMjo7274YHlC9MKEw17EcykAbGpYHBpXD4jAv4fJSTWEHe3QtpYDAm6VJ9eN2nNsZQR/5B+QTvSGlwRSN5mRrUPpLVD/nwisu50uA+jAmVta5d55Djog6WBjcfEhrNoDXb/A5D0tCz2YZRURn6+4Vwpu7qxH6rqQbpg91wEtLAsjSwuRRObS3wmSSVMuSClaLBQGlgVBhEtm5zu3mqpAIPKkWDM6Xh0XEkINB0DUIgcjzrYGnoO+BjOYFKQ3e5BbeDpWHwHh/MUQn7eob39zElDT3RhpIxiATCm58P0Vyb+OpWeLsf0sCsNDBqDOLTm91+nv9nsC2xMH9YcQajpIFhYyhGNTV5/Hs+RpEUxx8+63OyNLhm/Ty3GgwVwwhJv0uEGj8NBlc5PjrrcrI09B0c8hzFMRXheb+7z8nSULQGPrzaNqh0Malo2RnYkQZJG0YNLxnK5B6EH4S+aPsrFo5UnAHSwJw0MLkWTknGUDoL7fgpiB7UTnVGSAPjxiB+24M0SS34V571uZ0tDS7Xo7OdlbbsnM3WPMOZ0lDUhijNq29nss/h0jA4SJfUPXf1PzBAGka6OCAN8oZGYxAZWf90sz2Zvdo3A2lgShpYN4byxdX21P913aWBXWOQR9U2p8E+t3pSjpCG4Y7LCadKw+Bgnx4vPgdIQxHxBSj+bvWrr+Fv6y8N74509yrV3RuajUETkAZ2pMEaxtA5ukqDBSoGXZNyhDS4IA2U0qDTi88Z0tAZzEmDzt6gkzFAGtiRBrsag67SYGtjgDRAGiANkAYFbxhlRxhopaFAsgNATpYUFJL6YU4Tr169mmWOra2tST14plNSTIaka1QKSRWI4NOdOYqvdutVpz+eHub9SPGQ6iKpTr/6xgC3Wvythgh1+Jno9uL7elE3BGO+7t6jnNR/rnaBbq/XrtH19CEoJCUnS4ASWSSFpIxOCkHhkEJSSIr1pORcyxZQLDRRyF5DUkjK6KQQFA4pJIWkWE8KAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI7mWLQwAOYXsNSSFpIxOCkHhkEJSSIr1pORkCVAii6SQlNFJISgcUkgKSbGelJwCycKumsiSgkJSP8zV49PKVY08/kgjR0dXtLGxcbMNi4uKSaXudko2+1gzv/xypJmff/6bdv6+2AFfNydVIIs3u2fjqN0B8Phq91AdfUcb3X87LQ6pn64YyZEeEamlp/wS3GAtqaPHtQ8/Mosj/X++P+mR1MaGDoe3WWxsaE9KzgAZwDUaqlQGyNw7dYz2a+QvIx9o4/LlS9r40/gFjXjebsdNxaTuDnXM2q+08/z5e5r58cf3NXP9+m/oWWxOaoDcfLt7POMX23D53e65fJGCcY8O34/yIXXl10YyrkdEaumNK/5vf2dIUhe0M/6H2ocXzWL8gu5c6T4pj0ePg9s8PB7NSUEadJIG7dagVRo+0CoNl8aNswbdpKE7a3iPfWuANEAa5HggDVaRBosrA7U2QBoMlQat1jBigjVolgZP76TBNGvQLg3v/+s6pAHSAGmwuzTYQBkorQHSYKQ0mFE1XGauatBPGrqyhudmWQOkAdIAabC5NHjs4QyiNXggDeZKg5UuUBhVNegoDaZZQ28uUEAaIA2QBitKg12UgapsgDQYKg1dVA09n4W8ZFTVoKc02HusAdIAaYA0WE8a7KQMFNYAaTBYGpwwC9nmNaOvNNh5rAHSAGmANFhNGjw2c4a21gBpMFYaHDIL2TtpsPVYA6QB0gBpsJg02E4Z2moDpMFgacAspM7SYMmxBkprgDRAGiAN1pIGWzqDujVAGgyXBsffdqmzNNh4jydIA6QB0mAlabCpMqhbA6TBaGnALKTe0jBk27EGSAOkAdJgIWmwrzOoWQOkwXhpcPospPJ5639dSINdxxogDZAGSIN1pMHOzqBiDZAGw6XBhKqBrVlI3aXBtmMNkAZIA6TBKtJgb2VQsQZIg/HS4PRZyBbS8MehIYw1/J+9+wlpY9vjAH4xPLADpW8RkKKbh0KVFuYSSFYHFxElQlNekcBdJJbekpEYCiJNRHD815tWfY3hMfBKCA2ZEQqNkJXI3dxAuhhJJGnJQIKLQrGFghS8hHYpvPmT2j/mzKQ6kzOTzNlJhiKnZvLJ73zn9zPRYKLBRIMh0dD2ZoCqwURDK9DQ2VlIGBqQqQFRjyflWIOJBhMNJhqMgYYOMANMDYZGw4ONexuXDYAG5KWGbluhkE+iOqCAoOHKRdSg2QHFzkk2jyzWYCg0vFhYeG+ioZn1/sxOmWhouHqLhYLNGGhAbIahTDw+jEoNRkbD6iYAYPOeEdCAOAuZJQmC4PKIspAwNFz5n+5iDf0sEHcKUazBQGg4nCMBID0vTDQo4soj7NTcDRMNSqtY5t99oJQ0ABoQmyETjvCL6UKjBgOjYZWMVW9WY+Sq/tGA+LHLLBEftA+nQBFNqQGKhiu6izWw/E7lXDRZRBNrMA4aBjzUmylnLVq+YaJBft0oR2vOqTeUZ8BEg/zaT0Rr9lyaYPWPBtRmiIQ+3f20EmHQ1BqMi4ZfZ2I3hRWbeaB/NPwDZanBRsbtwqLLaLKQMmjQWayhCDI5fg1SLJpYg3HQ8BIcOPlVBesmGuTXAqgKO3UAXppokF8lKifcpjKgqHc0oM4zbHvvCmslguaEwrhoeEYeiGg4IJ8ZAQ0Is5AFQnwz8u/GfSRZSDgakMUaIGrgb1viioN+rWIN9rZAQ89S1CmuWNlEg/yqpKSdSs2ZaJAPNNS/29ipks7RgNoMrshrEQ13I3EkaUjjomEDTIlocAL4+cSdO3pBA8osZJaS3oxDMucTtqR2pQYZNOgsDMnSEhoyYAeelOy/UKxhrz0qDZ76R2Gag6IhaUuaaLh0iUvXeVWBn/Xc6DHR0J0EGek+RcPPJ5K2XvRoQP7cRCbySUKDD34+MTysXuChfdDw6LTS8Ahyxa0RDJtc1wsakB1QdBcIS73SYGsshmRlDMN+z2qVhZRDg75iDSUil7MLlQYSJgZuHMOfv9Mq1mC8SkOqAkHDfsKBOchix6Oh5wuvokuQKzYSODY+88KsNCSkSkOOykKuKDzHsNtlG2I0oH/WcrheafgErTQwfgxz010aqcHAQcjplIiG1DTk9RnMHwr5sWl9oAFhFjKZYKQ3YwVihud4MOQNYKxGWUh5NOgp1rAD4kKhwUKUIGYYwSdCXjf+QSM1GKfS8BbUpJP6hcZoKN52+EI+93i+4ysN9fRHDWxAXne4+Z1yjL03Mw2U+OUmDvYbv57FA97QBD5iQ4oGPfRnoH0iGmZhmYZtjN+pILarlhp+OKAwMBqeJVK1ai2VgEQanmBeK7+82Ko+0IAwC1kAqZolQyUgkQYWnxV2agLf16bUIIsGfcUaSgTjGopTHOR0IuF4yG/Usn/8qjajq4xTaehZArGDahp4Dhuj4bl7kd+ptcBIb6ej4dAD0tWDNFjqabyTY4E1fqcW3Y87Hg02jkp3DTMEpNBgcwSX+Z16iJdRokEPZhhyhX2vP70OwQoNGWxCuKHPYrQ2sQYj92l45CEB6YHFIB8HrOJy/1svaECXhcxzgAAVWAxyLChu1Bpe1iYLKY8GfcUasgmC3ymIGXYcPnGnFjFWm24NBurT0LPOAZCYP2zcp6GIhazSfavQ8X0aDucT/E6tQ564XMBWxJ3y4u87vk+DjeVvU1yht/GrLLYo7tTEeBIdGvTRB7LLtR2JRMKww4mwY1ncKb9fm1iDsdtI//HsKfS1MekGb50Y0QkakPaFLBahT04k6zd4q/++NllIBTTorMdTPg8NQebrN3irm9OmW4OR0HDp8O3bQ1hHyGz9Br+MsR2Php6eszv19cU53FqH6ILZEbLbVixCWzsl6t8CZ7F9hGiw6GS5Mhno4UNQ+hbIQ9SiiRrad/bEyIS0c8FJ3aBBpzOy8TqvAo+1eexSCQ1XjDKEoojNSh+FDk6bbg1Gmz3RA0NDAXsoVa+wktlG+lKPzGtL2Jq4UyvYSxMNsotzS7epEEI06GrgxCDshV2/tFM+hzbPXbYvGqYdwrtxOeSY3Fz/SxdoQNwXErruu4Vq1poX3+WyNg2ykMpo0Fe3BvgaEd+NixM4wWWvatCtoV0GVvUmx0WyLwYdoPxDudkcWPX9XApcjF49DLjJ8gcTDTKrIJF9xX2bZIto0GCQIVW0SPblWUcgQrs0KDW0LxqejvsXrWsTgYl0Gmw+1Qca9FlqyOPBRf7+7velGYKzqZ+FVESDPkdXNcpJYhNr4k5lGKJ8Vf1uDe0z5bKCeZetK37/diZFsL0mGuDrNzy0bJ31++k0Hd4y0SDzSOakY8Vq9fqDTJoCWTRoMIQZLMNu90Prsi8QXFnxRTLqlxraeDT26m0s4A54qzdvTkU9ukADglJDM2pIZh14wOEPDdrtFopVv9SgjAYdjq5qvCo47ncEVwZzORexpX4Ysn3QkOQwR8ARfC20ByEKJhrgRxeHjzF3wD0Rd+7lmPA7Ew0ysykmhZ3yfeb/phhwDQEadGCG6w3W2XOLjJv/6HP7hBZQ3vCQ6mpoYzT8cmf+t5GUU74BVGvRgHxGNmTtV+6PSZ1V0sCmehayCTTob3QVLNZQfu7/LHaNZMirqoch2wcN3d1F7vddl/g3lSqbaJDt5LA5Gak6eTSMbsdMNMjVGgqJkfCg2HOG2Go9GpAdTnwrhEal3bN+GGIiAa9CA6jzH1C0MxqE+RRVsQHUTXBPJ2j4lx5LDb3dvSeE1MJ1kMirnoVsCg1GCUOezqdwgaLqQyjaCQ3d3Sxtr3ci7TXRILvKMaeIBiZqokEODd29ZLreajqGAA3ItND8nfeUDqfzKXyMRe1SQ3uj4Uuraade0KDXLOTpUKshoqh6X8hm0GCYWMMpGoT5FGoPoWhPNKRJEw1NDLXi0UAfm2iQX1+GWiFAQ2sLDT+nhbN2mAqrjgaL4dHw66P56f88UfjFHmxK47PfJP7QCxpaf0Dx3zxbrhSS8miwAYnwTCKp+giKptCgh1hD/0mFq5wooCFPiOOz7TR3sSnZjWINhkHD4YJnem6jRx4NBWJImlrIdvDxxI31SmXprcJF62BKREP4VQejYT9bLpf2FS5ipeF7FgTHE9db6gWZX7Tv46vj4y2l/0J6++jo6O7d16olIb+WGgyLhnUyGouBGYXHIp6AN7wZamD+F52gofWlhoE5EGVSXx+LgKwSkRFDa1lVZmSfAw3oYw07ZYJmaKLcrxCGpFzCTCtC0IXKPZ6MgoYXZZCKRc90Rv4BDUmO4tWQY0Cxc9HwlhN2ilxXkEUiVXXuWWjqY+eiIU9SDEOBgvxVRZDK2e1d1PHfrUZDawoNzdQXtogwTYepd/JXfQgzo6NHn8PRLovapQajomGVFDQwFZ15IH/dLTKaipJzl3WDhpZnIddBbY//fIJNqzp9hIIFFE2B0rcVCZWykM2iAXWsgSUEDbgIVh4NvC0omgBZ8Qd11WAUNFSiVXEG04IsGrr3OYKmCbLQuX0aBjbFnUqDl8q2SBHUu4595LLXRgoasP8gzEa2EP6muGLLH7m8rgsw8OsdwWtg9IimrinbYjt8fK3hAxYXKjUYFQ0eacRlFWwotWtYX7r1TB8dIZFkIQe4mHNPTKMVFdRQLLGlH65RJwvZJBpQxxrqIy5zcbAjr4b+E7ZSKtZ/UDXWYBA01EdcOmObA7Jo6E7oGJ9JAAAgAElEQVQWWDZr6+COkC9BVZog7lE871may17r4OZO2XqoiiopdZrOsmwh2fLmTloXGppPMMS2R4V1FFY6ofn4KvbqQ9+XkIOKpQaDouEOWZMei4jeuvC/dbm1aGhtqYG/wR849wQ1UNnen17flxr6/u47V6mhWTQgVsMJMZiTBmOf/EQusnGp4c/zxRoMgoZ1IH4SOmvke3k0NFrfo6FrqJ3R0DMflXbqDTmgOKHin/JtpNXdKd1VGiopKeEY55q6Xg4NfX1aoEEXYBAWxYhoGP3JLGgjNwx1mWg4x/rLcxtzbD5qKRpaqgYBDWKpgTgHGr5Vw0fgwMajH89RamgaDWhjDedDQwM1fCBwzH385zkOKAyGhoOLoiG+i2MBuqt9Kw1LTaOB3z05NDB+DPMzXe1baSgz6qCh79UYhu1uGQcNP/2QxDnRcMYNw9tu7P/UnV9IW1kexwftsjun9C3gQwJdqrAjHThFmAPCXR8mbDAPVwzBRWiSLi03y01GENnEdTAxMbXG2CizUkrW1ZpYBjSsLEwJXejKjhRnTLdmSXZa+jDgNlL7YNFdWOalA3v/nKTbpDfm/Mxex/SxSq6/c885n9/39w9nEgBq+OFAw29g4YnxY33pdQux+5y8NaYjNBw7F7KNRWl4Xlj9WJYa/n1UeEKDGkp7sWglTp+d2PbZpQYGaGgwNXzGktZwj1PLIo4MTxxBDcuYlyyFLQBqODFoMC4y3IgqiMrhiULbsaAhiUSHz4sy7acIGlraWJSGusMTR0BDGgkOh4D8TacIGoxGFqVhfe7Ld5TaMEODyY28PoeIZhsMDRf/n8TAJo3Q8MQv/BAyesMN7QL2SlcfTp1aaDg3bEGknyH34BpXXyLkEZ9eIo/wjYpmPaHhWAGKFY8NWWd268eGHjkA/VXzXN5oPI7UYBHl+V9BPsMuNdQPDQ0NUOzMWJHNs1I/NTyZ66onEbKaGt6OTPCCPP8rgufYB16eEDRsBTCyTD+v/y700ETIqfePAw3d2B5SRh0nTw00jA5gZB5rqb80tbD0a1loOCoR8ghoSCBlEK0DJU4NNKy7EHKtMxRcqomQiaMSIY+AhhzyyZayo+IPHxooMeQsksPPAABFvyI1JN2wRSxhQxqH5alWXtLF9swNhIazPdMj8FmSV1wK9RCGFkw9gfjqLKcEFi4tjAPbMFxXR8wZwuiabtDw8puvX/wcLDXsKtIIscbqb+40zC2tLnGFR3Ky41a2AyY17NGp0A7EHqBggIa3qGFhuG/qCpgaNlRpxPJd3QGKewV3MpF052Wh4d7337fCpIYcnQrtJPeZ0xqA0NC0lk4nmsDQsC5LI158tX5q2M1L71ScG5a97pWN8TYYNKSxOhXaK+oHDcsHs3twaBhTpZHe+qlhZ56bXY0HeuTf2N2ItcCgYYJOhRYzukGDbKkiHBoKqjSSr19qkEsuE7Tk8nH2MQwaTHQqdIjEdYOGrlQaMkuSRiUOqTSSq/9Bl/3pVMrv3lME4L19GDe0E2UOrSHIiOwNhIYxgqR/w1Bo8GBllqdgY0hKXBgb9IzKnDJiQQj3guZYXqMHvAGP6dXc6QuMCbKOQKlhkqfSCEOIYmM6/yT7WkKGvBUhMt8BkRpyKETfsbqZGAQNb9Ia/tKLJEvZrkEDFGZVGiGT9ac1tK7n5/MyLNybJwhZ860QaojTAz6M9pjrLmHQ0C3IlhLXgNDQYVWkkTD2MLQsGn2Sn96QrsCVeYyQjfrejNBAD3iDDzXpBA1FCyIYZfaB0LCL7erzjrA0d8rnx2RY2BlACJmnQNAgqge8wcnrBQ17NtlS7kMgNGSR4o05UbZ+ani0XShsyrCQdUmWcmVBSgNRvUCDN9NQaKhRfJCSLj6MGQNHb/IYcqo3ZscMl38xF4/n5J9flq4+lClCsOEp9QINov+EoGEE2YOGoB2NwZjhnFXdFBEESGucRt5wxMFbIGLDOAorXxzFIzpBwxfIKQ9XRndgzPBndTMahtAGUw2FdCQZjQFkD0ecxLXILjWYcihKl6h+aLgIgoYSNQxgR8gQEUgMRA1tW3RpHfg75iEUrS7sjETsmINoDXESoktUZO7WAIKGdpEMhQxhnu+GQcM2CioPbLe1MSf6rViIIxL2Ig8AGpomRANdIp2gYZ/nw4bQELEcwqDBQ9RNILgY0hqUygiJGay8IzIk1OCNGtAgeFVL2UWdoGGPCBFDyIczJhg0DNCl5QPsKZFZLPoiQyLOgqDBqX6x0GBo0BT5EsgbMUSdyM8aliiFfb30Bjpgv/pzSBiK+HgCoIYzT9U4jrREJwQN52zqX263wsoXb9AD3sB7mH/3thruC5JBSPKlzU5F9xv6QMNLrL7UghmmNNyhB3wIjTGPoMiqr0kEbwICFPs0kGMn9bdiA0FDiRrG1acN8b2wAMUwNlBpZJR5dNWm+j760DogreEZRXivpd5uDR8dDxpSqlwWxGkYNMzTA34I7TJDw6CSEyR5lDsApYE+eIjP6BSeOMBBFXxzMGgY8JYoh72OYpKPqvvnQwA00EBOlPh1ggY3H1JfiT0YNFioNGK3sBdfmsWQIjtbjABooA8eZJH7jwMNzYIi0xmcuJtZZFC8MeoFQijnkCjvY5TPAKDhDNX5woi9fqIh0HCTqvwRdBMEDbfpORsifdX/t3D7Uq1kxz5K/04rJCVyGEnurGGI9OuUCPkNDeMOobsQZvjVHWrpKBqpLq6M7dYqrDgfoLq51wzJheSwdImHHOiARQODQAOlhkF190sH9FkQNWyXpZGNqpqKndjK+fM1hlCUdHOegyRDZoiEHCEnyrEPoQBBg5c+rZ2HQUOBL0UJVqoaGu7EPmypEYdvoRJhiHgASkM7z0tvc9TbuPS+I6596iJIBzQMGiappZ2kOuMxtvO8rYalVih0B7WlBm1oaOomooQ7QQGv6QMNJurbSDvgeNDgNVdHwx4/XlyswQNb9DII1wxtaEHDHvZK+z4i2g71gYY1+rRRnGQnhv+1tOiubs5UlDuE1hIagnTjAvIaTMvILlkqTISmk4GGKXpAhxCwa4JZoFdpZQHljb4A5zIPDN7UlDD6y34SKBlyEBGBRwNXdIKGr4mBXmX/BCkNF+gp7cCV9RPjec6dMQ94RjWpwVXyk6yQXMhDP+IFgjiW6iAYNKhpDW/W9TaohGKHIrzdWll3OVpQLPVkQ5MarHQj282Qusv7GcVSB4B20iBoKGnXTgKDhiw996pE95Yp2VKuyeGYZsC+pHEKvZCSyzUeiQLGgDF8MGjgS+tqgUHDiHpKh/jeSmQYmec+N7t6xzS1mvFS9hTvgZRcJohkKUQSzfpAw8/K6+qGQUNBdeWiuDITsmNT3nyugPZkqu3yZbIN6dOwTLAgIhtAsQdCA11XkgYgg/Txq85RpEoa2Z91+zOWDJeTnqD1nZ98+TLZAygNpllMJEsJT5tPBhpiZTgEdk2YQs6QTD1XK5lhPv5tKj3x2086+7So4Y1HCguNLAxOzoDmZoOg4QWFQwd6CYtPeFRpBPdXJjsGltZS6YxkqWEttWGg5JHaQGWXpj3OzzG+nRdB0KBQQ0lBsluvwLo1BPCQIo30vU0G57Pc0loynflD5+V1rQAFjTMahKugbg33l93+eBEyhAIEDaXU+lpFCLWgweii0shURYvCEW42IVnqQeflUa3RCqUQMj8Dau7UnprIpAGZ50BoKCtIbhg0PLeJijSCKwoo2/q41UTSL1mqV4OvWnbpNRzFwxBo+KArmckku5p1ggZTWUE6gEHDIyIo0gipYIOOwlwilfRbHjwMaNRHGLNl2Xod0qdBvmzdOcg4Kwg0NHUjR51FCBo9nKg0wldKI/tz6UTYNyFZav5e67vtvFmWrbcUiGClhv0Dv3vZxNpgulHQ8F4pDMXe7uBSrGfk5tn3ppFMPa5KsaAv/nEitbrqf/ivzilNYCnFvnVuSgmChn9YaRjqIXNfyAs3x8buXPhpv+TG8mjgeeWEiaWv/i5ZauKTV51aWkMPjX2TPKzDE6A5q/pCskODRA03yrkqzN0aXo9ub2989vpzxVIzFXGIlcDql6nUaiLz6a3LGxrUkC/FvjfB3RoYh1B8dAxoSKg7IFzr2NKAho71ze0t4yOz5MYSNP3+2/L6TuDbZslSqcyt3/VqedD9aqR+CG3A2khDJ/DBoCFXylVZZiaG/dzsZqwlZpOlEdJTNWHiWVcqsbpk/tMv+7XqVl0ijX3vgjpC6jx7Il7KVSmyQoNRHmHz6CdZKxYEZM1WTZhoXksmEknzXzsLGiGKxXKC3CK0jXTjZ09oL0JG3QFHtTt4BzKYirnZ5f0zOfxOaSQ398F/JEulH7x6+ESLzMoJcoopW1nJQQ59mJjHakh/SGOgYZyIvohPxMwu+3UPF1/i5sffu+GZ7B+9VJnPEHj2VNqM0m58datfS0iYxI6onGW/cBqg4Ucv5IRXB2/9PWuHp7szXDzO9d/98bW/DfRXlk7Ig3G6JGZYXXrwx08HNaDhv9Sdb0gbaR7HS2xpMtCeLwRfJNA7Ws66LUzxaI7A4AslwUIjlWJpqbZUyUiSFUTWyaZkGrUXrbExsKGU2ay9JN4Vamjoi2V2D0RWkYQqRol3EY8Veqbg4Sm6Urk3t3DzPBM1o5mZzMSxOL4Tkfjzmef5PL8/3+9Krb6ru6zH2jAjWxdSntulZGiA1NAIp2L0ppdSNZ56g1jIh6U+lrqC7UOHuGAaux4DkQqMvTU4+KyrGsydsMv+4vljooZioEHlgVMxqKVSIjRop8lAOICnql6Nk+2pD3l8E2Ck8Kl7hnqeC7RXb+0p625C28tlek8cKzRs0Wjz057biPREwxxBRAOYY2XFeau/8WDrR3ljCN5tRok7bw18SRkXCrvs0SHNSYCGCpO+GUzFbEodudw1y9VWxdvb41UHV9xCZALcbUbpxz+95pNiiGdH8eJyvSdOHyc0xPTsVExYapZha5OIhpmr/mlw4T+QGrl48XuMugwiRdHfvGif4RXDaGaOPntuSkZGxkEqNhwVNJzqbUEQpEVyceIrm2/x5s02fzD/8MIw1rYNltgo/e6X+3xCDOfugil1U+upEwENZ37+monU1LdSLSj+cNe32Na26Av+La8FhQtjN/hI7ca7fr76xJvXIFK1s8UaV0ldjdKhARYosvobUoUh+4KhxURiybeQX0Pa6UvsQLyqffvNEF8z5PtaBEWRB7PnzxdtXSWJGuTpNKiiegTRE9VSdRreY5GJ69e3AyltXu+JwexRGB67d2eQ18YRKh/0X9WcBGjQbfmA/sam5InLESDCN7GNuTV520JTowlwt4F4xdvnOHADzPN3XDoR0KBbx4H+xpxOKjQk8Riw1MXzlxa0WKxknqKoUeLLt1O81Yc4FP1Ja08ENJTEaGZDt0Yk1yX8xI7RaIwQByu+4NhXq2ew7eoeapRi8OqHqfd8hcUFKPpzsPdDBjhIccG8cnQy0n29MlyfvNgiazuVX+Chj1yC0OCv3di4z9/n2Od2PL926oRAw5kz3/7r39LFpP+MMczAUANWn9cjexJbjLFH4S8vbgnIPKXT09piLChkpRpkQAOkhofe3pfS1aSdvrZETSKxiOUdtbwwHWChIQxyMrw22ed/Tad/PS9VTroIamDbGuTKSFfGqGrpMtLpMFT734bKvYegodzN1gbBUXjHwT9A4Rp0fJDvcnm80KDTVayuShdp2PKFmf19IrFMvskbg3QoEYGZhi95czKg86G+0f1RrmHVMUMDOENXV3WSFSGrSAquqUgwb21BG2TuzxS4P995O8U/HFGVTCer5LtcHi80lKjqqJhKKjLo1iEzGI3hTR0XGNiYVmExBhookGnY4IUGhi3i6WS+SEvnhsKx4cpn9p5w+livyuXg4WYHqBQZguWJwNhfH9uOEwiuDXv7FIOGM7+XYUFhC7XBx9+R1+1yJegvAZEiDPcMDn5oKL2g1RZnQXEoyZZZzehEqEEWNMg2oRiCBl2JRCieN9PwkVyGhRxm2zKMC2s8SX4EoeHH1aWMWFuDXGhQqUouS4YGZl9ijQUDyYPQAO/TXmw7xiZI+ZPu4Ef3L99HBA3VFFWnFDTIejJwg59ItGGuw38+KD1giwBEI7XvNu57hdyvyzVHCw3McVWtFDTI8p54j1+GS6oSP1R8gImDZACUJ6hQ7U/8SfeCzK6kQsM6A4sKQYM8B8sRgrWd2iEqOCmG3Uil2UgFan94TL6SYxsqmRtYalDFqFjlZ4GGcy5HfSFOFM7QLjRwMwXDd/WIyXHulJf0U5FIoPbFi/u9SgGCd+j1rQGuxoO3g8RI27BS0JDrkf2Fc9D5RSHQ4M9Cw9BZTqphknXQKXdh/kgkRIy9e9z/QUjiSSuXGsBkL07jIzrusG+AIIjNjPBSlAMNh6nhpdNRkBNFkIGGmkTNIWgYaEHRloHS0iQ2Ggkzkdq4c+u/paUCag1FUMMcQeNLXCiYw0GkbgoXKI7GsCoWPuREkR8atllo8HGh4ZLzAYK2T2rKB5lIRUL02IZhqDBbCunQUB2mLQRXfKA67GEekUmBI4KGjL8gJ4oMUQehoeYANKwAm72gV7OSCjCRCtOGDYOtXCP3EYaGurDdHuVGqo6NVOUxQINu1b/nRCEEDdM4u6QWce7tuCrVgNwIzqpnggEKRuqfU3F1MY/Aebi+SdP+igPfYl6+wIjuGAyrKqk9JwpBz+u56C40rOcSg3Zm4QbSkKpSz5JhqicSpR+/mBqXHSQRbMj4aDqnmwIkG2JRZkkR1GeAhoEGUJRqFC8ZPMfaIDRscvMIrXrWQechc6JjtMn0R8Mtl1LM0IGY7QfmNrxkaKlmKRQcVhgazvzu7CAo391wi0ODO8BCg89xNjfV4ESsTU12pJ+hhiBOm75mIjUprAspmxqAUAMTKXqLg8vhOuNONLAumGqQBQ2/4ULDww4UQZEGlzg0NIZqboJcQ4CbR0izDjq20gvjJIzU1F0vrwmFbGj4T1aowWo3I3guEviJyNoaE6kfBanhKKCh2gP6MayUKDRoFyJwgy/Bp3OhoTwIImVFnJoVN4yUwTBUoFSkZGiImRGLXY9EOQ0anp5Pn+Y90UrFoWGdBpGiM+I1DZyC0LCEcbpFV1pQe1OzWe/SXB0kCYvpO8N921WNMtBA6VGLnStpUU00zz/61OMJqxSHhowJRqpCFBpmsiAawzh5hBkTCm323qtnUhhtafhu6nX6lULQMIKidguqH+GOL+4Y1yLEnPLQQJmZbQrxVIogw+nTqxBEjcZIYGs/x6BWz0KbPdQ0o55dwGmLaWyqPaktJk4C3OBH9HYLZ27jypKniVlTXR7q2KHhOZDjftKMNIr/5qAfMMMS1spVpd510Dl16itv64DT6fqTUszghroHT3MVIq51wA91M2RTHBr+kW0UFvev+gs5CphhlOw9m0MNH3fNhd3l5SuTrnq3e+CqiJq0bGgIAt2Dsk40R+6lAocmrcaoXzDVIA8auNTQARuFLehzUWhoxZYZakhQJCePMMlOcDYDUek3k9PjyaTrfwLWVUVRAysJ2ZQr75QhwLGztkbMCbY1HAE0qGgwTdRj1cdEexrGcbDDT4Rg/fnC3tBE1lwYzAa+mXQ53e7JQj0ppEKDygokIbubkf2z8DLlmX/EPJ8E960jgYYtk76ru7vT3FBRwPDEGgMN130pTh7BxpoLW26saDQfnw843U6v/DyDMDSwkpDP7DmSkJcjnk8gUvOemNLQsG4G00RdevbCINgImQoAg+uSADeP0K/P2uxp1dpZ5uWLJ2e1akWgQZeBugdPLPqciwz89xmNFL6uMDSoYqi1p+xZE+oRJgZQ1/XBVEMdMXcxR4ZBm7XZM7erYaTi8eSMushI8WHDCAIOjycchYjN6BpYU52eyuOGhgdZOW69+FHfG/QtL4cw9zWu1NPToqwspDQvZHV8OhHvfm2EZLszl8g+haHh71kNFXvDb8U7IUnfKBOp+l2PbIgAjVl5D0tt4RYUMqGhKqvj05RjxzbCvozM2yi0CcmGhhxq6GNHkrutLQV0QmKh5WUfye2D3NXQNrOmlxcuFWZdJYcaVrM6PrfN+2mFUcK4xnwx9wrBtoYjgAaKFVp7ZvaIQsOrNB6KUQESZpL3Mg0PWAWkZ6wytEgdvjhoyJpPlFks+5803PQIPl1RpaFhbtezY1M81eAjIhQVWOBkXC413M5Rht63hlMCGqJoVosy579KdLKRag4rDQ2brGpDD6taKAgNoP7ArKmFKq6gwK7N3vRezV6tDDScxli/uFwDqK3s3WaNGJENDQVSA81KDXYVoNGYwaMRKoynvs+nod2EzoDGDu2RhIsHG2hr2UEtynViZ21NDNkVgYbhPTlucevIa33uYNDWyi1k2PbMhfuUhobhPdeLwX2QwdhGizbMqzA0/Lzv2SFeoGhtJMnG1j2/S47IYxdSuHGVTGgYz2pZPttfY7oRbl2OD/7b5EFDLjU4snTUhfSJU0OrjQw6DtQe9h10pBleymhr2ES7D3lj+7ORmicERyiKhwYVkX15mjnWkfnFnV6NL2BknG1Z24MGdNdBp136sScNGvY+6/+ZO9+YJtI8jm8UTnw2JiRrQu5KAlJXveXFmF4cQxh9AbFr1XbtsSCBtpuALSlNA3a3sChF/qhVBDncqKsNiJJwx3LhBbicJrckIsdSEDCUw/WiCai7GJYE4t15r9zc/O90aKfPdGbq/nwjYHbL0+k8n/k939/36w7+jhv66K2woUppaGD8IR20qbRaoO5Mr2K+mtDZiZdsuPDDdDlqIPz/mhDTZTKv1azPZKvq0TJZt7oyI1dOmQzQwGR22KuiQoNKM+3DfMManskjde/YiowlyVTqaK+Vk429kx5UONA3IwEaYKhhP/3hqUdbIQwZZ2zYKm/2YQzU0yDKEzKkhS8J2LDGRGVxUi9I8Q6BDXGHBtZmnbMRC4ID/xvlKBs7oDw0MPma+e+g0/ATfYmcBwaoYOx07t8JAvDamdiBFKWpYZjN15wR2WlIiBUaONTAcGQTaIazheQGXhKVy4QL58JAg6QDilXWEj6ohZyhOg3Lgp2GDz64L73TMGRdtxEL2Uiz0UEsNLDhwl6loWHjWTZfJDgt0Ud3Gvpi6DTcUYupXHp7Mevob6QJVvsAb5O/x4YLD26TpdIiquDVFjZfJPj6A7fvk9U3L4g7MkADauJuxNFspFX4NaXipZswMXvKQ0MwX2Rdp+GAlE4DVKvhIMuRNogpFLW6M1LwRhOb1kVffZE+cbDssJ4a1sLki1BzoMvL8e80XKNfTR24ENtO3sgk6OQqcyTRWFjiraXmJbbQ2URNIKi0/GPcNA2LNLK4QKnoEIp0SgdJhQvbvWIysqFBoXPYafHQxg5T9Lvq5jjLQmkaIn0aIaAhKGuoQejMDuSa6BAKssqZcOHZZCWoQT3WY/FQxg4/L9HvqhkNHk+UkZqGA4KaBkJCKR0aqqj27NY8dAMMNAQfZYIZzvVR4hglQYNmPjgvcYsGUYd+A0fT8J+YNQ0aURHMThpZrBb+EoSvdUeIbMzeYqIcxYeGyfmSktlJJgCKelftJSGWzJTmcEpwvWWABiaLRW+DzZ7gkSkTswcmFYEGYgqAmZeostPP+pismgYYasjMzKGJ+zy6CoEMYa5J5iCH9NAWooUw6ACDDUtYcF6CflfrkDaupoEyj6iKu6bBSdtxxyxJKKETdAyKMEMhNS9BjYRSYqbzdu3udzA9kUgpPuutuTFEVxHU8FxLJeiAkRQFWg0aC7DjK+XsJL/q0deREp0hkdMTkqCBoYYzaB51Uu+NIbqKDL1kEnQWkpPlP6CY0gKrQw8CFDVoSTFTE2oTNz0hDzT0U13HOrRqY2zQMEIpyezG50pAg9+IEPMS1DH8ftRK6Xj75JmeEAUNScPUs0kD+/grFhoMVMyePjdRCWiYQBGHA0GpNvUUkkftusMh4U/993ddtwlbJ8oBDW1IE53ZERs0JM3TMXueJCWgYQZBHVZEt0TL+8jrP4+bmiHD9ETUEwrKkgFjMjtWYkAGopiYvXJIXgglh2hnFKvceYk28vqvd6A7Q4QW/z1w8FbVs8x4Q0OHzu6uc1lj3/PPWKgEHUUaDfkI8cjcgHrJrz4jxqbyUF3zO/BpSNzxFLG76lx2pCUWaCCooVlLhgvXpKQo0GrwkEDlRgLkV8TYlCkPMa6I82mQBA1BajgNHA11br2uI4aUbLL8RIIOoqtNTlaAGobIKQATHXC1gqJ5JgeivSvKp0EmaNhYRSRRmFD9wRihIcVAJeg0b5YfGlSdRmIKoD4PUH2E64jebLKCIS4g/D52nwZx0KByIuamJjNi6YwRGjblkzF7X75SABpUk6j1PDkvMUUfdpMrFZLypJnHbDbPtPDsohzQsEYkUTTlIbbUGKGh00eGx5VoFICG1CVqCsCuo36pVWA3me2gTV6fBmFqYE2cVox6U6TMDghkwD8gVMyeb3tsWlphcBgjKbdJryUXItUGrCazHgk5s3lBrFRrt5BBpEI+DR09AIBcnrXCmcZSaInC7tpCb7kyKsgtdKvMTasst5zORY2V58I4Qu5WHBoSdywSSRQWHjPca2m5B3tA8bzG681/mSKqIKGBaZWZUQ3VeJg1IsbVFZGOkNKgIUgNBi2+Uk4eM3SUlp6BpIbtvWNe71hvMiw0iKGGt/R5mkNLtRretOrxlboryhFSNmjY0KcHADkb6qmY+XbC3wkHDZtTXuZ7vTXPNysADfhtizqQsDvovshZFLHy7YlidoQUuSd1zuoAQH2akCXY3tzSuB0SGjbdGBzNejqXqESnYZaKhq9HA3TjwYmiJcO8psKk3x/td5YDGhJ2Ygi+UrThMQMNa0vdb6GV/X5fj2dClaREp8HGnKfRnNA9hKLr1AsSHSEFvJYzQ0opzMMAACAASURBVGwfV6qIzI62VJ4jdzfnJhkZGUgJAxmzJ2EGJzI2qOjztAaqY5SQOoOvlG0pNBU0lbmhRyYkpWykz5XyntO31PgwzFOtmN+CaJlmPXJanDxTCWjAseHB4gNeNNVFjw1fqY/gWg0xFRw1BEU5wwIRFBA5tFKggePW0NzCm5w4V+7BMJ/hM0hZg7gSQw0BVrnrlxZCcVcWR8gN6zbd/q9s+DPpsAoKGiTcsKLe6xnlrgkIORLt2rUxHtCA76gTE5rQJRgJYDYsMAIJDdsSZaxQaGCVu1oR5spKQQP+Ge5mN10KGsgmoy3gFwRR5ao9eCtilbtDymVPhHADs53SAyp8POnmZXakUk3GF9GRIU30mYQobphklbutgjfvVOG+StyyJ3ZXE5Y7r1sr34+VOuSqUma2Iwo0vBcfaEjcwYugyKj86llZ2TOsPAOu1ZDSXLsgGhqgqIEz/iMt7VIaNEQMobh2qfV1Ttk32GlIWUP7SO2CGGoQAQ3sjLBfWnRVWGj4rfpnUX/Wf+sN1vWk7HEbZhiIXFwZ/77FxVcx6f8HopXXykCDWlLdkQca1nHTCCFnetzlGYGEBnyl9ikEDcxsh1baL6VRKHuiu+r28v39XYIqTO4O2FvbkpEuXw2oI8x2KA0NLDhkRvVvYmWYt5cZ4VcUZKBGeWtHUhTBhkl2tgOTkpgdN2ho9jyhrA/g7KCbLcT5RosS0PAdDaYu0PirgAZ+RvZN7Alh/fgEK4U6oLiQS5xvjCjRauAYjUhLu5QEDZGpwYCV5eTkHHnm6YA6oJg2EucbC0pQwzTrRqaGia4SCQ0it8Iwj6Pzrd+TuSWeP0S+ljgPzeM6AJBi3pX8IUxFvWKDbmRKbIWSoSFltiuHqK5L22Gg4aPBbACyB+eU0DT4qKb7Vr33VwkN5Bjj/T17bs1DQUPvUQQAXX76JrmKAw30kDHXzklhaBBnp0kPTvXNCCED22NYcOK3KW2NEt0GFetGNpMQOzVkJkiGhnMdMCMS7x/Na7hOuB+0QYVVNmYfO15x/BiADZy4VvOw8GJ4J6YzFyora0IUC5fQJnIKwPJeXKFh240bcxEjKDh6hpKz+EoRIRMXYbSQBkCuFApLDQvVhYXVzWFbDVNjgcD0JPc7FnJeognFJGZki4SGq7/8chWCGjpyzQ39BDa0GmBkDfngRFHFocNGWGoYyT/qG5sKywj+eV9g+g534NJIzks0IAG4wEu5oEEzBTXCNqE1PeonqAG7CQMNxeCToorPs78MvZQ//E2E+vFvBXv3/usvxF/50JBeevFh5U0uqdxDHfWkoGg6vtAAtVJpKTVa96OD3+fkPMaaIaAhoyT7VFHRKeTvkNQwtzhYPPh0X/gfjQ+O13aGeAPmUTr8CSVWKrKjxdTbaG4X7QPtavWs1YWvVFnZM8+9yH2ldKYD9epP2Z9XFH0CiiE7VvueDhbgKxXhR4Pji3Pb2tnXM03OS9Q7kDdKdK8iQ8PKCxigWMMcrkfExOdtDAIZNi/oDh+qKDoBqiHhoNdwqbC8NpwIJ633QsA37+c+QsyTSQDnrbq1BGhqyJQdGgz4c66uPOp/ocOI5DW4Tf1HjnxzSfAffkG5J1iOffo7vE4Yv4DrSxzNunKloDjMsMbujsKsy5cLQuKuvrOQ8xLGjnhCw7Z/4s+5uvG5aK2GmyhqbnC7X+OPheWCvJBBnl5kGE8QC/XpMQscM9QW4yuVVVwbptUw4Rw9eXLUO8HFCPxtI6YAJmEysuWChn9X4s+52uqrEaOrWOcG1ORyu5/gj4WnBUco2tsJ2+j/IaeIlao47INChrRhZ8GVy1nOt+H6Cj2jJwtGPX6uEpKclwAWNS+6SlFomPShAORGj8CbBXq3y+TCSRQzCEIDdXU+AIfIlULGoaDhx398/Oevv/5471/DQEN1VsHlk1kPuapeAzUv4VHFExqmvPhzbknU3bfdB+wul6lhT04ONiIIDdTRYQ0oIlbqOPgJ6hxy3/jeH779du9gmGGLOeJHP4zOakLGFO1msx3MJ8VxpVT+HgAQ59T/qTv/mCbTO4BzyZHCY5hmaWKCl8mU3C1q7p2QvOUVLo7haippbfPSWnz7YoJ0phSk1lVsLaWly7VQ5rgu3EXI4ZIDnJfjxmQeITHolUpEKmcEcbd5kTnnSDa2YLLsj92SPe+Ptm/7tG/t8cPt+fN5+pLwzfM838/z/SnOVkU7S+qB0WM13GcsooMvsafulLcwkjoCpl5KUstjjDhkYyku03e4pTsL1wRGGUZSSmwubzNtMh99BiX1479ltDPIgRmqvvs/+vzTihIxYih+yvok1NWs6ruAJVQfTeekyV+C+q1XRwRQatj+TB92BInhacFJGxhm8iVwfDKLSxyhhrVCQwCYrR4arzuRIWFBYzLQUrfX8ELc0tAVUKu1HUyZxgZGcIXHQQoHRXezRn4xQeFv0TuGDh06tJKieza/1EsJPzjRWoXLtWsuNpkVNFBQUlYShDOYGiZwI22Quj22L/l2lmlGdyNFaTuYTHH22oL3FhrXUKyq18gtCYkVz3zBWjiC1BJCDfeaHSNw6HxCQph9IMfliyXJPbI3Ehrer4d8aTWDyFZxaugAJGmVuq02qAo7RZjBafH5Wpe2bZsuZw9j4dlytE/V13NVCvliQmJFqLkXCgqK47doqsTw7fGR8XGiTbg006/Bq6Z3Iw0vNxAaZuUMXxozFtmbAzTpkfpt1lOPKkRSe+ELjqCeQ4VGVbOCKjzag0LDAUePouf2d4TQcOvw9YMHD/79StOfEWi4TIxWVlbebLIIJzvUCrxubsdmqsJ7CqXBYzNhmfhqERhIL5TU/R8mtbNMhIZSu57S20slkvpjnKSO3UCP9PKYRnHjeUKg5HPZk7KysieyOylKw8r2w6XVcAIh3G1WKIbXaGfIUlJ3cZPNY1AqZjJAQxtmIP1Sl+3Sqa/EXF59DwlijMku0RzlJFU9hv7vU1BS4ccJU3d4ST1Ef80t7Zc9vyZAncl6XNE2k7eZ0PAFMNqg6tNkoIY3PlMaSLfUa/jn55faBtIjw1Kr2mdxFufvw86ygqrBWoW0wN/6ao3GJzzCRdciTTcra2tXiE5ktxZf1I3AK6w3LNxBA9NVuKb/Xt7urKhhbxIzrAka3uU6B3qxVvHvVcDrhadRavU8SmxnmYQDlG501EGpcrpBC7fHANq8ohFSJanEhKaDbqL2EDN0aFfN2FJ7zrqPLKDhzcdc3KoVPBanhkbc7yFdUrft0ouKDpE+2YRutFdHXZYEME5QLcCJMIMPGGkSVwgdF3ailh1EO+KgmAuPsCM8l6nb5e6NhIb3A2xtCKkB/FvcQaFWuq3w3nLbPv24LX07ii0BwjHaS/hC2y7yFzzEq2RmuFoHzLQZkwsXtDpWUFAcCDQ8ICAzjIyvhCczNaHYWGiY5+rIkFgGT36VUWqg3VK/4cXP+9On5OwZk10/fV1G9eXeOMNJ6ghAoOFXCgxKCvQcEBgamn59kBl/ODyeDA1FEUclM14jErZy0c68tY+sVOEwW2zObdQMZKxbSBvcUpfhy18+2J4WGiYiRHA0yNhP5Bc4SV3oQTWhAidpIwgLTIsLxPUyZuwn+pDnM7dU29ssdKKsT7eibCS1Q84W2/Kb6sSh4RlmcJPwRvPaHol4UYsGdXBPMQaD73LGK4hX4RSlaqCkTEBIE8vEaVZS1wnkNu0j9nNLutJkSeVtJjS8hZu5EmoZykX/BVj98HEj9Vi/94u59H6JkI/oHXUQgeIl/hVYWG3JF+ACZ7cDSppWAuFj8iSxyh4xBxqDEyJW2StMN7/jpapKv6yxYa3Q0MjXNjXLxb/Xm6AWIK0uD1mhLcgp6GxsTIUOH6h7Gf0+Sn3YxUuuBa1D7eT9V8IGmnYdCwaHRtXI32znl3r1rxQacsN8ppnphngsZJ1Z6qZJq99KVwSKJHvaI42pwiFPsi+4yiA1YefxqgF0JENDgPNfmTTF8blGB9xFQ7W1QQsSCznv4KBB9yBjj+wNtTTwmWZuXC8e1qCgpX6a9vhtdIWqoOCDVos2VTikk1gZYg6O/utF3tJwBCClGvqjQS6COXUvJAbG1LCIwEDz7fGRhxAbiOlvrTs1ZAENA9GKtdhihqvQJnWRtNdvONd2WSIZ1EYCqYqAtLMvuLLfjcUsDRcUCDSc54NcZHFoOMAaGuC48vtkaJigVtgbrZJQvVJoiGaaeYG4qWEGeKRe0uD10+fauvLzuxot7ftSQIMWPu4Y+0lAUsfj1RmkJOQCF+RiFbp4+jgJl5XJkKrTU9wSZNS7ees9spHUXb4Aug2I5kRcmwR+qYc0uFz0uf7BoqJuS8S+J0WCQ0THSGqVsEsUPF5VI0ENy1yQiwE8j8/9UcYJ6olsKvnn8aXZ3es9solp+IKvN0Ljb2XoDwp3AWlzeelz8yV5Oybn5ycH0FCGfWrmYq5dIZxXebyqKdcWJcXQdHBBLqSw5YCK4E7Y29REURI0qPgH4qivJG/t1LBXyAxrggZfrDeOeOyBHv4OvgtJI24/kdOhAUolqEO9AyqCU/C61u/LudN4VIH4PeqjkbKB/ytoOB/Nn9KIx0IyeVZuG5SUUrVLolIAJQ6GUfOfVsdtlSZ7Kc6dxjNyxNDAR8p6gSoJGuBwWJC0y5eHhuypIRtoiOVP1W8VdVAwPUP8BpI0yZ1MD0zMhAP9FgQaLI6hoSHGYOBc4k5jTXUzYmiIpdOE4pP6ICeppulU0MCaGsLTmbtkbxw07IjnT/WLKg32dy5GUlXdkiILwJQYhobL7FHzz2DZ1GPOOVhTPpYMDZ/E0mkOoNBwOAU0vM3v01cKDYIei+J4xbZV8tIkqRzuyn/qA7gJw+0INExQLLFXjlITAQ7ZW8DDdO1rScWCABr2p4GGN3loGNk8aEgd7LgIpHx4/ZxoIOQ0U8GFkRTe9iz/aj3AlUDhRJzqHdRrrKSC6l0RDtkbwOW06TR1AucrcZP9cJVArK2XeS25Ssy+vs7jjWyyJ34WS7L+U0ZokFpp0ozPz+bdkzOqTzODRD86iZHovTzMxTScBUioiJ5Lp3Er9Sg0wM0oYUIcBNJnoGGIhYarO9dMDTFs2LtmaNDHeiyKf9/Odhtye5kGVO/iRi9Tr12OJF1oHbyCj+R0gjMthS1HQWvOia6uhHpQ8b69glwLaiSdD+J/xD2RG63UYj4vnnYZYW03fq+yGR4dzOyCrIXXIze8PshtFYdWogUXoKTOgM7t+0KhfcLwhahOUV6MT3ZG3RMqJO2Sd0+MZ3RPfAMHRTbQwDcQk5qoraLUMMzuPb8XsxQUqADjqDBgF5OZ4afqlSGWGoi5bf3gbE3h8WPloW3/CoWEcQ3OWLWvVkF+JiOpEebp95uU7omHI7cyuSe+CTVkYWko4d/PsZKB6TIwub40Litol0gaAe2X+mmA2JQHqahGe5x7o/xITWFDtWI5d3lqakEADbdjhTtuxU0NuissM/zg8Cfp3BMr1Kt1T8zw7+dMPRZLOHp02UB3fr4as7mlLhJ0JkNDVKPdJE6WyqsbCmsaqnveye2bmhLGL4wpo9W+4q6IBYrjstMEEgm5kNI9sZHQcCplH+2Pebzygq9Eum2/995/uL3nosHSzvfqcIZKjVgouf7SXV6jfZsaHFQcg5I6Ul5fdK2je1BojmiOFu7A4nOlVG+UNpKtF1FkC+r/une9RzZNxP/BG9ltGZpMfMReLm6XGR/IK9Eo4Ub0mhSziciQn2/XRRX80xB27HhhzVmgl+zqOJkADtHCHaRceGw5LndYuGQ6ATeEKM494WjcvnMdqOF1YWWKtUCDkzuNkH0ylEZQGLk8K3tOjoWrjupFG1O08tAQjLTWacpBOcBbf9Kppwi1sIxkvG+vIM7SooPUMBRUo/kQWyI6hhpSLW0qNPyXuWuNaSrL481mBT3GXbIhabI6iviYxEGvLkm7lzsmzjbp3WtDaQNcylztbqrMQinaggZakDJopgqdTiFBjS8+rIJNIBCRGDL4CBbiA5iIyyxBkmFZIXxBwyc3M85m7zn39HH7pA6PvR/Qaknon3vP/3f+5/cYF0Iaa4kn62KOGup9OitncnJbSZ2w7oSx14YxaGCNRgVD8JVi1DN2DUlq7DMRQIM5ABo8OhbN3DWeUIenG88dbDgRcplGDYmABp3v/vgxtluD75yKuL7pLziu7QgRSm7YqOm+hVADOeRSQvMBoKzx5Du8Xs2DpkAohR80jAblWzlssFKk630YaHjaZoOUBvLqjvgx2SvJaTAI98dp8DQevQ/l0hQxe5Iz8eOTy4Q6h/X5QcM45+YrBUDV4/knpFzOTYWDhrPgXgA0dNCX30BKA5sUhQi5aBIPNlYQNHgimwfi++Mo8Tq2y+AwzMlLrS1RpKXdFGKPUosUQR0LDcjxVADS9LxuClaqf/5xj1wu7wkMEHZHAg27p+Qn0CxnPBoRcoGsjPRjrR5o+Bu+P0qz/xSjue5o+qQUn1OVwdgv3ATC/CQeeIX98wJnb9PKYKUcGQMujuTMQXpWv9sX4WeRQO7VAmyh4fQ+qbQRHdUvkOodv1ru688JgIZ/Y8gex4Vyyw6lT4y9fv2Q0ATOE2NiyLDBzzVr4XDrI4bTW3UkyRlvxgYNyUYTJDW0kE6/CN8HG6RmNL5o4QagacMyoIY4C/pSQcN+HmTWpZ4tksVryU5Z9tGjRUC3XyLBU3NR1xdNBW55GcJSXQD06o0SK9kCbxBkI7n/PvyK42xrRXaOl8ykvLiA0QUdeZw6J5xsXNeRtmZSc0yyWqDhRURIcBCBzC9LmOjZNgJqsEOySwngl9k9eNlKzR4OBQ1WAcIv9lNUTo4KtF2Y2ZlPtnR2tpBGSGDY6YEjB7xSfimiSDboUKVcnoAv5I3nQojlM4eXZb2Op0twfUr0bksENPwXTaLKsxUX43g8GQWdlXrTpgbfTpII0142sgg0LPQDvlIUOPNsm8dFdnd2NnvRVKHp3fuUlPd4pTwtokgOaLx8pbTfvw/YSd8dEWDCgzIvaxJLLpcLNSQCGp6hSdRpoi1uLhNixMqcUGzj20mGjonThieEbXAVUPGVIvgOOM/xneyHXjlCDf84yIOG23ilPEplieQTdHGOihkMUk/s6RN25XbOZGPFkssVBQ0ZkbXsVpBbm3r+CGGOE0iVqSdK+Upp+ZU6H+8ky4PGxNtFA4NeNyiotgDKtHfXXrr90JtDXfQ+6G/14gX/ZR++JUuZYOurQb5SFpV7Muif0Lv5i6Xbu9pJY2Yk78Nf5rfsSaAVbnmLJ1HfxGyETZ/8U0sg7jC/Zz7jGzcToYS750iBVFjIKlGltI3T/PbXtli4wGogapBmeHicYPeFkbQF/SZmGjk5bVHpg3SvUn5RQ8f/RpK1sVxl09qChl9/gSZRpeDvcZKpnkJGbCkw3Fi/Xu83Bg91i27gIEgq/MykBbD1KSv7ktVk8+LDbpMOPTuZmf4pdGqdLLgfZMLWZ2Ha6oMUFX3CY/DaxVeK5NTSDVFRw1qABsk5dJyljd+Sr7u0jAGxGgNn1mHCzGE4MChkGdVJRFizS77iFiCMKCRrJKdqhjWa/AbJMZRodr6IuS/6Vg1QWSwU49Nc3odafwdye7pfk5+vviRZY9Cw7koVPM5SPo7rC+l0MEwZXNL7/GfWulDQ0KeBDKNFE4XsLCrABekAD81vFRYukgPSDLWOczROS+0IdNRmi9kOHj2sFKGdxr6QI2d4WHtmBOkrR8fGRp8vKZViBUHDb3/SQiaH/j8xQijwrKGM0erq+b/4jcFljWEGUBpb4a1bi3KQw1cqLwc0pFwQjg+7uemUd6MaDsoxxxBllN82iagO00pYKaB4h1HDz20EkF1Fbk9Ph16OPbi7FKvIRA8oEgENmx8gzktZXBvEzaN6Rjt8E0HSOjyoDzNscMphLzxwDVQj3w/q4LpxYUsNKexQOkcPZiX1o614OWEK1lx+dE8FCnIKwLWtAmj4a6sBmrcgoUZ9pTm/NWSqseqgQSqtlBHZBHDtjJdimV6pYJRGuE6b/WfW9aH2V8LAoPcaIsmcVDGzvhOaLvlsUoeNpuWTW2fdaCt+BAyKLC0eUXylVMDPI51085WyzcL/6rCxNmdE5/i0X2YNmJFIK9zyNQE5L2+3xHOE/PitVqb85i7/m/jUT2wL06YMeWEvbK5CJJmTKkNauk44sDIZpRsGjA7OdWFnBgO34nVHgYgTIa0kKFipRv9rJQAKK+x/MwONRmhPt8ag4eMvYOuTfRcbMkDo9FLLKIZuBBuDa0MDJnYa+fX7s4c2NwUVAJ9Tw8mZHJomPzRVJie3DnOcuTX5JoqsryslbopTBwBl4VG+74FON2oBMKBiztTkG+3T0hixMDvWAjRIJA35xgubEmm1GG7VZYe7PF0ycyxLlmHpRI5yv48a2Ww+VUk2LyywnFNiB7LSUoIRWzJcABVoqWOEn/NcFVV9vEJFrIgNdRzQkLUrCij4V0/PFEyaiDNqCNwNOI3zPBEuaqrXkayJNGDpRIFBihWChWx+hpmvVDerGZC6QHZuEVCKDRzy8QOsEEYNI4yqgq8U45svQBPi5R81JAQaLl78cdj808WY0VUhuVWY6HIWhBs2HNOQLMnpsXRCdTXFJXBBO0nrOx3ZstBC6qabykAJXymFWFZxBj/AZUJ01c8EX6lqSjuSUGR2oqghMUfIP4y+HFuiOn0b2vo78Qa4HITreadI+YScdAvK1DzwxKcQ/EE+dYWT9x64TJuysqpAUW4JhAfBlxuh/OPAJIAGKyg4fDyH0keTd67+pGHDBk+lufF1vPYazFa3+tjxRGYoaNg+hyrFWLCXzKPbmAv6iu64R7f39l6m2a23Gb5S2UCErpK2MgjlH/ZBCRZWygL6Z4WXUUy4VwQ0RHV9HBm7+v1IbJXBnTs+N0YYWNKDZzK52nDzRpam22lasFXjP/bevfShN/D6lu6YpNsvH+qibbt+JyNKc2XAJrIjf0FZYKWqwT7hNQ0sxw9bgCnoLU1rymlAIdJff/dxXMwQHNaGgWiRIfyXZCRN/DqFpRMVVGYrZs60aPbYSVt3t420bp8i+NYnI+ZEsQNOAeVbMJRINxA5xw8XADtEWnHD5D70gGKVsicCUgeAdfgRXJ9P1autx8wqn6D+K7tfFuHkFhFHUnNOct2sN4SGZeoLsERT8HVwIf+xPAuzaS1AQzTUsHt3IhEU/GYHKQFTc4kICrn0VrvdWYatByoIqbkZEWkKm81WQZ5r081IB67qDfYMEWaYYXLwUocOLbbpEVc3T6XYnNiV2N2WePbExYRCKBxoW1dXpI2Qd3muxqpuUGBvmWpligOZNvHwamgIzRw6SXPKtmcORVsQywFer7HLymEwjUIotGi9P0l9+puVRA3LkT0RAzQkK0qwDj+Ce9/81PjcFaoCqwi986SP5TDXA48u3ryiB5NmJ6+5+x/NigcN2IqtmtoK214mhYr9OWX8PwINcNwgTQA0pKUzSAlYK9NEMNqenxufe4w/9e9Vpg76FRaQPJJ3CehhMilrsMotvyc2z5zEKN/iFtggaL3nF7rJ1QcNnqjpkSkpTXEOPO5s952YbOebd4fPrIcNjyI50TvRPjGBP3UeaJ8o/la4iieK2+GfXcUTB07Qbndx74Hg6wSNUX6BG72eELppBZgIvOXOcqsnljl7IswzevMz4cC5HKjD7ry0O/VWe2sjyMN9rFVt8mkpW9Fg648n5I/XXelRKHquoFYhXPzdoVFhiabgoNYobLlziNdLiqD9QNSw2qDhVBmRW15eCqI6QxoDoCEwaTAKJEl4UBHJcdLvHYIYmRtlFdFsHlYBNHy064MDa0IishWC49//qDv3mCayPY5LcsXds5gYsgmJL0DUTYxLVZKO46wRg2lTJjyatRQZxBuWTQqU8NILFFzucgm9PC5bm3Aloeg/yCMpocq6hCyXJViJL7iJSkJcEpErhH8g61/7jyZ3zpkzLYUz044WKOevmTDUcpw55zO/x/dbKyWewnmg4R6KNNyBkQbcK9hPE90oRAWMvUyBcJqM5/qxUmrYPMMq/9TQqU+5DBX/aqQ0nkRoSNOIkYZLdIXVJZRpiR5W0T7Q8MSz1I1C66pRPHHlqp+VUkMoQUOLOiUbKv7VSXlPeKHBG2mYRlV6K+fatWdIOtIWZi8G0aEjaNkqxv3SMaEEDQEMn++bqsqHin+aYaKl19GjS15o8EYaHmJ8gIkKwqBYUTYLTaQZT5yxcvOhQXam/OBVTKz4lWKheIcFfF/247eqyoPr/+CTYZFhYRbPk2S2m35NhKPdZDahg8QeCl4SyY+w1cOGFTDKGeEUr3SsA56hi0MdGgg+E/s6kCywyhq1FhnwnVfrhQYcaTh9n340I1YoC3Hqo6tfM2NjRQWMtCT0EZo0zBAFMYFRw7aAhh27DXqYnpL8eY2YntCf8NQ0NKa7sIZDVQDQ0OlR1TJsCTQEjRqe6QDIkfYYavakJ2LGUbkxlBPlloWYA50aADQ04rv0IpjayFBDsKBBkhoaMtUAFH0nKQzZ6k1P4JqGNu4JPIDH7hqC98SNRh9ouPucEaU3P2xkqGGjoWFXXREAKmuXpGHViCc94a1pmEWCOisw/C4PDU647WV6pDeHtzM07IKVGerMYbIPKD9sYsxuzFvT8Eo4OHefiFcH1kBDpWdnDDFo+FwRNByAlRlqM+kvPgn3+HimGt8QbZHaHowKlHCQOOAII4010MCKO6PNc0VoQwPZmmrfhAYA/RqfiFWqj13e9ERCuh0T+6DA7qfvDxL3DL04NSh4eEjcCUutMRtIDZsODTt2XG2QK0w8ocEp0oodsHui/5KLLvkis00OGtakJxrwS8BFpnkroOETQg2xa7MQXcMyBhQJOlwImRpzCHdPGPqE9+c7PGiRoOEwFoHPAygQ2ONo8gAAIABJREFUUYN3xmLF0LBvS6BBsqxhd33nTRnXqk6A/uw0ML6nrxXOlJ2umCtaxkrR4yTHqj9XpSd4apjAeJWlGBoUUcOGQwN/13QlyLhczgrVQaXMWdQ98Rp2T7xB9LByLlHbS4IGp2964plnZzy2raHhr7uGu45JmYfDLmqhENKoWwh3Uj33V34f0A6NaeWgIfwVRnacnnAYRenNbQ0NUF689yDRzAxBQ5gD/dnFLL/j20097YntPY42sxZDg5YIDRR+3NhKdIqTqvzEbQ9okLCzjI6Oejt3eG2YYdV/dS7a+rKYzF2xs9TM69cnKW5pEEcaZsjd+pxPeiIGr1p72cxd66mB1EMRF7c9oMFfp4UetVymn+DxAuk01P6HpwfoO3XhHUdu7vQUQgp9lkmleNlSos5Q/0XQoCFYoQZ/47aaSatmYX/mPY9OAy6JdHFviTaXPoWQUfM4uFXNnAocF249PaUw1BBEaPj37o8aVbCRkAVQiKFvwuqm00dv3MCJCnv6e6LPZQcuhLSis6dAeBpL9QpwIe7nOIXUsAnQ4Mca+xFgq9MYBmoOiDoNgjPCyrkBMzHoHl7pUwjZghnCmKugpuHW01uhBg1y5uHoWeVgI6GKdfLv2k6zVqs1D4WLiYoeC9kQVGcsXlUI+VBA9osMpQAa5vsOhx40SA0BGiKF5lSdiz+2a00mk7aNp4d2BA2mDCI0uMRCSDs8i8AlDsWAUgANX321f2ugIU6SGdYlftZIRQ9XopbLkbP8rTbLURT9aGnnrBDwe71efBx70qYJlC9ED4tY/G5zm4SbRGr4y/6gzNTWQsOO+uYkTVHNCXR8pRMpQt7MhO2Yy7ThhEQhBL8plDK6JpEhqvmbLI9BUhANjaktfr/+VdjSk1sTHGj4eGqIVUgNXSWVGsH2LEZUhGxCqkQuupbsjX3Yih5gsafCAGUSL5aDF8jocmrqiV94OPVcB0D3E0WhhuBBw0dTQ1OrRtPahGscBUXImiJ7/6X+Nvco2Rz7fQ4/U0ZPT8V1Ff9iebEaIO3oD1MTH/xKO012qIHqm8eKyhqI0NAX/enjXqzfgYvX4rU6m9kpHDsjvhb0BdpX0Js0eWvotaGlzrEQfgR+zgjDU0NxGnjDH798s7i4zj9g3co1eR12sz7dXtDAL+tunS0DBV8OhPc6nZCoLJAa+JlykmfKyYJSnl3NYjMFmwVjFQy8+uDQq1ddfqFhvAh2sx7fXtAQFplh4++peOG4zd4GqxgoSA2/9jhcRGgIswgSNGaRISBtZbEs/Ix4iznD5RcaoHO1/qc/tgAapJFhff3j2lvuWEWObWQRqbAejX3wYEnwAn8NJcEGJfyTp5GwCjMr7B0tqlI0U0nwk4dTqxr7/FFDHMyZaP67f5tDAzH88Iymaa5Z8nvUZSblGOq9utWMkQVF/NW7azk6w6+409UiVWEZrDkMDjQc2KxQw6qVJUaoEI+KGs90U26uYp4MDZ9HNRZV5lSIPRWHSwBjZEDHLUgD3W7afd1PReSpJNW3Zdn5qlEl1BBEaPhoakA+2Vd8sKDRys+UdTSaDA17bozmanKrxJ6Kz4rQTD2HNPAi1+3O7fAj7jSpV18uy05Rf1ASaiBCw6dtheJC7/fewxvAAcIb8iutSaulxqT2Btgp4IA9Fei+XxoBrBEwi1CdBColUoO+imZroWHfY3VKdtlltX5ym0EDmjI8XQvCwYIFzZRTcqYsNtvI0CragjMFz52UtkfLGY7JQkNUoyo/u+xbddLx7QUNviMCsUM8ZRJiDuQR6Rqx6Rx28czOAJYFLLza4jBpTSazH2j4CXx/raxQ9csfmw4NSpiBcI/FrrvLiA/RqpLcB1xlJeypELopUtWA3/qShvn7pgpufdbUKNmyBlidee1aIfhmf2hDQ0NVc23TVYW/k64CICdgYcebFa0lKOxQRS9fuHDJzjX56QMtEwzEGoIEDcEJNcTUVRhq6wKkBhEL6roBAN1NUQGOuYLrz5G203O3q79/KMM6KQsNL1Af6N8L1acUJCiCCQ3ksoYr31U0V3X6pwbfBokcWBT4do/U8KWJu5Mv+JmCSYcO99hQ/xh9Xb6Pohv1gf4zX6MkQbHx0PDyzfSjxSUZaCAm420AMNSZcH/jiChJwk3D96IlbkZ4SXopCw2C0u4PKd2hBQ0Jt5sNqQn+oGENXll0/ExlLIQHNBYWxijq4UGkxT3w+7mVeNogCw3HhT7Qf6hLQgsazoxZLGNnAoUGYcRTDACsOVLq56hFIsJ7udnhyIAX200DqP2iRxYa/ifI8ZfJSltuBDRIIIPIDG9TDRXj8xJhBiIy7Nx5luNnyrYouWd4W/nR7pFQkfnsdgwys2o7f/63Nl8t7nWhBtwHmu1H2nKroYEHIEsGZ1D0kQ16tjy5lAU1Cv+tetx2YSmQvczjx1wQHGgITi3koWbabDFzzYcCCzUIEDCuZpOTSxl1XaDUIBhXffa4eww5VrknZOsZsJ/UD2BCQaghuNBAoIb6AkExVRE1jAJjcrmR0c/tCWhEi3LSo+5lweVySjbQgFXAfwSjCqhhw6FhaZCamaHoN4qgwQJK88qNwHYmQGgQV7NF6jQhHbsWGkQ/5mzwNJSgAQqowRilImigQFqekKkJdAiRioew7WLl/DLXJQMNUR7FKd18KEHDEKUd6NFSvUqgIdIGqvPSWOAIC2xERGCAwP0XA6ZhuRXnX1hxqlCzudDgJ8zQaOW3PrqkjxxmICLDzrNQqZCfqemAdg/v9nEoHWlKXrJnzsuEGvZhX4YvU/4WytDQwsF9/B1doeSXrGxxKYBGHgpNJFqEAsoLy1y93GWid2ZhUbCgIRgJilp6Gbqe0lVKQg1JxmIjYBigngsYGhA1TNGCNbbdeksGGibxAv9l/gsFtZBBhQYSNRjod3fu3HFxLQoSFO91pVksnCn9n4FRw567q1wu+4eGMjrkoGHU68esQK1ho6HhJUqQnr5PP1AADb38+g5ddIDtoCJo2Cl2i81My0HDhEr0Yx4NIWhIQFLtv1nShxVAwxBITkYzpYAaUMiBakfQcN5cJRdpaM0Xta3nQggaerUDK/yX7yFEoqShwQzyyuGCDrRhioYLF1Ammm7LrTi/eGyw9m8mNPhhhnHOLsjJRRGYgYwM/EPEZKWhmVr8P3NnG9NUlsbx+TCTWY5hMyEkJBV3Zx11kwnxGkhKrleyO2FC095AaeybvYoJFENrscXOBiivaoK0EEabVMkC+mFHwERTZlxC3ChDEIggSgaEGJcPIwvoBx0l+2WzO5PsPefcW25fOZcpCH4jQeXpbc/vPM//+f/lXTrL6DWcUMT5Eu1dFogxWLqdbO407cfHeLGMQIirQGOCeb0WEyMvrrJesIda4xL+a2J2pq04SdCQjFZDTrEYEPs5eathFFhZ1qpQWFndTVmthgkBGgKViaDhUSiPeVbG2mVyoSGaGno4lIB9w+M6SU4NtcDCQCGalcm/TAgNmBpmjUO35/k/noZE0PCLEIjRiqWThNSwxdBw4IUQ0RhrfysuNBgZC4B5vRpwTx40cIOxtsUioGH3E9AquIBP7Rxo+FT08ZUc4xtDwz3WCrROqCx2yIKGw2jrgocGYyJoyLCH8piXdxA0jOM9059UI+TQkHapyg3V6k6tqHUk/HouQkNdQmg4JaZoKbex0/DZRnIGYbPtDVdGjAwfPVXXaaFanb80H5R4bW58fqxHuI8m0kLmh1K0djA0tGBD6C9v0DKaBueBBi9y6dnwFO6eJpfdez/+D/q42+hfC5gTOkqbC5uF8IJkQUMStJBlwqu+Rp//mJgaavlKOfF6kiGMDEYNHfb6rPithuGxIQQN3FxCTUNJuRBeMCnDrCHJ0BAdXUXfwGGWXAu5GHKWrcOLXBYQtj9xud7OV+pyfGqYGIN9httD9ELCdUshzvUE9ViGW8NWdxpWhaXvQfoP5NBwz1SF3MYVGhCm8Ds8YnR4hlbiQ0PIzG41UafhESXkdeuu7aBOgx1HK33hn5YBDZe0LN72rqMOh1fK4Ri/lYAaHEEEDd/T1xN1GkaFDLvykp2kaUBdkth7pvE7DYwbu40rqtgwWcOAUaVyBBJIIbqDgqdkWaJPnBmM7M2Fp7YPGjaQM6SkLIkeOtH9pHjI8NH+H/gPdHeYcSh6o+3ff2v8zp1Y4iSRGr7hBtADPMAtJ7J4mqVaccLR2+2GhhaDq+2qPGj4kpYRJ9UDTIwGGaO4ldLvF3HGgJ82tyToaxjhfOI2XZTorz/UA1OG088VFqQmDxpiU8ODO3fm88haDeuoWEauhfQCltU4sa+odNOymjP6PXTHctxWQ/ZFI2SGkbHhhNAwDI7yD9lZZakcX8jNQMOV69PT1f8mowavAA1rBNAQkjUYGMakQWehSRpv+bN9zOg3jtl/jjugeNzrgcwQ6E1s87QATjTD5OouOR5Pm4GGfd6OjqJ9ZNAwLxzjZ+in5NCQy4IqK6oUI7lA7+l3qIKdfSrPSlxoeID8p3lCeZUIGn7TBVOGm0+Aha0WQi7VdrjqM7YQGmpMQIsqpZfGW67056JKPY8PDSOqP0No8MRqKkpWLnuVPDW0HgXerYaGrOoO16hMaAjKgQbWBNxWjOweiXLB313RF6yo8MTXNjiwE3VfRUIh5LuCwnPp6Y2nqZdbDQ2vvz7y9l9EzJCSxUPDDZSAXUvWZoAthd+BKuC2YGSXqkaGVH3BoCrWmFE8QOyO71FOpuHTRGYNj9Q2nq8u2NSvtxcaDnUApU1JkXk2pwrmjvytkPx8vq8E/Bfc1dUAybl+HskjjhmnI8/6r9q9Qgxmj5keeOOn7eIv0FPd1h7D66FdTdkKQb6c5YkNoCFmqyFvjK8URc0TtRruCqgY4HI+Jm41+ChYKeiMUqeTYIEX2Uzfpu2RvLDkLfLhVsNUJR0IGMcWxOnE1MLCVAxqmKBgpUqy5fhCxn43/jURM/ynBBTagPo60YDCx60haPBPnyTfu5yChUKR2VWlEi54giq1RldHAsPN4WEcXfXbJ730eMBYOhGSL8wuxFq/nIPvCnDkMzkhFJuABl8BDF3X+YigYVPjCQ8sFAqlMOVKpxZ9/0TmhyOR0PBqVbwBzec+O3PmWe6i2GpdfDj/KhoarjWgSs3t3mJoqFcD+CZfJoKGWhpDA8wmJh9PoEpBp0hGcoKuOPp+QpWK8rm49VxYOlgxqoKDnQ6uXdzXr7U33Y2GhqxS/l1BUU1b7dNQpKT4F6Q3iyx7om8z4wlYKThH1QOjtI/Qh1WOkb2GNL/Rg30eDqoqgp3Biu7B78RD++1MjL3K1wWwUko5KwGbgoa3FKzUqXcEzJCS4UJ2cl+s0e0EbQZIDMjMA1XKgmzaJTojFVLBBFVRvYYXq4tP8flhdvgH/A7zXcEacrna4F2KbjVM6oDNBgpffri90GCnjjent54gdDnw0msoT0JGLkRqCaPR660sq1dodZLvG8QYq/Cg7A+KdHyda/D4o6WpuHjaK/z/71cCSgkKYuxf7qrt6Gg/9EEyoSEGNYzBO1XjUbBIRA1tjjU0nagmNmvIuKnj34h6DWNCgdnrjQYhxuoNFy6P3GeAj2SJD1HD5EJlZdewwAyP84FSCfJj7F8+WmiYm5IXQSEfGq7kK+FNoZz6HxE1uIzH4HSC9pK7NfjUJiscPmtRIsU6GqAUzGPHAhfD5ZGXOyCN9T5C1PDLXGXl3LAoXigASgr0xti/nJxtmJuUF10lGxoysnTCTWGZSAjJPcOReS/IoWEIChqcdcCt0FMeyfVZcD/slIQzwUc+j4afcnSesHxJ0w+F29CBRTWsFPc02mBmEm6zbrEjZMaPynLcTlwigYa7HGo1+CX7DBtBw55xKGhwVgGNwglGpJdCHGPVZ4wQmHZDxMA2mysjDpWqTZxDNin5SlH2KGjIyBjtMLfd3GpHyHpwujG9+ayylwQa9txC59efgjKEkGm5oM6psJiABSZSrH/fKMRYVUQIHfyQMZhcNMg4aOyu6HYMYJ+GTP7Q5ms1E/mJk5mZ+bcjp76Wty4pHxoyZ8CJ1vTm49SRuMwgfQLr+QsJf/c3mvdu2GbAxIA41K1XWFnGqXADSYHHRVJ7HnbMHFiElVKv4ke4qZgrhuwJX64lMzz6dPVR0LD72pOuhpl3H24vNNxXijNJIu+F1DbOE/DTLhk6SC80L3daNMDtZCSskRqKsSqKcF2osugtJnHTInWXCAOHSpX8oX3OppbVUdgkNMRoNTwQZITl+UQDihwX7Ql4aFcOucOTAYaCO61uYLWC2nU4WObeoBDMyEQKF//e5WFM7fs9XqjMFtsM2QWFZ/mPjcKC7GREUMSBhn/Eh4b/4i2N5sJiogFFyzTtDxjptl3kHk8NcExvsdYB/rGShE+MjuEYq8hEikrK7dRr2IJsLIb8e4gRJtW2c+nNf1GWJCWEQn6noY1qxDNJA9HK5QMud3DwWe6qjJVLFDFosWqBvk7aIBVzFqSJFPwj/7QGAr6bqRHmH3mhOcgLqvxCeutxintP2RMdonCpiGjlsp1z+P0O7jr5yuUKFDToLVYTq69iJUOb9RirsO2TfjWr0Tvdorp05fAPoS4HONoIb2H2mNkTGSlbDQ2lNkG4NEq0cjmi6uvsVOUOka9cDsBQcL5SrElvuiSNnOiLmUgRYExWvVMrmkinHQylXL6FhzZ/C5uJPs+3I3siU3daFC5tzAz8K9eExunF32zQZggRAwx20aBKMVonK5UhO0IzoTBV5CIP+HpLFZgX1i5z9orOf13U8db0C+XUaCxbSLkBFL8eGrzCctkFQCZtTC0zmF31cqSVlSb+TqjVak0Mky/5ua9iQ8NJId7EVBK1S4GPolalazugIZoaHobUz6+IWg2fX3eZXdf3yvCFLNAqnLBSLAN690VAA8q+rJe6Q/6IJTZ69iJeu1z/WsBHUSM1kYzgqnjQEJ8aikPq5ytE1HDV6zIbyk6SOkN+8sllys3fnvlKMSyQNBowNETHWNVjHa6TsX/7bTgJdClb1+0YfjU1yIeGEkH9fDqfzNzp1eod7uEDcnOnlX7+V7cIlZL03PeshzOFQcM8DmWyRG+I3bM1YzsG3/uBBrW4InWRzNzpmyazufq8DHOnEXhx5gtVBVhpo2GPeCuMgAYH48SjavG03R96F+PX9Kgy530EVmVkiStShS4yc6dbntzc8X5yc6c0B9ArNLhSjH9DaEirwTpcN5B4TiNo+KNwXz2t2wQjJAEaXgob6K1ggoAZUjIy2g3m6dq7GzKD5CFhFXpYKRNg1P0xoAGqTyXUUGMSYunzImQxPvyaNtt6Y6Zdbjs01AJxz7r+/8ydf0gbaRrHe+Ct57tXaUtBSHdvbbfdP0pxeldISOekHh6GTNAYmmRs0kZwI6g1a2JO/BG31nqYVUvOCl5l665/tGsULCkt7dJTjqK2tIvbY4tdDu0f2lVb2HbhWLiWu93j5p15J8k7eSczamL6/lUyAenD5H0+7/M+z/e7LT3LZbYGAtxexLAuTG6hz84zw1XnORxiGpCTo3Q8s0JMRcatgQYpNdwoFeesZ1JqQRFbRr814IczX+xovI70ft6c6Qvp9YQNOUb7qUMSaBAHcU67UuGRLQMNO+WpwYPmrJvAX9MgJ81RwyvgbjDDSAVMH8crP/5ULl5PjGPuVci60WzZIYGGaCr6vRrDy9RDQzGasz5VkiIZ6cTbCYfDzFg1VrMJmyMUryci+PUEMovTsFPSfp7otO63mYEGrSjGMppKGWnMxNLqhn2QDT7TXaxzgXw9Ifo9m3QSaDiPUtEZ0JoRl8sVNKSxuzakUkaa2+zUy0hDODBxzMBFyuEzYT2PbcTriQLk92yN86sSoOEf6LzaCZ5lBBoux8RYVDADQdGJwAwHDuCTSxo/TH1uth+bvsHmXKOJZgaZxTWAJ5ISdGxad/yNgIZz6B1vAt1pgoYg64YNaxp3GMeDXucg3wjpxe5FOmgNipy08uFBqfAk2BJoSCg1rImKbtrCNFlQtPiYAIoUhgft+mt8ex8+hhlC3rxusCQpNUQlP0pS4ZEtBw3y1OCNKrqlyYTigjbg58ssjA7HA6ER8uXsQ+x2YhSlQobaISk1IOHH3dWjuSmghvVDQxCBcK0nTdAwBpgA3LStTFiHSRa1wVz4g7QRsh+lwkC/VEJf1AUrDWUGGqKyr6E0QcOXgGMGuPEwOB6s1vMto0O4jdUqSoUa37AEGkaiqag5I9DwVJR9pZrT4T3BSzs5zLxdNiPBA6ERMjy8gN1OIEdxjckggYa/RHXBLmcEGl7EZF83wgyKyADLUQ4zb5fN4H2mEkUthA1P0HlZAx7jKSQf1wV7L+PQsK2Y147/pHR003n4z93Emcd2YBa2rUE7riPZXq4faNPPXdymrtLgLRVT0RZBg4QaCrW8dvwZrXPTxlW3rxC3uD6Atq1r+las47HDKQiY5slUGvJwaKiqFlPhnhSUGmShYaccNPwP8PtWJ2VbpwlFIh90dxOpIUTz25aDeTn7FdbxaNPbuUjZ8JHLuEqDhBrQrebZ0kuqoOH7VENDu3CAb1IYw1MDDWNjxJ1/2IS2rUU86x2tN4QjYcNdfORSvtKA5Bg+oe5lBho6BGo5BXo3Cw3znxYSexqMrHC2ccdf2cAdvt4QiRik0wWylYYrqCbTxfsbbz005Hh5g5ndp7WHNgsNBQsFRLUFmoX/eavbERnGvjA4XBMO1wwP/EJdpeEyUlBrAt9lBBqybvEGM2erS/ZslhkKP50nMMNbE8Dn51PfUATXC4Pa3ZGYNZqQauIqDRJo6BPkGLjz6tM3AxrO8S51pUayWGNPFa0NnlMl3+iCvq+EP3XYQ/utVgcT+WJAYg7R3WrrO1+Jfybb03D4MwEMu6jmrYGGhFLDE6q2qfGUtoTY0jD/uIUyOmdUXFDkd5QAYLERmh0OFsM2NAczdMIu8cbu7ajrm8atL+N6GkRdSHE9FCqUjeDve1JQakgCDXLUYIMudccpF1Gp4ce6Eso491oFNbxtswDQ0pr4IGfJaHLDSN08oe/B5ySm73nvTUvEnWI9DTsk1PCI6hKKVw9yU0AN64eGvBA43dh4Glwi9set1FkoC7RSVoSGwhs0FymSkeUEbXJYG9zM5DHJzODql212XLIoaU+DU8sfoI9TrzICDXn7R6nj0MqW3DG6FDJSLcltXkT7DmggNLVMKM7cAWwDjFSRBK/e+s0dLlJSJJPtach28aews9WW/IxAQ96hYu2pxqZa0Ep8PK2nKVdrnjI0vDsBW/lbBolNDT4+UpNDNRg07Cqw63R2iV22fE/DO6XVZ3lXuFtZmYGGF6WCle1XxFnLdo+WrupRwwzLUwDQzm8I4awHAau1gXH/MKSTVAAX7PY4lzCBGlBPg884L8kgtym+dnxGW0H0ulxnJ2QqxJ0+K6cAJSOxFAKs328CZcpJuAOwjDtAuyoJvZNVPobh9vc/2tWMdUqmJ+JLDeB4Z9cpLelPpAcapNQAXw4t2Rl9fpaDyoCJXlYuNcwBn9ttBh7C0ehIi5mP1Al9mQoB6ej0RNSCQjSm4jbYzs7j1Ojne1JQapCHBnlq+E8xR5BeMjMUU2YmQBv/q0gNlR5gdrt9wEt41NsfYBj3wImrs+0qJKTF6YlXcSYUwhwFt8F2dXJJOzc3BdSwAZ2GPEiQJc1EZliy0GbGTJesKEIDb4vDsOAuSXmIhZGaPFZkmFCWkeanJxpi0xOx9dxSerKrsRo8ztD0RM5TSJDF5NmJaSMdYHzAdVARGp5baD8XKeoJ4UbnLuvnIlV07KZB2REUTU8EYtrcUWj4UFvb1NVYS41kpw0ajuQnW0fmjABUjRCflVEmv98Hgte5fyeHBo42/W4/3uooLgMfqcmiyPAugsGl5APJ9EQMGrIuU7WNXU2l2mcZgoZ3/v2xFoDRB0RmaIapjwV1yszwREh9RkKpb3WK5Tb0yOKxSL0KCfdlND2xJs0g+c2gurHrZKllJScFnZCpkZF+u7tSbrSCLy2ZlfsdLlJ8uc5B9ZGKGfrBgj9ARSgl64luW7CivTVOp0ECJtwTbSg1otgqoIEg1lD4fJ68bd/nD7NWn7FQqdRwXigQuAHJyapsdrCAb+RbUQCGXi8XKaTTELOgiFLDI+6J8ZEKZlBRakgCDUmaIV+/lmmCLKfhYdbKtii2NbQKBQI/OJdYaqh8qOMj1Vb+k4K95YNQMDQt6DQsYdZVAjXAbcPyba7a9X3KZaTzVlZkxvCqTPAw22DyKEHDBzf4mGrMFOmKwh4uKoKNfPVKNkwLztkbM/E6DTg16LkYlqztzRQ05OTsXxknR2q/hYWHWQftVYQGPR9T7nc6nwgNq7pwEWz0ICgqS764MDVln4jTacCgIZu3t3eNZKcRGpJWMrOz912R+cZt2idsPh0wIkmhoZ+PqdXUT5SDDg9NFhVN1tgVzCYK6odb6tvidBowaMi6fIt7cislzLARaHj//V99/vXviJpOeb0gIGw+7aTLr3hmmDf6hDqmjjS9ZIjAd2rRcEcBGr65r9evIZ2GhAySn1PGnS2o4ArZIDsj0CC7qoR6iZVWNJ3uQxfsmHxTdLqyWT949eqAnlBoOLwdq1bQLAuKu6EiJFGq6U+f9abKR0MNNKzDgsJiRtdRj5VKDeXogp2tIjw86NUP/utlG7HQ8BQrMtA+Exgdh4qQ8W6XMWx48EAVMqighmTQsPNv63We+JH2o56VESVqcKELdlMFqdmhAkbK7iEUGi7E3U5c8AATF6lLr6AiJG5dJWLDzz/nql9JSw2p9Z7oRVecDFhRqjSgKz0rIKW7MV345uLNsI5QaFiN44ijLcDE0uB+TBEyARtmZggy0lsHDbKrB/XaBYz7FKDhOXICcECFtoScOWEQIjWWPFJjRsCyFLUQVYSUQAOXm89fIchIbxGhN5nwAAAgAElEQVQ0JFt9lLBN+4qVoGECvX2YfFPcoARHDZEaQ2LPAy/DEJV1orlIAbotqggpgYasrO+evcjKyhA0yEk68TqQFWibNgVJDTN7sQb5BtRbRihQrd41RBYXhwx2gsVs/Ed3+EhZZpbXlucJGSQ/J693elzG6vINgwatH7UIK3ZJVqBWfob4x7b3VDidcz0J8lEXWyvK59orox2TcHbAYXIl0bxO2UyHOmhQSw3P0U9MwzqVuhqKhQ1e4zeSnh7pKHc6Q+0JxLDUXB70toviDX1QaEzjpoNSt8sYNOxRvZQuKJJDw3qpYURspqZtSs2QRvT2mV2ku4tX94Iep3daSgz7v7YFg3XRjy9Rbv6trCMYXm5oJaMGIjQkLyUnWR3AikC0TAEaCqNvn464/7cZDDWGm7+Vrn8aauI+7ofVCmsArP3yg6RNvtff2/wa30DRPcnyog3eAWb2yi+o7Lsr+vbZDxxIzJkTdoPB0JbADFDwMSZlsGqEssBWM8B7RA6Qf/JvFjQEo9v0PgVoWEBvHyYUHbuCGODeneF6KTP8usBuGB6uF5sXrtHQO6CBpRek3/voelaq1wagQY5pYROkuE0HLKTLCazIHH37CFj+7uqdGm6FP0K/shijL+gMuoWjsY5JKywqGgvJzfT5yfyx3zBoMKIWYZ9H6ZshFDk/RRaW3N5NGK2Ap0VoLYGowcUitv1wW/qXKmhQXWooFCewTP+n7vxjmsqyOD7NZmB9o8mmISEaZJmKIXENhTG0Ke1GHbTPUoF2BkodRjaxQ621SJHZQisMrkNEoRSCqVSBRQEH/LUQXWKIyoKKUcNIdonO0FkTdtVl46CjboibrDPZ9+O+2l+8+97rszrHfywUjCe3737uOed+v+dhYg3bwPk5Txn+IbNmZiY5hBmuaGTuQYeskfxOMqhrZCMzC1IDi4gEGlhTw//AYzsfaYTdu9SC1VdYGl6t4WTDTGiZ4Vapzu3WyezkqxfiCnAGfRliXcU/NYSHBq4PeLsPGrreX0kbfwXn52VqU3rYGBoaEoaOs5n6Bgb6KHuhVgAe5S30/9bKCHfB17EVmuXU5eOjNNdLVvqdnwlLqjCJ2jU0tCv0i314pipMgK++BStY3RL4rgWgIbJYw2+mNAAaKpAkCDSMgvNzGRLWf0oo9LpTBcGLKlVq6sOtJUBxQkqu4Hw5GvzjbwM0LMwMODQU+x7TsMuWN0CR/TMktEKFLwyh2/0Krihu6LegniEPaumnXOUCCtVh+hM/H2jQU/8X2ARjmoEyv65nXiNIswaYWF72bbzWtwcamFIDGHz9xGdMsSA0VJKfxvyFGrDnwnUmNIRZymMgCXnFt/HWBntkc4KGFRFAA0tqOHxYRQHPTzC1Biv5aSxD7LQu2QExU0/4dLhLiVrDr0d8G++tX/FGDVGChmEKeCRrIJfjlneowWOrdQF3QexP8JdaTR5Cvq+DPBdKfRtvP33z9S2EBoMPeKBCFi3lYNPsD6tDsDh0jg+vxXtI/QHi2S/s8G28AW/dxVmehS54hgY7QIHCr2DtiUw5iex58lQB0/CZWKJkZlqojVf1FlYaaJsTi6gL7flyF+1AAyFhkg1WXxhkwBdM4GePxAYHIf7xHTU+I6fOR9fC39v/OUFDgxi/ulxWqLoMe2dasRz74JaVixuY//ZO4LPt1hNFiDZfkdXFExjU7X8vQmhgXGr4O2itVEF1IVcpCdOzQlUvjUd2UFTLSHlkhxVAA1ABkVfG81JqSJibe8oVGtiONZiJz9hn8lKoxlOnqhDPlFp5eQljahiRAcXtAuJlLUJJhQXezOTeoPj666XfRwcaYvVysrVijYXdqL+AlJfhOW0RMn7A+0R/wTCblK7IygUakh88SI4SNMQWE4OgFcgdKDR4cWfU/GxESmv9HHioRslMXQRFmSpfiZ8naBD1DkcLGkRKfBA0P4/QkKBfVTq8BZpfEXDpATb22DFAZMpjIuG1hSrxq3mqNDydm0vgCRpW0DYnFi16IMFbK/nl8pngQkOIqBOKZOcvK8tDRsMhQ5jAvkEJslKSIHJqDuAST9CQMpfypqDhnYNieXkhomVAAnXbELUaUbHQok5zykjziWekz3aab5jQzgsydDbW1LTX1kUGDYyp4QaCZ6rlKFzhqbcKz5TWQOeRHRR2HaEjvWWwnpiGPCmmxrkChh84lxpuTtlsxskUjtDAkhoO6xE1limg4UBbajBo8UxldUJssv3DjJdkMMJq1ZNmFL5hwqBOBkdqGGk3Gmt6lkYHGlZ9RQxx1oug0IDPUanlSAvzQ6FAgJIP+HV9xK4g1AEQ3SNP5AMakg9OKRSug/HRgYbhLKQQy9R5BpKZ42I8U4Q6ZjrTrdBDZgq1+Bfdl5UHnp+5QsMqe7uixuqMDjQk9WqxTMkRQqwSsqosiBzPFHMOXew1gUyReCXsoGa+q3ipNMxNGm22H2Z5gQYYM+DXeLFMiSUH6Qca8IWVeAnLFCIfZ4YMBDZ8iz4BQtIkoldRNw7O8wENCXPNRpux+f4bgoZ39mu02tJORm/dZ7bmspJQcMpOAGggRSELxJ+Q16F4uSHR2X7s+fS9JldbhNDAlBquXlKpZEeZWFAkdVknckV0Htkh0ADOz24NOdSgIZRl8guVgW/jCA23FMf/NN9ta0rhCg0saw1dxSqt/j9M5KTfy7VanbTWVcFxXUdmyuEiXxcTyjJl6tLgN3KChtvG7k2bjhibl0YFGmJj7VlapVkUC4eGmF0WVNoqYBPg/AygQSBUg2uLsAvljKAhvlLRPD3drKiNjwo0xIoalSrlnfeZ6Gxnjlt0Z2hlkoMrDeD8TNVkBpE8so9j4QMaRGbFqennxxRdrKCB84zEuTUWlSrLTvwdtqqGpKh0kM2SGgyEBkErOWtTEToWwQUaUppsR+bnTxtneYEG2oEGYgmf1Gu1xdWw5gQxK3NGZxnPDGIGWrwaMpGGJpSOmJfSNjjKBzTMHTpNZOr+m4GGtixkR4kEgWswpjXk5u77nGX3APhcOsyUCJQ4L7tCLXbywQwfWY9txmJ7U21k0MC01HBVhZSUiMX/gopJi5x2uyGJ3iM7RJWh6DHpjQ3aESeV8rzsPWrVvngeqOGDmu6MsY0bH9kmOUIDO2o43CURY5lSdUGpoc5pz+2EumQHiT+SPpdnZSPk6wZc9mePXBk6MsmBGm4qjoxhsck4Gx1oqBWLS3Ygyl4oNGSOhgjxQUNnCii6CxxydUV2HtKSyQc0XFE8/xCL54qG6ECDGZFgmar6NxQa+ke9o/0xy1lBg8UEiu5u0LlHsEyVI1VCHqAhqUsxvR2LUzXDLKCB8+XURcntSM7OHKT0nzBFyIf9XqkjleWaAiA6YBqkJiELK7ILkZA5SC6VhoRJ26ONWBw/9DRyaFiQGV7JR6/ehm19OYjrHH2hAWOGM17vhcQYFswgEKSaSO9UjzQRSIQg5dkVhQH9tYWpAQYNP5zGE7XxdFPCm4CGtOKcL+Pi9m6FOmC2WYt0uqIJlp5XtbLHGzaccPt8rJZUKhGxpoGX5kSD4hscGjbfq7kcITQwoobfqnZ8ERd3YKf4KoQaevUyi0VmHaZ9kgRDQ7KZMGJy1FOqDKvNWkTimgl+H6cGxYhxLGMMo4buQwkcoYFVg+InScmBuLgvSlT/hVCDQS/TyYoK6lhRw0uX7BnGDDrNC2oy0qVCVH97EVqT4NCguH5ojIjjU99HAxqcyMdYpr7MUYog0DAqRStMJouQ1QN+sKOP0Oeh7tovdpvkiMoBE0NkBg2Nxz4koqk2KtBQi2zdGxf3B8klCDQ89KJoH4p6Y9hAg8BNGDF5TFSlfnFrFYKogtPNsdLgat5OhCI3KtBgFv8ey9RusR4CDYnjKLamOhzsoKHVNEBkyleDwXWdWnShC5MDNDw1dhNb4SPbbMTQsAJeaFhUL9mNbX2fIgWQ5kSmDl9TgSoo6elwZPcQLmijPj0HLFMd/3iXD2iYs80TmZq3hZQafoPH9tcLDZTNa0kx/ft+Z9Wd3bDhrG7iMqtfv6SyCNsXNP5E8vk7PIVBQTDD5m9q9kcGDcxKDXdIb7u9OUX0DYphje7Z+vUCy4SIValhtZnI1BV/kAgnFMkFGm43ZWTgpYZ5WwpXaGBDDROkBeYBsZneuqpT49hy4sRjWQG7WsOMSyaTXdM3+Is9hdeKZE8Nd48TzJBxpCb8vUueoaF0B3A+stNDwwXU8+Si/6Oa2QHajZr6TCZ00HeJLj0GphnJGBqmTpHQ0Hw3KtCgJH3HdtOZ1uMpHMUytfYJ9ahmCg3C1g48U1LfuVsY7o4FN2gQ1dwjoaGpMhrQsFpC+o59Kj5JDw3j6NDai+v6TKxaXkKhIyhTgnCZ4lZpoLbCjbaeSKFhBYNCwwzwHftYK6IvNOjQdWvXfjfgrwiWzmBl9ZlwfH3lF7c85uHDle/yAg2zZEkGy9RsMDL8Ao/XDA3WnDjgQ0ZPAwbZFrzPsEV2kO3IRK69uo7dqILT0AZjEbwTblBsJ6BhuqYtQmhgRA3XgLHkVhW926Vd9pf1WDyTOdk1KJIb7LXVq6F2FH6lhj/eHLn1Aawzcb196tbtQxkENRwxPuUODcypgfLt3plFb3jZqDuBx+Mi+g5FqB7kldu11S8ZGFL4GhQrfhz58c+wSxN326duAmgY624Pr9bALzQkiYFv9w4NPTRYBtZiD/h1QZaD8Ed8qsNiafV7pqdDiSHxwqhQBNmXZsyuggdmUGk4VhANaOglDdri9kpu0EJDotRDFIUHSJfwdM6ZCheB0LDG2WWA+W4arBONw/pTABrs0YCGamAseQDJpYUGYrr/Ij7wwq58JRzUWXRu+M/4QcNcT8/9BEhnoqdJMTln5A8afgkvNFSK9wI3aidtoeEMzgxYoOOsmEGweMg77qUaZf4GFAtDw4Pq6pn4cNDw6s58Qo9CMXkf4FVwTQYww/95O/eYprI8jmN0h3Ac3MQ0IVF2ohjH0RDv4sRLurc7iox0aqeUBimsfUxSpNhCV7DLq6XymgwK5bEQZlRQFFYcEZTNqMRY2OIUggqYhagR10QUV2NkHf1zNm72nnvOLdAXfXL4T/0Df/fecz7n+3t8V34RWmhgfbyPALcHdWRl5rdhtQbUB9GkDQvt+oG+cXNTyjzWW2YKgEYEEk3dDDSc1YYFDA1eUIMF3XU4cvI37qSGz83mbeFjTQnMktaG+5Sg8HbZoWG8tctm0014nAw5QRJ0pJTqyxAaPrvUsMpvaPCBGiTorsNJnYcGR2r4zpy5enVKHwMN57nJPpY1eL8QNXwwqWy26gmPzDBJEBoSdKm/gszwmXrC9bSG4EJDDL7rcLKq3W7vP/b3vGA3eLb8zPv1sUMH+VLMYI3n8/kZtzzmzOsBqSGJat5DyAwPeeblgIZKLIhyRG77Jz79eXvPRz18VH72Z1R+FudTqD5e4QM0lKRwudyxSo9dEzo6UgSR0swwwxNe5TJAQ9RxJIhyyqEHppu3qqf/x4+ssLr/Jsw0bPf5lfICM+aVhl8aupQWZZ3HWdJvrgORBpBqlKk/qX4TIDR4IzREFREcrPO5hYaNMzP/3DyNihN2nYh/4QszuPza3EMDzQyxafTRJ0u76AoaWGR4LgEiERCpzzGR6lhc/cEyQ6ihoQS/Y6kSN/Ob/wI9k4gMbROChpYQj2UaGJO++/L8HLfWxa9TU1RfX0KzzWkyi/6lK0QSXnf21w8bTDUBQ4M3UsNPSHTnZFncPPdtYxQAZF5KC4IGQ1q4b1KDt9CAqWG8mjvX29tkG3FGhTN3Jk1TE3fXr78Dco5yyo+QSerLQzu3nvOl2NYJGrxPUGDRvVyU8lvX1PBdNQGtw2VzCBqkyZGhogYmQfFBl2vtnzOoXFDDpsEpOlJX16wZAYpjnPIC4nrz5aGhr5pNV13PeApyeiIRgegxIs3d9g49kwQGeBT6BQ1Lb2OLmYF/5fGuxwaZC2qIPT7Zqi19FhGRB+TlnGMKoKp7tGfP+7rJZ8sBDTECBd7g/+Xm85wppiPVOLy40S1uRTDXQmgo4bb8I+GdNMXFKJYbyfUZWvOG8HAdWUBHKhV01T2CzJAWvhxKwyyQ41tgjRtosDKG2MP8XRga+laEYrHQEN1gMVitwxbeG1cdls3NDS+jV0UnkRWwCIooPPeaZgbf6rW3+Ck0RJRiEFUQn7tpnbgP7QLbDBgarvHt0ODl1xbnEzQ8Y8ra5rh5z5yh4XYDHSl6994i0lTRX4GGLOx4vfd1x2JJxs4MoYaGbwSM43mFS+9KWCiZAcR6vZhKwhMXpEWhhYbjKA3yzoVdZrLpbHd3XWtNWL2oHG0gea28Ol59ZVgQoGFpajiFHM8LwL9dP/gYJQUjBYqlCBpyS8JDJDUgahjh9sLVorvrxAwP1GdPdjSbxterNOVoA5nkqZvVbz+sCgQavKWG79vRvqUA/13whwso4IckyrhPnw8Smxhm6OWaI0NKDVPc/l76x1DtlKG4OgkjpW69ukaSgzPBUzBSU+NuxkkHGRrKGNW9PIe44XJ7/12PUMhEqvgE3uBbQgoNL+KvwAM3QZrn1Ed5cZLX0H2W9yCWzZmnCrQ8Hs+UFrs8cxrGSKi6H8uSuPGgnSHS9bA4/dCikTohg4YbMnQ1yK11UQfNRKo2phLrSFmJeTBStTHLAg0ROhG8Bh4VKd0UQk7DfgejkDr02K+Ul7d6BAsNz5XDVuuo1WpxJoGX6ksdHZcK70V3ouO7XHS9uRDOk4kOEBrcM8O80BAREZWoOQaPETLFjdAwCvL1eqNQeAiBqN37Oi7O78/NEzTcggXesC2s1BEa1t9Bkepc1UAcRbcMNROpzmiXzBBqaAgzkyKFPAd0sb4R3xQlkhKtPVeRCcRio1EsBpYWeJjPyWpCCw15WNGQOo1/qjE9gcmIhtYBfOvgZFWvziytjAwLAjR4IzXcBxq5PAvY6yBfjUqoxtE/brQfAEyk8oGlD24nTbIb4aGRGlCC4oyuiYGGXtugc7PEe5iNODd1F29b5aKpu4ODt89sChAavNUaxkCWXK4BWns7xZiAKi5bzUKAlsKRsr2D0GDI+HYJB+2AEhR/H++a7u+9399rtTmZXY6ovxgaGlrZPPkB3zqOESPjgxO33ZpQBBkaYqrpSClERDLbctkTL6SKp+21UxYhE6l0wH/M5J/5a0MKDUjc/0/CnOyp41GUVgezEY+aS5KxNFkFSp8exxnYZYCGbUoiR64gSXv1+YyNoizzskMxjJRYLBRegDs8630dMmhoR4VLCX0yx//Shvq6h9nZ2e957VosTR4Bf6tsb7/h20RI/6FhNolIlaeSkqcsNFiL6UjZrbc+odJRpAR0pG7uvuljca3PSsM9C8MMo7lqRxTYgjT2k4Uv1ThHriB+ednZuSXQiZCbvIOGiBoBqZCnEonsI4wpS6QEslPzFoX5zNFHNUKU3rXb3gcRtyI40LBxMTSk4QE0Uq2jNfY4j2kr6VA/v45z5KlJTpFawAwhh4aw0xkEAECC8wEDSiDWiykJe9HPoIwH1q07rBdKZNK5OYMskFGOA2X1eebfe/43GWiww5cGJ0WjiJnK8HU2z0zi8rGcriB4T3hPDZ/OWJhIYaXhlISiI0U0vmIH3QqNh5lIJXINfX1SWfuSZXBuqSBiNi0j75ZnqWGHbhpBA3fCUWiY6oB1jzu3qgdx+RhH0+rRgsJLaPCeGn5V0oECicnYwUpAGenrsoqdFS1I19OROmCkVNymuT5pSmZkpN/U8PRB62SNZ2q4rbL2M1KDbdBRaEBTGYYu8yZw+RiHeODRhCLYcxo2lCXBSKnMCBqsQGikr8ts8vQPIH0fHF0uBm38E1fmbYL8WWtb+G3x15aYVc1npP2EXq7D8IWoWRMzlWFPd2sRQEfhUXA8IipqubwnaGqolcBI2U6xBC/U05FiyyJ/Bvl0pPYfzIeRmrcJ8g8aDHSktnuGhuRcJCfOOV0NMtFUhuyGerbGvAJUhm/w1XvCf2iIuPgTVNWJDNw9kQvS9XohmLYLDeKDKFL8CyeuXDgUH4DQsNbQ5uyD6aA0NMRbmWXocoSGTtwCcO5tYRZbjR+9Kjpw7wlPzLBQaYiarScBzCgjDShGB/L1RiE1YxcaxNDrFE6huHDi2hW+4YX/0PDJdHw8vAts9lAHmWeAk3rO/6mp3jE7MdE8hMYy3GNrzBUSx0AtZIbQQ0OkilRUVaSCDFQYycx43y9MxH+rTEezZ8VEWbVKpg3EnbKUBOlCoPTcGaHFBZfY4mrBan2COizPlilzcCV1XjChYWlqeCWBkcrBO5UFznhfd5iy4WcvyEf+J/kSrc5CR8qLE8MdFRQRFB0pXawnqeGMycAwQ7+T0rCD956Bhp3NEwL0jh0lRjwaV3kLDV5Tw/8EInnVkSzwK5OZkKBJhIQWEcAANAeAoUtXalU2WdHpyKWhwR01TAIqnQKtf/UEDTt0w5AZ7ltVjkrDbfVW1CyhnsB9DFVg0KN1VdAnQpoJTUFVgYaY2cxYCDHv0D4wzNrpIpebA0JLblvjvCGxH2t7MRMp6RJKw26sNMw6HERmHuqVeMgrwZpMAXi6jIZVjBNT1pEquUhwCkGCEU0inGGNYdDY9YNUbnxbm92Q2B9o2N4IhOmAkHqEBjNWGlpSHJMOyXWoV+K9qQhrMgpym++GVQFAQ8QoyKmoUpBJsRAarOwkQtwwKKXYsevS+OLGNmkAzNAigDPgKcNSSsMo/MnlOe46DaiYb+9J9VusyeRIgmJY5aXQQFNDCpFKR4pQMQ8xjRlIvz9dgDNgXCEyDTSCYcuhtlzrC1+zE/PQ0M9EStDjERqKWKWh1hEaJtH8ir0ddWoMoprrTvMZVi4nNOBdoICxqx7AvhoHAa4UYP1D9cL/E3f2MU2keRz3D3Muzy2bDfFConiSFXPJnktdTEq6U8/c4V3TTmAgFqa2iglvh1AspecCrbyIRqCgzEGq7Fpu8dBWd92F3MoaIln3WDCHgJ6o5FbXBNHdNRt8278ud+7m5nmZMtOW6QCVmz+rafWZdp7P8/t9f98v9OFp2bP4z3GrYOSOmU6TqzVsztegiKs+S4j3wrEPBWioxgfo3aAritCgoNTwqboWf+4jqNUOZB68j+86ydVYw6CVqntDATTMQw0ZKBqrgGqULTVcG34MocHZmBICDZ8I0HATdYJXl6pTZDOyFUODUllDWXoT+lw9tJL+D0nsdOlJgyKQ3aKHK9UcG7toaphCkTsGMClXavjF1DAqNFhPbgiBht/8HQ9L/OhDneD6wiz5lOyoQ0MVkhTV762C0OAUMg9Imt5ZCqfrGVlW52e87UuoFnvh3mF0gRH5MAKo+Xpy2Ro8Rhk/pP0jgoavtG7cCW5Kz4tZVmh4U4+OCk3pKCXQQjIPaA3+aX5LHvA2mvP7vQEfnkVAQxwHd1UjEyYvWgQNb2Y6ITNcttYF/zsztBga7tUM6Evhva1Vm1YtKzRMA9S+rVWXQ2gIZB4QXsyh8SmwgC72+xndncWrFpL1cNFtLOWRqzTM+nJgoWEktyfE/xHPSvz+n0UPADrcHFS1RQMaZJhBCg0xB3D79iCAdzExEIxESskaFv8aDbTXr9NZA55oC2eGsxSLtj79DTlogKbAKOh4KFjSIEDDqac9WC62H/TIMcPLhwZybl+dDksNDYF0ReLNfMyOXrA57Du3b3+sUSqD3NxwIFj80EgLEUyydY9sjefj5+2WjFBzyaPYykmb/6cy1Y6K/YUge0VUoSESNdwiWoomNCv+bSCS+Wt88/PI+dnF8YcQj6Z6lbJSQ9KBZncQE6TZCY645UoNKTeHYXG/LETSsHayGzHDD9qJlDQ1v1J7wTX5jOwFQIMiavg3UXDXolJDeSBdkdQUqlxopcyMd+eZnR5LqyJqeP31F1ebg6yiX5AQbpf6nBw1jJ0cHvnCoykLkTRsqPkraU9cmMhS767Yla4O7mAEUUO0oUHwVqsAr0IJQyBdEZ9q3mEJwtv5zfySch+eZKczqCjRR07idr2su9P5VH//3U6rKaSIcK7mHmlPzAyp03dV7E7XTy8vNAhjXrtU0Em6SkhXzCLtCRrjVQHbK/bhifh873MGGym3k8MAy8lOT7RacpKfe6zjIVKF09ofEDR0l6/KUO3dX8Gf+AeWFxoELcUOfTwPDQFC95LZCYxXRgPbCf0KdUorDZ6QlbLivcJIeWV9Gq7nakZGcgafhljECO2Jj9pWtoHC/RU7VJ89W15oaCRaisJcqG0VIphpMtV7GxfZjQ62HyoarEq7E+05xPAjAA1WHMJtA875dZCJMfGVmvbHz9s1lfHBlYbPi4h/xfUELSitqCgFRXLNiWWABkFWWJqHoAETuxEQaGjmDLBTb3ClYh2kMhvpA7BTmyZJmNhMchvX0KYIvk0mi2U8TDjFkZq238GkifLYFbGwv5nbvCKq0BCx1LA1oBCwBEEDuvstdrxSjBXXLbcoKjXUwU5triRhYpp8e41UtqwWMuVKo6/s5tVw8VTvQUlDxyQkCz3/9iKuWCI0KKOG/woKATXUQpZTa0j16icMAONMgW2N0WxgnEgHOb5HCTX8fAp2an1ibEi6ShDXBj6Xg4aksakyn29yNFw81ScoaWLqtdcmatT824dwRRA1RBsaqolCoAn1nAVocBBo+EaH+s9mgx1NT/iVZRgne6H0RiKKj7OSb2uEWOx153N0Ol32w9Dx/zrtVzwz3NM2x8S4G1VAZZqOWV5oKEkXpuq/FEEDw2G50Vavyww79Q6mHw1cjiiqJPfBgVZKqi4tpgVw2/d20CXxacgvt2gslQP4Zyy+SjqgqOFDbWtiYmseAPrxAfmAqWhDQ3xmQCGwSQQNLIGGs5yDrBSanlA4xOuBY5qUxAcqTggQD43FljpC9mjzcn3XQ3ng2dGPvsfyvpUJPRu6noQAACAASURBVJ/xK/X02cooQINSGSR/5QoKAT2CBoMUGu6jleK3PjQ9cVd3URE0tMOVoq0SaBACxO2cnE1DTFIzv/WZMpKCdZCvjGnhKOr3p4pmVyZc57fWrDZ5Znj50CBoKwrL4JZNzm4GQOjgsKXYbre7DMUeLDVQFIzdDOxmYwELxFt/rHBP2MxIIosjR8J2MPJParu7tcdwyPaJw4taFVloiEANt0jfux4ZzDwiZzcXtRXf/YZhF1wpRzEanrgsbwgpfFVaAANXSi2uKbgJuK2hSyKMXaZMjIXPmtB2dJ8quon+8C9jKWtfEUHDhqVBgyJq+IngVZOqBSEEhiD7H4hbQ/4gXikvGp54bulSAg0m4LLZDHTWQxENNJOt0AiuRRihuDA6ET5roqiju6NoEs1iXpgIaxr5UqHhA4JXh0AyEqnZJA/4n90pZviVcqDH1iWFPjxxHHDYbA5KkqKdSsDNBi7K9ifWrXvn7I1wNtIz2dqj3Ue1dUmICB7ORHQzjjY0tKiaSE0Gihr+gc9uc0HDt+FKMfxKER+eufji+a99NGWw2VyAE79YzAqIezZE+i71fx04vSVMPmHMphL+MdVRgzPDF71SS6g0HEsXZhGSeGgYpMmNFxpTVviV4lfKv005iPZRtMFmZqS5VJzQuaYiOEImzD54Fk7gOHv03VOn3i2ClfaEhNnZhIghmMqgQXGhIcZXKMwiINMUO+FqMpNzC219jINBwxPb/CNKoKFdxRYYzXaYjzpn06B3SRB3fhPppOnpmXDWTg864Ep1fDffSgUxw8uHhmzcqT8E0Mm9Be3tZqpR2MFNXLHfwdGDOOM6R4mL9OYsvPxsmgROGOH8vBAT6i6RbvJwc2VdvnJVxUKhISI1aLA/xH7sf29BiqIC8CmZndlSxjkK+JUiumrNBwqYYQuFvk5GukycQqF2kN95hgJfSGFkYmJUBBAT16auXCVWkUGOkUuFBiWyhuNpheSxBSOrjueiiqgDtBCPp648zgC/U8SmweJWwAxuzJw2SiRfWD9GQLQADCnweBJ6EqOjIjgYvTI59aOsVaSk1BBlaEh8g0hVS/VQ0/BLPWw4G12Bnf08Z3cYXCzduU05NORgRjNLcp2dBEQdoVthiFlDIHtik9s9t3clueuyqwMTlvHLDQ2JAxjZ6wvTkCaZgg1no50SBuS+5hiDgWHZfik0yF5OzGgFEpAaIeDG0N9EgAaxl5/bPQcHM0OVLdUPlYdFRLvSMISRvT49E2oaLiLZsY2lhZ78CF4p+10MDTpFihjMaA4gkkC8Sl4M18gJCqwSbXKz3805Sic862lruz4b+peWCRriqzGy16pKcNUPtk1tdFVAw8a5+JWimbtSaJClBo5Gi8JQyaLZCS8BUVqnPHli7djoxNqAH+Sv+JWafxY1mBlePjScyNp7ELoGpsUSMyfazoJcIYkiQ+Pp7+zs5LyIGT7WNChJkiJPqICaEo9M4lcZVej4xOYud9jkC3eJxWLJPrLI/9iCoSFSg+JLdeGh1fW7VMO4WzHIrxQNhm+R+9+CVqqXSyWzWKcVPAoryVHZAM6JgMBE2dAYhn4mhBVmGoZmwqVdXj3pGy6bGlOSXrVhqdCggBoyoBNl024wjiUOVYDlV2r8OPZ42lNuxSuFuhNn+jJPKIAGQRjh0othIA/9RI1sWignvBga+nM4arhWk5dXNnVhASFWYmoIDw2Ji79awI7a1bU7wO2N8HqL5leKAs6N+LqR6r/Ua+41sJ1P+OuSv3jf25Evjjyh7KzkUI1UXTZatzHkuhH3lvSFv62H1wtolJxZ92L9oq5zUZ+eGFftblp9qJTMS9yngN1OUYJRwyPNv/ivlNnB4piA3hwl0CBUjelBcQY5hV41U6FvsfH91nA/6sRNdZkai6k5XqzLj/+/QUNM/CDMuTxUqHajkcs7gLLbAX0+MCHT29nb2+tinyBoUGTTEEd6HEZKXJfw4AmWAhDmLe6094cLrJpt8+Xmansi88HioWHDAioNM2npFfXQWniApK9T/NbHCRx6P7W/v9Pcy3DEY/QLBdBwhxxjbCBH5AdJJlgCsz5iaDjdOoAlDVJomJgsG/bdHBWbSM+7ar9efmhY0ZUG1CrgE+r9Daa8zANCFOUek2f79p2/PePkHiP3hPHY/1F3viFtpHkct3CtOtQe+KZgt67af9ArTWvB8TEnbfEwRCFG0Ikm4ILKIpKcBgvqqAhSVjTFywayXdY/96L1T8FQOVekR84GO4q1ajltJNhC7Z4WYRs5uRdbevfi5vmTGJ3EPBPbNJ2+Chp1nj6Z+cz39/t9vxRCg4ZJIapx157RTkVRdYGOkTo9NOczjLJHig3dWn6n3MuVfRc1aAhDDW+K4UoBnyndK+A0vPHZdDwyjN28+fjxTY91B7VV19NcCHd7BAPqE4kP8pUt1Q2FilZJphW09FbX/yKRGqaGOO+kHfTSUEOQAoUsaKCihg9qcaUUEBOQ8vDBVFn2X5+ddLdhZ3DQ8XhQ1VSO/CAbaaoTWn+PYGBS1bq6sEFcKfW0ND87i2GKZ7+WRFfNCrzLOyOsREgNQaHhMONxJy1ZjPivMQ070eW6Bee4317mDfs6O/v16+yammzxuOELfKa7Fbao91gwKMWValEWb0nmiIGCYayBLqfpSB0dWBVsXq9NWB1IiOTI/OjQkLGgUGQxat9fmjvndM75z+YtCxdq+2VRDfaDnKRZKV+5v6hpn2NiQXWR0poj6feAHRAVUgHxWj3q3QbtJyPaAR8dGhJzBUZcqfxpYu40wvX1zfjPBpoib7/cvmFG5YmHVB6jY74eQd2enkcWrpSZaUqWZIbCun6lNN/63R+d/NoMqLj3KaEhgR4aEjcqmawsJs+Hgh0LlcJbv+XouEfcUy+v/2h+iCPQRsLHVSXb/IMEqquBTquMubrAzBgl1k6aPIZRdN6XCA2LnWBt0mU0zUsTLimEhihAQ1xclaUxxPRiv8GBJIbyPify4aHyg7xDlAb9HqUBty9WSlsca8UV1Tco83bP4S4qStxaQJ4Ng1xptKAhbC/ki1dz7p+CfSE9/Q7AZYnkJqdtzG7U0ggNAUrDRqC304N6EQ5MUnenTqZIr29RDJ31mzXgokRmJ48tG2YjkxrkQQMVNfznQ63lvb9c8fvAEIougCMnxpqA3WsD9TRCQ1KPT2nI2uvt1JvFKNrWJcxQoWzR64uY3t1kzEVUlHg6hDwbXMKSnMDsTwgNiScvNZc2X0ok0HB+rwepJxsdE1Z24uqEikuluRX6tFDf3KbvCdMJO9mkzFBc2KAXr/zu3T3+pDsTut0LLrinXMJ8jEBDfPwj95x4ST8fdBp6Aq7T9vVh6/BEoA/PgQfp30rROfdaXIlwUMjlSCZLlIUF+modo9mlhY4OOFitwfa/Y4b1GIGG9PT7jaVdZ4PbSJMY0OsquFIFNRyNx+hlJpjScOQIJ8KBWpqSyYswoS8oVOxSw4V/oaLEc+catIfkhi7ECDQkJlaVlt4JtN7adZHOBVfRlrpeY304MTEcyKGhpQY7was6ZnhPyW/GCoNRJG2Q7ejWV1h83w8NG93rJ0VoWMYZAVzvQHhokDJDVKDhABWCQMMgsCxote10z/y3SE+DOX9fQ+OV20H+zn68I+v8vQ79qCjR7//dXsPdqEEDTUZ20MMPDTvAUmbQtj+iuwwqcE+Dbmi/pvAgiLNTF96R1UwzKVDMr+CixJQwifaYrTMzIqlBJjTQR1cF63f4wQcNXkOjVlumuU3DDEkdWOErUfbs54PfgoRkz2JsLfD3OsyXmQRYlJgVV8otUgPXeyIiavj40JCIMNEHDUeDQ4PgBmB8jYoZxCdlPZnv2p96PbIp3d7jqBSW0qLw4cRbAws6lwYSVgExHF2NGWiITw9p1jruwdDwkOVVql0fnoMPTkl6Glz7vpAzEuQH9OFqtVlNHFgutsPyjSYjfoHHpjygOWagIY00nRwADcNGOChjo/MlJ+dewNj3J4pflv6AZLWOFA19lxdSlPj3EAcdpV2uCKWGTwENaSG3mB8aVJxRpeIDp44OGMohxcEW5T7o3MzJOSfxkL6WVYTNRbQEGjZKDcBQP53wjNj9eoWnYaHhDzEHDUlleGpiTHv7yje3aN+lYcz6FL2ZoemajKsl/TRFxYQZtJy33Mtp+6tIRla5oT9a0HA6cmjYMqCpiZs2bUbaxQzqQTKmpS5Fr1NKVYVEKTSYyDOkrhK3NcybOJfXDtqeLZELvMsUWVeDXGg4HDWg8gSctaxP+uY21bglqk8oGupKqgvV6zSBE/mksbuQSA1TgPdO2oXen1eNyBxyctwkDxp+/XTQQC5ewW6IqDwhHh730Re5R89R3QmPbTYpC0pKCqT6uiQvB8oKuBNXhDFiyOxmJ17v2ITlgRVsOOrgV74AaEDlCfEKv61aO5YqnvdpqpXKUReKK9WgbJIgQpD3j/ir1VhqyKgF9h04VR+vtUPz3/JyrjGGoCExFDSQzEY4QZiaSutTZFfqqlPqWhiJI0NyEOjg/S1tOFT3AipKGCueX6iccYUKr4o9aEDlCXFL3VCNHsvZx+uhqYFndPqUuiIJsQcNq2onxYwGBf7v3igDYw4vZ5pfxMZ9DgfU+eQzw2eGhrguAJsZdkC7rHdpoPtAMRUzxHWafdVqDCW1HJ7TqO32Kw3fRQ0aDkENFnAENkACjaym8FLofp4/TRVUled3tEEv/1fGoaIEWJ0S8BazmWiUBik1yIeGvx9GaqgFDlidoHN18vs09ED3gYpuqpSqLJ+jTSV6udFph/FxXmFpFptDOvi2ExFRQ3Sh4YXBA6lhAqBxHVpoyHHCkIa+YGMSkt295a9Woxy2809Y8fEKrtT8qhHvKW75S1AatgBcqe2AwjPNMQLjtBk2h+Z7J/3VaguJrNrBiVUdMak0hIKG06OqH7dhohebKsPc8DjqUlBQ5aUdNzK+8d57xEh6DZICN/SOKA1zzhhWGtIDkB3WvF4OG4PITqGo4fhxHtrJKIMxgxQaAlrakObYCLCPdNsiURomodJwRm5x4nNDw607Q1YrazSUyvwFSa3NdyiFid1qNR6yNCAfaRiOvWAj+BAXRWiIlBpy31bAlQKWDHkXwoua9mnKdMtKglfmPPRymuCozbRIEi/pehqkBQrZ0HAoanhvybM2scCgSZJ33NU0d1CmZBeTwWhdJxEaHCh0lm97OmSPoKdht0ARXWjYmmuy1rAswDMC5+hvhmtrwT2czkkNywheEcMDN3xiL4eoMI93Vyz1NBygNPw0bhVXSsWOHpN3jM6sUWLGqM9yjcHO0bUcLkca2zV4d3kN3V+C0jDKWnU1wypWZnR4ss1IG1PBEbzSY2j46lujCwkMFff+4nThnoZ3MQMNB0gNbwSrVcWqgnPo1ZBiQ7Jn2JN6jEZoiC9V+lva0E7oHEPQMCnM+3oa2gYSzpyRLTR8XmhIshh4m6evoutWJO++3WqxtP4j3KxFFf40lhT24JEJgB0hykF3lYF3/GmH1/ZHERoilRpyx1meH+6r/Gua/BH0v53c0JRaWi+FgwaiZtUpsFNkFyjHha+hxSWB9zpcoHPx1KlIpAb50HCIAsX7cSNcKVNHUiRHf3PtbOv3YZjh62X8adRjp8izSzgKxmE3/bwq8JOoUHEiImqIJjScfwLYCY/KCkjr7Tm590NuZnQzDDQcFXzV6ic42c+DocHWO7As2B0Ou7A88AVAwxu4UjVN8nQGXx1iE61U+KkUM6lW43alMhuGBr72Wg/winsL2v/GPjS4YLZljZX0ecrM5rhsY1lj2LSKy3hoNcVc/BUyYxjiUU3C5Xz+7lvnjGvNWPH8d18ANLhZz8TDmib3P0Psh1DUgEYtc1w8txdHgwgN8fcJsutwjsu6AXXUig9/U09NRi8qVIQRGoIzw+eFhi4UHzXI1V+J4M3dZYDnQVnYW36lsqAkRa9T95PWS7/SEFe1APtCuuOiCg2RUYObfZ0NJy1LIzGuae0EPAd61sNAw6X8wmqYNFOMTR1axSccCA1207NTU22CMLRCywz7pYYIoCFiavih3vj48eDgDmiOhBk0BnGlhPrfwlDDulqnh5Ffed8TpUH8KIofxxntiTOzJnGllhdPyIaGX6MNDS8MqLvvKvsqAmjYnFENPxxW8alhoOGJUlypkgLiPYJbL6HSsJKQCVfKtJqZEPvQsAXQSv1ZJVdoQJ0NHFqpmXDNky6mqC6lpIEhs9T1PIYGrjHtQalBANrmXxJjHxpGVbAPcvv/1J1vTBRnHsdtDpAbY2PIJr5AEVS85Npj3TNhfJYQMRgm2IBjmp1CRm3ixmbFgW79k3W3e4IrKcISazdZNJ5eX7S4XiJZm+2WmGuB8KdZ6Kam7XIhSIKoIC+KV9LkNHepuXnmefYPyw678yy37D6+IiqsjzPPfOb7+/2+3+sMSXT4PcbgchniD1zQsFHr/UMUYoMt73FIafj6QdaTfx0/duy9/69PQ7LQUBQsTmikdiL+B9n7LobaoEHuDHdoxu1m6N6VmUEkTxi49/4HlBUFvCCload3eCx39Kfbw8N/HYvXBhmbGdYUGs7iAsEiT/DgbmUt3QcO1Fvq4hk+b2ijysqoKjyeuduIwrEtEFTO3tLf2r0updBAJjWUgybxCoMlzs+Vn4U23gGvFe7K45Wh4fdPj8GdqsRw8SbrqEf97XDqcnQsYWRYJjUQQQMhNbwCJf2QGpxsq3Jm6OTvddfXL4KGePWJwSq4U7cxXDzindLdCGBR4svfflOODEFqSCU0hNogPQTQMMlAb8QKZiQONGTPVFNlaorH0+mhnoY+aHk/NvZdbm4GQMMUjaZMXBYCaBiR8sC9zEA8DJsso8ootRE/ZXBPQx7Qi0/op4ODxBdBSqFhxIUHLieVQ0MebfhHRUWFO25uWh6tFneq9ONgmuXXktJgOf6z+MWTZ89+ycpaK2iI1dQgIzX40OTSND21wn2nieQGyUUNzSnRLtg34g5DbDQzYGjYXkeJO1Xdjj+LjpOEBkubSOr5o2Ojcect30hDaLiG3/oTjJyIVim60bBm/H7IWyZ7Z4gNbLAo0WNhJYjYncSnJ4QGImoYkg546B7dqfwstAtIPQfxmxsGdbrwH2rnHT1KihKy1EACDaTU8Cno3y/+SjRyIsoX0tIN+9QXGuP3Q1r/+W3Y8ul74OypXwB1L754nXylGhrm8KNQA8oVQ0MBnqy7zmjjQMNS75GAj26arncO//Tn3ORWSqEBH/B7E3OPjur/YJDztJuOO6f5w1yDKTRK/Ue/cG9/vxPoCguT+59PKTQIeOASW2Yqggan4XoFXC46bj9kiUC79kRYOo0MTHK4KLFlS1ZaQYOc1CC9BaLJpZVvvLDtarhplol2no668cIO0vftDebtoVBzODjYa7ndF5k7QcAMawoNrewCOTQ0IJXigEWpN5MNFiX8tqQ/PTE0KKeGXQga9iaYUxW1WOd+1H7dHI8ZouYw2+tgUWI0nwQadiQLDWQFii4RGkRm6O8ngYZr/EK3RA2gfZOi9UkfOzzMNzxaEkJBQg0phIZdQWhowhakCqBh6118bD1f6o0Y/8oOjAOavCixRtAwngQ09DLP8Qxi3IaIpdkTe3Q8ALxp+/qMggY3MTTkcQaJGRKMQInInpCKErcfkNNCSqEBX2XAG4aGYqXiFdZzQtdjNDPEjp3YvLnD2Dg8/Je+/Ahm2KG8OLHGPQ0NFvKhRyOGBofi4YezHfpbZ9etGTSQSA0BXrrGEkvEjgEN++GoN9e8WeF6PGgd/Vs+0UoeGsio4SXvlKjB4X+XEBpEagB9yqBh07a/D1ofRUdXERQoUqk0DKGq6t4Jn/LyRBAa9imFhuzs+Rnrd7m5GQUNwUJOVDEmQWhAG5VAQ0R0YNX9TpQbkEHQMIkQKRikoEhpIIaGrC1PPnv2h6ysdICGROoTRaE5IlieGMpWTA3R0JAYM0Bs2NmBihLJCQ1rCw023tkNXRpMBH+3FmAvydqV6MCGwiw2tpvMrav84cmhgYAapugm6aXQTHAWwuktqTxhXYkOBneiTgboOhz+jU35hCsSYUmhgYga7OBef3+/E1iVVyfe9aNgzMVG+VRLkQ46UOTEi+91fZ+sGHipnBpSqTRk+yA1TGOXBmXQoMXlCe/S9+fiJd4GMzO4LHFj3DdVFJU9kUnQEPBIIR0TjOLpiZzZYHniOi1vuHmnt/cOggab3R6WEgvXx4rGTmto0NIukSYfumiC6QmH1NJQUeGSt2vIc1ocmCgmdB8/y1rdtQrQkLjUcENy/pimPVDmU0gNA1i9wj02xTGKE4W2Tzv3oNk5q90UMiDfJt57+bnJCg1rCw27rSzgOMUuDchwgZWkBgcrawLd4ecBqINhFFaYBKU2nk0PaCDqahgH9ARNj28nOAv1QJIauDrZoUtrHQDgCuxmaJbyjezyGdkkUgMhNJBRQ5cOCJzA/6eLYHjCCqT6BGfcJqcowDpE45UOOHYp5RstlySSKlCk1Keh3ENPTNAgGI1XrKy976GkuVvkGiFhHYIGMPIpwMN8o8MzmQsN2fPSTvF/IuiDzOGknVohDUxrYcRl0eYUz9+GO1VpWxaNnTHQkHOXZlyukPeAskZIhkFCg0V2vII2GAw3BREbnFcptZr66ufUQwNBfSI2NcwAeE15kL26MmrQ0u7nUkPR3RjIIAkNn/vFA501iz+5swqGILa9GQ7FTlho+F16QsO6dddq7c2EAwx6FjidgNXLMgNr6TlQ7+A71+nVpy6pLh9VG9MFGkioQXxdG79RRHQYmnnB4QBshywz8I6e+kWuzbbZjJOUTWFo2Ja81EAKDSTU0NXV9creYHopBV4qlhpMPOd0AP9TOY8n87C4Uwsc+2jTjxRKUh5bTanh9X+nEhp2FQ2N++ZCGVNKzq2tBRyMQGYErRw0+KA0pqE95dnD6iOXYZLyUOZCQ3ZgxuebKi8mgQatIO6USz4NTNxJ777nXkYoKD5feq5FdfHk4fuZCw05BQMWy0BBDgE0vOZkDC63yyDICQ0lDGyVdBvovJLqmtOqltOlVb+kGzQkJjVIF1r5lM83E8y8LFaEDSKawWtqQJYZWO61/f0OYF5vKz15UdVyRN24OSg05CYoNLyRttDwjZnlWR2hU8JHZr/fLN8Ngf2iHXUbj59sUYnriPpaekADCTXMi29uwEdIDXp7nb/2qWxtog4Z1XLGnYdPwY1SvV39eDWlBmJoIGpreNXAA94uUgOJUYNe5ze2t26UcYZ80YZnK00v1EelnTpRuaoFii9T6gg55BGvqblyEqUhZ7aXo7mBAjlzJ9wwMU3PDVHn4Ea11IAMhoYZcaf4OSJoyNEOCDTXOyvf9PAQhzVMUhfhTl0oNWYuNMwO0BGJXkrNnTiGoeUzrjhUv7hucNLqC3CnLlEPMgEaYlNDAEa3eUL6mzKx4c6kQI/I6gzr7YLk8eHk77M1l+FOnaYGV1FoSDk0LFEVvjEC56L44mZL+jvFQAo8z9nDW9GxpbqsNqUJNCgvUMzzdJOmiQZDpAdiYaHsyMQg8qmtX+BrqUsqdDe2Jy81hKkhCWhIiBq6Ir/4Ly/cy3MKHkJqCGoOMYsTY3innG3fqqWbUbwbO1aTGlIKDTNgQjPthWIAiSPkyjbSwdEMr8dTKhG7iOyBTIWGXXP0hEbjpblZsm3ZulLAFU542uey3DypQshelVHQMLvU88tdUeEOdowqhIY4i3GhTkmDUI3ebVQnvko9NJBIDYWRPSqIGgI+2qvRTASd1RSLDbibYdmDBDLDdt6JnMHAp6Xo3UZVc2UVhYbUQsNGUxVVGuHhWAvqsRiQ1HfdEIsfgsnXB4AZPwpVNbq0gYZ41FDuq6aqPTci1F5sxFNETA1QU4jZ1WCFOSbd0gs0hR6FLSgdO1mpYUfS0JAANbz0V1OHjb+GAMLP9cMl6IgKFMHV2hqLGqD1I/R+XOB/LFVhvIrRM5mm0DDEl1FXfYGwYZgXiwFJQYNWGwsaQqnbgMePwtPUfMZAw8ywmjo/XhR2hJR2SrN0VERxT6Q2ZoUiOKV4XTiPH4VHSjMHGgbOU9T5gYipGi/qj72bDDTklcScn7jpRtDgEoKPwrer0hAaYlNDYXMlpW4MdbkWTaGJHC+YzyYTGyRmCJQHYjg03OcXcHCJGb8vq060raLQkFJo2HicOnTwzFtlncGvcTB2PdCTf9OPmlnW375B1gRikderj0gbd4Eypws0xJEads1fLTt08MOy6qHQsYW8QDT0UBGx1NBhb2u70r7cFrIDeZKLj0IrdVraqYtUpA9U0lJDEtAQlxpeVZd9ePBQWdXLoNAA8iR3Jyf/Kzk16BtY3mhd3g1pHUZKg4PtoySBVHWOipWl/UU6QsNM2VtnDh6iKgNRg4RePkAMDbO9AsNwvfJKw4THhzWZo6UZozTMUeJOfUCBoqh/jFtIAhkGxJ2y3JWfn3NZmBp0wJ+qzBhoEKh3zpx5hxKWySYj5NBQwt003IwVQRFSGrirJ9BOnfwfc+cf0+Sdx3H9g3n7zgseMSGRTZxnXeI4HueSp3ssxG290HRdsQSpncWSgGy0FIdMVqlUfpRYfuthUMYPMTksYtzRheOMdwoGtkUEMccoisKAKax/iPPHH7fAcrnn+3y/lT5Pv0AB6UH8w4Cp8LF+n9f3/fl83u8v/x/QsJgGxSYVOPQRW6kc979qC6ZqD6lhgdggErkmGIaZcHm5Om1WIaWhncmWx6JbIJ1OYIY/LpIZ/AoNcRRMQt9zSJ6An+tuR0ht0aJfs07DOCYrGIP3d1iiPo/9onFjJ5ae7ce4llOenuRfaJibGhjJ51zI1hGeIyR8j40tWmootakdk2YmzosatpSjwCUmLljKTX/kJkd5ft2zQdE9YPHd7cn9rlwKNMw31iDlEpE+V2g9SBQDfAAAIABJREFUHSHZX2uZ/wYulhqKtFyler33LVUV2C/6N6SQFirtJEUCNii6fmArtYKgoV++F1ZqH86bXJoj5MwSRXNra+MLi+SZN3U1otwR8ZALTX8co1tmm2lgKzXQvYKgwUVxiUgHgPMlmDu5mcGMKnWZYHnhvpyHo2uhlSqZBRqCs8s1prAVBA1jKBHpC3BZ6AhpXDQ0hMtSmquaU2orvb5iRjMNzSkOI5r+yACzZWC/fjsi4vaT5YGGxUgNr2aBj2CldgMcA7BJO+MIGcDHBpGvnQmXVtz6TqtY6/JygswxtkNoqFCFGWjucrMfjHo1J5DQ8IStlHdYx9srBhoOx+zGQejYWuE1lQN7LZT69gKEwYZ0Dg2+Jrg1HNeoYZKXqnjVcbky3pqRPKvQUERTeiVILPAjNMwpNWx1USie7ADAgzLV2IhnRNz5pi/UQNjMfFfFjTtOMkVeUkO+ja2Ug9GMBnfQ+kxrhp7iOzrMQMMARelpkLZjYVLD0qBhTmqYxonCHwEkNZyeZto5c6dwBn5ifmggWEAd11ZCtwYHwa3hplY9+bSSKf/PujaQnGHNVMrJhtPffGMBNFupmpUDDRM4UfiovJ+fqOCjI+S4d0N/HD/w3PlEntsTE+yBBgcm+gNugNQ8azwd4yJCQ8hZO1DqKWpg5UDDDZwofOiIABp8VBoIlXrlOpdAsatZvJOAE1X371fJzOMiLYjNs+6ndZvJ0PBQBytFR68caGAUKPhccdW9X9q8y9NBYD5oCCIMPRoRGhDcGsLFKc3/qmpMMa4OOkntt1pjqS/JLpCvP4gBej2Q/7w80LAYatChDNM9EveQq6YC3wInhKc/ERvGhcQggi1r7iYpvuHlHn2lxwhnBbXZr4ZF0fHWvFRgmEVo+KscsI++mAcLEhqWAxoKCsgzimfwAb9BkV4XbYquW7XKhBYcHCofntcFRRpCG6IYTy5UahK8qaFEpdXGwQmK4zYAgBTJGceLhTsUSSCVxbEMWudPaIDU8KYrcpZhbXzAbwDOTqdzojogAKtZUEqeFxoaclTannohN8ArOKQGc7n3VEOxQctWCgZVdSSyldKh5sRoR5NAauiFe4a5mZRlYQ2KJUEDRw2nf31OhgYT2IBBdGq6pGTq18DnqgquPaHuOR04r9RQZ1KpDKVCbshiOIun8+o4QlJVuTbNZoJBVUVStlJ2jhlCizuaBH+uD8Tnrs+NB33+hoafHoaRoaEFH/AHQOeY0zkU+aLlJXb6MNNwySwWqy/NNsTnNiHwJOGhFjFezXDGAECh3m1/Z2e/QGlIozJz1xfGgl5/Q8O2K9vI0PAtOuBZEI0ccjrH+l+sgszuteC5DaGWib3bEHhy4TEht2r8nlgmE98bf0XUH8dWiu7hfoptSfkCc6dgnZK9Xx9LpTr8DQ1hD38iQ8MRdAtkQfTCdfN3l8dZNnKvgswPDUFmWW2t0SEkAzy5UEXIrQo31qakyMxBUI6QsJX6hWOGt35+IGCHt5R6K1upZPrRMkHDbNQQsqP7LJka8C1wwyF7Q1ZJTtKmNVnG9g9Qv5lw/ov44LDzupF9g1zgEQNsWb+DlUKXlxHklRIYlQDfKE01FAAxpmAoNHR33RIIDQ/oZPbRZ1XGPFmI0PDSoWF7ksFiSS8lYUMBkmhYaEiDCcTanMN10ErhvGMOU8cZ4uhhKh0VTPo1/qdLkS/kn58SnagL6s7gRYsz+Wj8Mh8+FNP4cdppaCMzDyT5FRpEQyq73WPnhgcN+xCYgm/F4rvs2Qsn3UfeY29uQ0KXUO/ZhQaVscJhZgwCashBvpDnHTZS2OXD4iacPDHagVIu4UORsj30lBrORqFRrXhwa0ENiqVBwx/+WT2lstkM06S9iSmAboX7gJbzdKoPnGIq2tv/ZNZOY9uGuUYXVOpKtlI5AmqIMyNoqOghxmIXY0AI7e7g5hlCe6PYA6ychw1NeFQrVv53v0JDU1aNxVIySoQGiRsaOFcZpjPACa0URu4y1fNDw3VZY1VVo/Ch+YbYrUabCX62/dXVbibuHEPIcEMOgLwlzPOcvYVHtVKjQvwKDQ0mi8ViukKCBmYvqtQXlJbzdKrGphN3vWUCUsOmsbXKqw2xEftCemQM8RSbSxuRI+TmJOTjt62HZo/6Ek9oCM5Gmnyu3uZXaAgejbNYarLC5oKG3XKxrLlRZryw09jYClstxo1e0BAkFBnEKY2ENsQ9HFv1PtHjKbyyEr1O0MFSFGf56FP2oRjFX708gTYyC+my5YGGWaSGkK6+iIiatrOksQYaQ8NenZY9phjDtisa9eoP3js4IxMQuEE04/TRWsU5ZolEMwsT7pb1COIOwWPh3fyGYHwmdORvgZsTt+zwPniTJzRE0IVo2u/2QoSGlw4N0REnBgdPRGSRqEG3Fx9bV+GM4iTLCpxpoypa2HfIt0mALpr3EnHqT7iRyRwhNJzH8RU+eTAkUfpMa6aeLmb/Do1UZ4IKx+9BPF6uSPcnNIyb7eeGL5bZh0heMvLd+K4jgzTZKh4LGNOK2ZvbED/DbM2a6ESKSqzndSZ61LCf9ZSJFjg8wd1duC6o2uJL7EQOlN/jlTEsNWTbpInfw45EFzq21udSAwuSGpYKDS0RJ54Nl9nqSbsTGOGPSoxr29vbK7TTp6dYfGBa6l+YPeE2RJYOSGxJvA0JFUcHk9okPjSY1Bga0hPmDpwIxaJCKhSVpU3r/tJml9o5a+kiPCdpBW3+hIam8lMXB4fLaooJ0DCGdb5Dcs6/9i7j4kwbxS2dAp+GjeaTQCK+xI9qrNr1woKOMPnfaJ4ne2LrVu4KT8Xm5cVSaWd/t+N7nTSNC84ZoHLxcsUtf0JDQ03ZxWcXT2ka+Ovz3Ie7kaM4iSqljoy8wVXqkoj/8W+jHCiMF/iuC62kNsS4G6/IYsUb3FLmTPbEZh29H4rKPezhX6KT1nDaggbPScZTW/wJDR2WsuHBi6f6wgjQ0IIaOXskJ6FF4f1G4/gFNbS3VO8UrFw6ZBKgEIfzJxSqUBuCvynhmBMaVq9eG8TLnngUQ3Od5xPsb3+JiorgdPZ/4DnJ2JhlggYyNbRFnPvbs68+7SNRg02BBdHaSi7wPA6ZNjJOodbMrTg5+z3IQfSd7P3Hjx+z1eVvWPKhwesq6TE/C+khtIvr0eupNhbUa6TSH7rgz6GMJe2uvu1naKizDH/88Z3BYQvJsKkIHGXfZPsUMZW4pfDaqsPF2UlevYloNL2s2e7pujCJOxnXBDsSaCzC7FNs1faoZHhEFeoTV8UBZWwqJWe/zWt4ZWC9XuNPaLisO/fjj8PD5+wuUhgvN2F0QHLyIJ5Bh6Z0Q2ORwuRTA5peNvBMo59yo7MVGr7UkA/3cOC4o8kXZgijubfTMaVmiwroY5NBVHdIyE337io9sKBZyCVCw4R9+LM7g8/OqUgtCpXkAEdXR4K4UQa1ITDweX309Ix1A4KGBG56WQGieabRn6A2hIEPDaXM11xuFROdkDB/VlUx2I/G1wZ+SwTJbKV0TetC2wB6FBaCXn9Cg6nszocfDg6W9QUTtieuSvax5/tRUDvibqZudY0NdfYLHCE3HmErdVQhucy7PpPvyTifyK1GzxNYNYT+o2WA3u4otlJ6EMEer31K9+5q10uAhk2+fqSXfQbfU6fieJ9Fp+3mKAVLDf8j7lxj2jrPOJ5s0MLboiGExAdYmmxds1VdTlupxz0xmZZQwWzXN7nmZgziYhKwUbAZTriaS13IhZGCSBogYDpCMmANEgooSkIyAlW4KLVyWS5NmgRBgqKELovRpOzLzjnve8zx8TlgF+L5E0G5mCfH5/ze5/n//89nSiBCGnQSyrs7O2u4MQ7I4iTr9x7YcMcQc8gjcXq5tVW/cb+PA1gt7OhlZ6sxo0YOCsn/UBV6FBaDmQBCw8w1x44dVKVKeKChVZxEVmp3kpj+6RbopVz9Fy+6MeoDZmWEmLI4AckAOzQaeiHOcsYQESL4/VPty66tehNBQywU+mmwp3/FcaMGp4/M8ehRqJe8Mmj4Nc9oIvboRx/9/N/f5I7wDChGMeVnlF5bQp/otg/ouqn1EJ1nmE3Z7h6zWFZGPvrOsZyUyBr98QeiVr4lhtD9tBwzwCzIrDy6qWBQd3wLcI0RxykRKeNdNQ7502hYa2goafj0doPVbh3ifYjvAWJzEognoA4hRccfBXkEqpelgDW1qEFjiBTdMc4/SJA0kdKk8ylVMhsdlS1gD32rr8xTh617X635SdlPq4SGxNze3ly73T50g+8GOwhkZhnY6xa4z/OuMTvIqJdZC7MVBPTobtGd4eytIkhq+Hup6oFPjQbY4YvU4/l0/7hWHhcdPYW8q+T52S/b5SqhQef4oZGu1EseaHgxRlcqywRNEy06KGVgQQNNDSXwnK3EvliCAxvqKAyoPOcT5wuJ58ePP09MPhLmAzRcReFFGnUbTl1d1XhFePgoAlELmAggNLxXcW9Hr5Wq1CgPNMzvBUlmMTjHJCgMUkur2A1R1D2AFqckGStVgNG3cZWAzH4i1I1eARrGUGKDIStdTj0Ui7GrISFXEIjqsQ9XDw0+V+pB7O2djVSl0md5kvu640FSkhgba4KfpEQtf/bTGLI4HWJVhDuwcfdqRKe+p5ghcTlBvPtGj8aAVfJkdV4lTQ+K0FAt8q5q1FEBhIbR2Js3HVSlemZ4LJdbxGSlgLgd/dQn7sAkqzkONByCFidxO2vQ4O4oJHL3Vp2gJQ0mX7Zc/gs99eqxH3EDWZ4qDXgcFJQrr/op2U9+QAMfNYw0/+N3XdSHr4JP1qDAMLJS6rFnTOwSJ1SaaTFDixPGmlq0LjnnuEsMT9Nt6Ls8E+uNGznMwIwBa8E/gYYsT72RUnygnkyVPNafRsNaQ4O28ba1z7no1A8d4w1VyK9LLt8PI50+SSH4kyC1jHqZpUyEfyZl+3MuNPzZpiMSl9lA4UkYIBIlNsQZ0BcKyglaCx2ZnwcSGsYcjqE+p8upieNrNQRfGhzTPWQE7vc5kMlcI3WMelm1dLV00tBw4cKAjtOsfTef6tsnj/q0FLsQHQCrAXL6WsBkdHQFzfVVJK36FdawOmho7el12PsWyUr18KohO1UFyf99aYKmiQHdC+9tFCQIuNXLWi40XNjeouKuyC6krqnpY2FhPrQaCtwHQIRUadhseHg6zfX1eemBFEKSj0KHvWvR9bWxbcYbGt7ZdFc3Nth6mYEGHXeKCs/EsjLUSL3DhYaFBS40zJ00UfuJ3B365aHBfQBUI6TSSDpCOiR0868SrwgJIDSMxu5ssH/tcnUZ8qO8oWHjr0rqCvLPTCNoKM3nhYZ5wFic+rnQsLDA7cnMUZuc6LVUvkADupIijXEIqQzpoaGzGF2/akwbQE1D1L6Gnc1Wp8vVZ7DxhTttHT93bvykkGIDQUMTmowVgQGW4JGGhrNe0LC+tH1Xwi7hDRTsTkPMU6ZLLB9CSCXPDQp6DAfOxX6mTPsDDTzU8G3Xz6xpZKXSDJN81DCrrasr6dZFeEEDGxuYyZhScp0FDVCGe58LDcGPCCh4W5EZQt8KmUQD00gsDiIVyVlBQd/B+unBY38aDWsNDQccDX1PyJfLKjwvYEYKzwRMEwVmRojEeguqlk8ivpJKy9K9/syRfYqDPr4/ZtRcDZikLGokkZGOaSzFeUCxLpDQYGq2p7kyMzOd9huCt1kk23bn73BbDfFlSIi0lzWt1Q1sHzgllSqzvHyX3YqSzhmkd1zhpUXn52KAmjOR+NXo6Kl4XG9Jk+OT/uVCrtI9MeawWzLJa6ra+lLQetlJ/J5uNZROH/4FHzUwGlxz3RIb1BDPj7eckErNKi8f5n6FIvsN+qsVqaENnZ/1OLq46sFIePioRK636OWSiUBCw2xFr91Jffos1nLBGGl37NINXmg46bY4mTx38X6VIy0ym7zTne7c6Z97zSdoiEOJh0Y10jFUUyOJESwvzaLH46cCCw29dhdZqExL7n7BHQEowX87s49+E3fawlicxtmDnIUF8jZVlOQleNxAVWp56737To96n5F58XkMkZI/mg3kFVs0WNZMIIWQ5bGNsFJ9sbOCuyeQtuV7rv4TQYPJbXFi6RREJ/54NpWqlJd2YUupKXFgpTgH2GnYjPRoVTjamhOpl5PfbgCGYosR5Ma8OmjwpoYrzQ49eZvKdKVVdAg4L6NmkiGIridqeFZYBQcvWZxaWYvZb318n3r0HfIyWszffXR3nkcY78UMb4UwerRKIGGNJGKsmNFSbAA/+tVoWGtoyM61L1K3LWdvxTHB32Sj5xMphMA4oI5RL+NsnQNRKs1JlSZhcZ6ihi+ys31vELwBJ/XkbYsNDesyKKtTj7/pTquEhjtDRicJDS6no2CboHxskG5N3fcy86LrxK1eZmfIHSBu0ZUCntSwsZvasC68gsLz9QB+Gqvy0tnQED3VhgOsYMLPXMhVjicuD9nJQj0hK5V8WAgaXgwmUp2GAYJPLUlCA2N5SmIBQkYhXakiGUjmIMPBmvPuX6xADW9PwgLVy3tQBjcNDeEP2jCAt00ENqfhqtVKE7vTkS8EDe/ME7dgfu0l36Fhq+hEjjQ1tUwGPLvuG/qH++f4t1zybXeHVFWJ9eBsHcNEDwCSa1MhgYSGmTY7PNscbbAJQkMNjPBvYuZ8m4QsTuPsMQRdKaUMeCoetw4Pk8TwSx+h4S9Q1F4NetjQEFWeBYBa6x8zrBYaZivsXfQNfbF5nyA0QPnnwinRBgFoYCxOS/qFN5t2kbyemmoWi5s8I6SbSlsi1keswAyMpmEIOt+KQbyRrWP4Lp6sVGNM0CuEBi9qmMgliT3zSaZzMXdSKK8hSkFQrYYLpumNXjusNnlAA6v9/FB0i6xUjlks8ew3zz98OE+eH31ihpBoVCA9zoaGoJhGNdd8sjIzrDU0hCUbSC7NdB7dGSu8hep8PtHEY59cGiIg9bKKrWG0ycxFZUppqriQ2qe9J5vOZfhcS7kvSnxeXXGAChqo1AAFOvUwydLvf+5/fNUqoWFru9FFvpxH7/W0Lren6vTpW6LL14N5qaGQUS+zlZDvTsuUZKVycsCe17tt+QcO0uzQXUhXyldoiGqjFxobMSaItBqUQ9vl1Id+r6BYJTRcirPTdPXNvboXwnHSKlNTSyJxgBcrDoe51csl7DGEiqyUUpkqBeVh+21aWw2tbaihHD3J5cuurmJ7KNKphca1eXg5aiozydJf/udLv1dXrRIaRofSqKOO80+9bcILqx4S9DXlHSoDb/SHzOi2xT41nmyXlRUpy3aXgf654fHEcXhkHhYlJCSIhn2Fhm1quYW8kOTqEdRU1ks6IAFMdaxNjLTvldoXX0xX6g+N+cLbCBXUonSTrpN/n9V1SRlqurP9E/2HZEVUpczirRuGSxOhu57e/Zhg6n/NR2iYlVALjS14ug11r4xxcIry3t/eDo0KKDSE2gzVdKVuOmyC0DA3TllyE0TcHxBBwwDq8ynFbHFjqSyJrFTR7iRJxBYqBYRuLkRQUQy7RCs2Ghj3xGPMUEutfs5tgJzlTpbe/DTmFcVIC1LDNYOTYgbnb5tHBFOeZrQEeU0Rnq6dJWxwW5z2eowhyEqVkZWSnQuev0vtaKc/TZT3ibi87fUVmQHGOl0BmsrIej24WiBHzRloSI15utmvjIZXYbmsGepyOp2LO2/GCnca1mWUFyYXlgv9pRlqpF7e74kSRdKc3VSQSLmKKC0lpo+Qb6yQeEblPPiuYNRiGA5w2zoF3WqoN0gy/j+7J8jXRYOlutp59IdeXv8Ec6N9NEgM/o+9s41pIs/jOFzkaTyi8obEhxVEd7OXW7pibG9sV3pgLBQpbaQtMlETcXuztZX22DtaHo6V8yQUxBFSGUxZTE7sgas1IhK2GB9ARWR1zydYi08o3r443ZM3t7ns5W7+/5kCLaVMHwC585cQGuANv8zM/zO/h+/32SRmYBoUx7n09DLX5RrU8cXi3dngyjNimiIFqlsXEdEpVbyCDutsqWE4B6EylV4Zq+b8Fq5RpB7224IiQGhY0rtn37f79jUMtFYcmdrp8sd/tUl1TZ7/4MiRPISeXpZdmFhTqMigM6XUFmKKIgVWRf3WJFW8aT5Vi5WwLDUsbtGCTG2+sriCCxrQf+RqxzcyZxkaomr+RN1836alHLozCRrG4+h9BdrbHe8ezAHwkF5x4htcHv+EknrZyabwVKMQWW1W0dUR8H5pcyQ7bBMWAtbEe42jBoTLRQxPl6Vm/gF25+8G2XuCdaZiYyt+DzK1MeVYlRcL47wqqbTw+FQmmL3wLNzNdxGXfo+vpzIFS/EaKlMiuEbxUEQ6koVW3l/YQUNsbPlmkKkTLcPpYLyP4tCyOfOeGN51EmTqw5SDEi/W2B0KHu/qpH/POQhpYVaceC7LlUgWzFQuohHhVituqQXMgNvAFKQokWWlAUgacjmI6h9/5+z5Anbn/zzT3hNTYsPN878DmfrZZVXf1NqQq0t00n5j5xSSpPGGDHrF6aVrTatALM4HCRyCGitYN9A8AdohezW6VeyYITLyGhfJ5HDuLuuDOwBf7OE898N1YobEnXTHRkcHtmw5VPO5/34SMjDnzXE1pNCNVW4wc/OmTdsUus9DSuiRyldYpYltj2K/UW4E/00N8tn2rVxuecicQcN7PScbGhoeP67rncbx8n1PP6RLDU1cML2cXu1y1WjHFO1QUF99o1FHRBTSauRmrCnvlyxrDS8K5ZJhih60yKfb93BkT/32yE44FyA0dJ841tr66PFAXRVrg+xJ1CDhgMUdWaNLI8I5E1IsQ18BxQa0LDpaTe9U1ErzTBfYUcNik/xB5WGKHlI5e6hMpf7Tf5dsj9DQspJ1XBGcTktbf32gTuL2i7MTFgvPelxCjHeqDyjgihPxVxdJgrGZEAIujZOih2vW8GyvQVh5MR85/yx+mk3HarW6+uzhhBsyKlOfIrvOJfgb5wLVOSxRnU7beD3lO8EVL9Dg3Tn7HgYXdywuNfnx9g4BNkuSSVFH+AZa5iLZqvnqqxE2lQZgPSuXg2mLK+ncrds/Q3Ji5wwaoox1o2kfXk8ZFTz1Ag1QbSJ8CmgITSToTLk0HYrGZkIIuGVptZhDzcxOBc6rfRjDptIAzBN+OASOv9scKlOZLt35GYcGN2p4cDItbeP69Q2CJO9GFGNm2ZOjk15x6nXr6zlnQuDq05NB7BNoNwfleMryOr0iw7jnRNKtO9dAF/ABkrl9aybntu+W2DMmI11eemhgy8Ch0gCMK0N2SqQV8nr3nQrnUaiBY5SnsPIQXS20rjiDp6LSMh8bDNVa2Wb1gZC5g4YVl3YcbG09dFDbHeZHMK2sdVVabZXbmoSUmQkp5hcxy5fHGd+zi3uJLlRqHI71JVYbd8lS5S3+u11+GSg0LLl/4tijx60q6Y+L/I0j0Qfk2grjBdeBx1S9U9EOuk1sMkvrD2CvoEhDO5WpnMqd7KiBiZ8Kd8hSC39yt64KFBp82EX88kHd6cvrR+vuJrGw3puqgXG0rQcdcitucRm8UjLKIe3YPUZc5glJdPEwerA7no0j48qEBcs/+GFz5vnby4P9gPdB53D4zsHRlJTROvVqv6EBDCpbeB1u/tdOvOITDpoUFHCOlAqhVWnx1qNYM1GPBwT4/kK3Waat9J8ZAoeGF3cPfpfym0eCwthpoCF8SmgAKxEGi5sudO3YTAhhp0lBE6rBafGGAiWO88xsKg3j8Vwgk6n+tmBWocGVGr4RHNu4/nKD6tZ09lVesGGVRNrT1u2q3vBybCZExCzTDcX3MoIPuAHF5J1smGFcUeLfKplM8HyB34WGGfCeKK8RCAQ1gTCDxzAxCK+U0bsXmxTGkBz4cS+Jd/EshLYxZFYjYGhYcalnx/muNr+YIcyLBYWEvhuzM4hE537POgx+bCdxnggnGHFoX8PvUkNSoNDw9f0TVLT9Z9GiAKjBQ8g5+fRjywDlnJq3oXmNGPhIZ4ogavazGWvwFr5RQ6DQEJl0TaBSCe7cjAwAGjwFBjftqceW5VdOpZlnPJoZbFk8nCDg2A1baJgpG2NfHBVa5KUCQamLaaTP0OBJetvglL3Fkxk9pw2XoDaWw5art+J64uoIC2gIXgTuPfHiDvVALy3zpNPAGhrgQe8mJJ2RxcyEMJbXNlGoBn4kc3fr8SwloYhhUWkYt6kCX8uXzy40uGLDjbsqlar01rLpXS+9VRsmiJMyk218eow7K6Od2XxSR+jgC+Fa0mqh7r4d1T4wQ2QCSNVUiZojaAiJNlWXRwf/kNaCxlh2FrJrHBrURcB2ghQSBJAx72mcZ9CwYqSj46M1YWFBpoZVsDGWr+c4lUQ0klVSsOpzhrQrge8sUfHUP2qYK2hYsuTo0NCzaQwvp4EGT9RQn64EmVKm94xBQz12hvpgJkmQKSuRUx8wNcwqNEQuu9nX981kG4cAoeH9br4+H4q5jiuH0PvAQtIGMiUm2u7NL2iIinpaUvLCNQXBgIZLcHpmN5+wjkFDB6w0kPliZYHNVjAlNbyt0BAVZSopafHkPeEbNLgbVmnA9Ey2mOlOABHIUAWsNNjyi5UFubnFXqjBQ6Vhhq6p6aDBhRqW3ejrS5rseukPNkxAh/g2RExlqgDpoqCBUQ6pApWGi6Q9izr6qJfmJh+Ywdv9x4oZZtMaO9BDWotkKDkco1zBSEPlhVSD3U0zadWTDuAu2x89z6BhOo9sNg0KT8L6qVSmkPSmfro9EYOWR5ShF2GhQS+EmdLFziY1BAEa2Nhk+0ENJhmSkYHI8qRmWhsSOxBdpdnW3EzdjFkgU7auQp8aFIGWGgKHBurB5cn5KdBKQ9izdESZgRieoePKIcB59Qlp1xfTr4kv5xs0TE5BMKAh/CofZMrSQRs+AhXNDTxbcrIjN1tZYKdit6VjvkFDrNuVEhTKMsdTAAAgAElEQVRoCI3hIXwlH7HQpCAUinihZ8AcpD03VymmEpUtxs0+VBrmChrcsIGtWTaDDXFsnFJW5cBMqcsY5RCNMSIPTQRvgTaljXpM2a1gLTjOw/UzmRkivd5+/2vQEPKxSVdTuD+kHAOlhmZF/86QaDlqPtVuVVodjtcOO4nmzUdoCH6pISKuqT+n7BcRTUA4+tcXNbq4iHXAYd0mBpmirrFBzDSbDYqgQcOSr4PdoNgpqamRLIw2AuHo5lMohQiNOZpXb2y4EnCogxyU1s8mNQQDGjxGwNAQ9sl9rG0oLKwXTjKsBRub3ejg2rXWYj2cXcsfBK7t76ABaDIU8TQd4SMa62tYaOiAeyZCoThLD5jBnmvVzDdoiJoRaAiNOcOz8MyhiRZYarBRiBCjwKkXZ7E+a6l96VJ77tRa0j9/m6CBooaE6e6/ALGhXJejPh5xHIPaUEUUIsRVobVv2q0EDh/oJCqJY8sM/1/QMKbzhMFVV9CM2GmUYl0EDh/w9naFZB5Cw0yUGpyAWoUqaovQ/k7GYd1A4EJ4FO5FS2az1BBEaAg6NTCGl2q0yFyE6sAIQ6McwwwGeDM6SDNqip7FsYa3GBoYp8rv23iDTuWQ7jaUR1DXlNBBQUM7+v07aHC1mxDZSHo5NbxDI7IoCfD6bF9KkqKRd9DgtMuOob5qLbjNhkM96ZgiEU4o9WL7Urs9O9cqmheVBs9eFCx7FFFxLLkBbsthmtpaDVZNT0yiXQRBH32kQu7p4lk5M4WG+QgNHzeW9esqmR3LhY0lqIV+K0xEK+cjNKyYgVKDM6rVOf2SdU6HdWMXbqcSJaQy5S80rJxbaAh+g4KJhdXqfnUJs1xRbyrsgnhlJ//L3tnHNJGncXzvZdEbwj8XkiYLnoKue3+Y7aqxvSFjBF1gSaCLcdsUx5fkOAqUwnJmba3XUnwJAqUt2rCwVLAIFkRuIbJgvEM0gBy+ADkUkEo9RazkIoe4Mbns3rk3L6Xblpl2pv5ausn9/sKOJOTpzPw+v+/zPN9nHi2PiAheWUMoQ4MDHbZPd6JDpHPIxnfn+ofOEuLyXzEQ/T80eDRSWGX8o21LUzra+DlEduKzmhr+yisNLNp4l63LMZcdP8W8730VbGa2uppzcpq7yJ8LurpyPiU6UPZ+3pxM+yshBg1vhQ0suKFJcfeuxuEcEttUgZ5tJ17om0UKEMwQHGi4phIKBdXBxwa3fyjwY2F8Tdc8Whe60BBnFYluxIFNUMTErGK1Ygsrmx9i7/euKvQiJ4hSAzto6B/vHLLXBpsaPCokxZXtODN0nBGHM/R4AkINrKAhanhwbOJ2fXChwdM4pBaubI+Pf6+mAB/fHqrQwOlTTGj7NgQXGjxX29k/foYxQ3t8882VhwZah4zesXsT//XukXH6svOnGB/rfVbLWUua8ylGV5+3P0y20venXl4Pen3DChpeNi4sjD6NBoQNrPQGZ6vEKuUR7HCDbX2/hvsYMsPKQ0OdHjEYdOoglhKEVwhUnpASoT2S015TMA8LQ7Z7Iqytp9to7B5oC16C4uo55TlP47Gtdyub22s2d8CadZwgUgMraLBbJDqdBe0PSFkDJTWUlAlUJ90/+qIkHa9K7qiCy5gOoQCSoGADDVEjiPG8WcJsagMYaKi125e5k9b24PdUQRf8JGShYUaL6AxmxOfUBnDQ8KzNar3imYRoq/z0D3tr4tuTW1YeGmi2wg8W5A3nL8m9T21Y7/wGT1/27uUV4/ueut9vt/d7BvNG5Z/2ttfEN/PjvEDDatBrC5tIvdDJGxouyd29Rt4KG3xxQ2yFUuDpPr1Og299XfOwfoYRM/gSGoIADeF6c3ZqaqqX2VThZZqKjwBu1JliWASjmohlRk18kQgVhocsNLT0GG3YMg7E0UkNc/bxJ0DNGvDpzqjS82PNAF8mQ7Wx/kPD2sBCwxOL+dGjRzYj+hc6aPhBof0eYFlDODlbXeVZIakd4GMBFByMYDqEAgQ1sIGG25Kvt23b9gvjWBTdK+rW4OAwQGjYPgTz+YSHrfvHnT3JD/jwdOj6NCiRqZ07d04Zab2YOX0a5SxAaIgTJSe7TAz/scohB/uYfyUsZKHBIP8kMTHxtZzWizm60TD6jfMbXL/W1z3la9V2YrcUv3POQ5Zow42lk/ltXmSJlYWGaN2lf2KR+kr+nC5JUd872FvvDzfQ3IXk1if1MPJbV4H2yGC4cJZJDSQooeGtoKECwZkhNVWnoZv0wIO4UFIFOIMn9EzGxx/Pw8rlaRKloO6jd0IWGqzdNmJ136CWGu6jXAiCjvQDkxrOwVXXE65XuY1tJwUIgUbZtIrxtEsgUgMbaBgyPsKXzTJNY9gwgAUKOvBvYFKDEu7IuJBxBs30vFAn0AhK3Dgi8AkKFtBQf+/8Nny9Qoap34HDB/BI5W8BBg1DuDHDPx7AtZ7Jin77+PTcu6EKDZwZU+tOfNnUF2nmfO3CXlNc/QwoaPiNrDl+x46Hyw7Ka561WW/eiAsLWWh4IX+diK/zxpc0yLAbixRvgjE0+FLYt4pliwkJP5PdjfUI7/0n4+MUI3dc3nwrCw3PCbpKTGxYiKbupBhMwSKVMshabqADh6Z0ERapD2Gpa3oCb5jYpNIol2fe1vrDDEGBBo2ZYIbUVj0NM0D7iyJPZHGBpS+kpEVDR/rJd1Z+sYEGGBcaWm02o4i64iEZnyl5LJdXC0hqiHXMbT+THkubEAue1MAGGgYMGDFg1CAZp9YZjvAOFxcfStv9LSBqqHZYNIgKfRY6BKGsgQU03EFeEdCwbWmmnucrcHfaoeLiw7xd9YCgoZZPWjTwx6lqHDaGLDT8qhyZJKAhG+mjNnnCZ0qW7uOeAgUNDouGf1Gm5NeEhS40NMqJnTDxtZzaZLgRnylZtB+6BwoaBDAxEmcRP9zEePTqbPT+4ltZaBi95IiU5APKBswRKK8osigPGlntBzYskYNr+BSkRcM8fNwJDD/ON2OWmvCVnAgJaDjJJSZ3F+f+HtA2fTJ9noCGC3DFTwwaZEZSaaCBhjZi5mZkaRoKSGo4Di8mkE9jJm0ZTfCkBrbQgC8jNTTYoWPESHOuFFBZQwWcQUDDPFoSUGpglqAABw1RE9wicqT5CCBosDvMIAtg2hNgaCoNS9DwN2po4IjTSsmR5pmAoOGmwwyyXRbGZoUONHxCAw3ducXESHPuC0DQ4LCfSxAJKcP704QGHBt255EjzXfX+1Pd4EYO5CKHB+G+Tq68QPeI0TBDKECDynt6QsklR5wfhjzmQlXXXfNrm65GF0kHaVgFdvvXnMoXVgcSGqxyghlau63UTMEjHkbsaXR/H8fU1m73S2rIJAk+IQGuWAVSapgV5ucPXgx0esJGn57oyY0kn8YkDxZ48+Zbv8oaVDDBDBcW0boIkNTweMySP/IfttTgV3riFuX1pD1kpHIt7tCw6fHjDf5Bw4MlaNgOFBqeI92SxugAKg2b1F7TExt4xNkmsjjtrod23tS0zi9oONpOQgNdb6Wf0MDpE1vEKs7KpSeekmebyFKuwR0aLj6e5fgHDaQgivsig4SG+t5TFtOtoKQndJR3biN0gojUCei2h8n78B0XbFjL9EtcF4t2EIHKEDEYks6CGV6Oyrt1T4MJDeEm804vhZBCXqQjcuWuHx+XqtUmjT8JhghxlWPAZTlIZihP4WZlcbllAYSGpULIHurLS1vhYcjtfTzdabGg49v9oIarjnusA21aBVBqKOPhkUpRAYGGv1OmH55YCKmBrhDyiGMr3J/iBgLfifOR9O++9ENqOI4uEtBQlX6SQSsmY2hQQLy8LCjpMcsEBZtCyF4JLjX81niPuhAyhdwKI/cccIEGzozShCD3qKYm+oKGjdPkVMvf4b2VjKGBSjpd715RBqXl5UJJLwIHDRyyEHLSqKDZVQ+RkcpKd306tirUCFJY4Q80WJNJaGg+ChIaZk5hkUqD8mcCBw2/XCDK+17LqccmP3dshZG8BVdomNWqEbW03B9oEIoc52cNQGiI2nIAysUiZYoKGDREOwoh6UpGRyHyvFzqlp+IGh5DJMjE8GrW3MDh6I9m4OvPcBkLZIjylZx4uhvKyuNBBnbM8JYtlybE0KpT05z7BVCRYyt0PcVnqs1Tkzad3kkNx7VapkUPAnzWBO4g/QXjjEaZ3lSo8jqT4lpKLvZ3luZx6wIHDWuu9MiNxu6eK9RXRUtKA8/1ybFbzDabQdLpVB+mh4b6GSYohLLrhIO01Fubr7uIoDGpx1QbvDFDOTcPexaKslLuBAwa8DHYEjN9y+XAktKwy5UDtIhhasogEX7phAip8A0zajhYKMogHKQ1TPwbCKmhfFCtnujzygy3oT3YN3oiLek0O2pgAw31g5KGr8wSE03L5a48h9KAuEDDzISxdXLKgCiX9vJNSqlilpnScB9+QM63nGYKDZw+odqkLfcKDQZoHxapY7zuQLZcChFzqxmRUl/e4MCrYl6hq8ygN7ZOTZkRZyXxVcXQcn6nhoaW5JodSw7SzNazK6KegaNNXjeDQi5+zj/E1Qey5VInbzjfIDdQ10G+cCgNRdCoCzTMmnS2yVdmtTP3M6uQCmaYQUMmTBxuqvCzDTNouD/dmY/a57wqDRbeMezr3AdNBLDl8qmRaE6lGe/+nMyiRh5zUxpuIQ2vfv61Tu2khuGJsbLTzLhBBc/j0HAmfRNTZtjSa0JMI1u8CQ3RSWkYBhbvhxqDCA3YniwtVJbQ/RpvD5mpz3dVC0wGPKORrXN0QFQfgHg8aFcJs31aClfNd4jSGW/v1Xqk1WZAhAe9/B8FmfwtThODgIYCGnOnFisss7ZQXwtrgfYRDyPP9RA3R565bRbHS7o/CY9UzxwzqUEsq/qwSiZu8mYO4gYEJl2rzYxovVGDPq2YVCcnQEBDCw01/DDU2Ulr7mQnj4UnIK0LBnyP2LIns7NtyP94O8OYJtI0jhtPV529zd5eTPqBRm7V6G4kO8rGSUhm90NNMCS2oWm6IWnBC6bTlMqlISLW9KVVjNDC0HhNNNCIA2x6Z914mzSy2YsSAbcVFDZSoMeGGhZYuA8mGPxwm+zlcjPv+xaLzgwzOnX4oMWE1peZ9/k9z/N//i8axbx6w0xQJNH6QhE1XK/k76m/IgdpRdTgA3ClJuSgIebCNbZBdQ0KdeZOozPpyUEpF4ckCdPCBmIwDxp8MOc2ZME8zsEr+JUiPfsV2Uj/XPavvxy5gxyklUCDLkhzWSGnkIEGPW7+NhArhYMG3cKwtXPGJ5Wid1JwA7AT+Q+Ll+bvKKczDPCMWx1JUgQ1rWzk8v7xv92584/jkodgv8YMP9TwpHwWDMsFf9xFqSZvFg4a9M/7V9nVFalm0QBSf1iogy+hQdfOOoV7ikujrtf+KoJfqQqTImjY4S87/+23X5WZdiiEhqmHMTbOMbZuaWgoGsdsYzH3FA4ath3kVyossVJ6vdkhbJUBR3nesRRFaU7oJw6xk/j9YsJKmceU1Bt0+61l5/nQZ+tQWmYoTUf6bndF1m1cxJgBd1ECjoF3CQ3wOnPKGu00ifQbvIT7QnOji8qP8aewDiIbhYH8ZLmRjwIXjGZl7Yr3g1WVlf7NCeNa0O8NHd6ypY4V3i1Dyx1KEXPgire5kNCAjsK+f/pBmYgv5HunCUtLs91ozieCZQZJAjlEEv8WNN6BBurclKJSw/f+Slul/3t5SzEeBOa9Td6QTreQ5lLCLDsdlIEGM+4NuGu0gYYnMkdhLydsiWWRFsUDsppfKepcdx4F8NsWv8NnnCxSR/4maLwDdrJemazhOr9SVabNmeG6t8l0+YOTl0E4xV9ZWqbWcAVBIJ/mR9WJId/ARvrRRBRMivhClh6j7M0t1WSsKA8a6jjY3TewXvgyKGi826oJj6KRywMjD8vKEnMyg3AIGvYP+5uCfGQLIS1BHCxJQ8Mi7g0EchXvwthI64SDGpf86ah1+PV+yZLZyK+UhfDk6c72RuMCMzgz9A342kpUt+1uthDTG1wGtkuZCPzx9PHjp3/a3APxs/Pnf3rC/1HDxfmLi5aIxgF4BXHdto0YVGX6fPMNzJEXw5FIWEQLuUi5GpsvuImZvOmJmyALb6kMlplWCYNgzW7Cpwga/nTjsc2GmkCy998XeARzOZaF3cvElHSlYYYM4DR/tIDQoNcLwLCyykR+XBSdM2lobnCQ/XmnWY3TX0IV0m0aBvKiGqoxsLvFQY0r6lMsBDtbW62hXTpZZCjeWTqYTArbQTLyO9i9nJGZnKCNubb4wXcMDWf89Go2TneKhHJTOUEQtRvqAj4WTVzMgmuIK1qQGr5dYag+c0/B+dc+QHMsbX3/OphF4x1RmVJDrTvXJtcEGo5IM8OerwYiXGSgTKSFcb6CX6kHG6oI0yyChng9fJwSVBtKXpeVjl1+vndTH1KdF7D8SjXtH0YK81R4Ug4acm3yY8VaQMMeaWroTsQ4jo0lXi84/DNBEQRZ1p1vJ+0J89v7Uz4tfAxf1iONdyPxm0Ix5L1LJzdFhntNNL9SwPSBKcIjgyGV4qzS0PBfnOvsdgF1IxTqoWEcRLr41GtGhBoASRBUuiffpwE7Fhi4dhhKyx0vk1cFjpAHtk/JC2wgNJTU8SsVAb5dfha9WcQrDQ25Ou5uTaBB9kSFYcDycZmeeO0f/jBfzz98Zmv+9/4D1lLwYr0w8qKi6W63ecMzJeNa9NEXHytwNopFIjHbzx8n0KOeoYMin/sKMjmeWG+TJwtojoyHKG719d0Sa9evDAgr5c33aZjHsykGGlaU5hEvB1w1iqBBaAR9LikZeYmrNrhS3VM2Dtu4jMhAw7qWbqyA0ADB4cezt7r6bjEiVbJ+IfSV9+d7N4wxaNxpiBFgpmgM8XKbEazrG4rldQ0lC5siw84xwPT2MulHpfTtfEIRn7ZkcLO3AUPDoXcGDT5aiMwGziMiNDgc6rj8qiGUAVUaAPyZtY5cj1pDZeNFPsXhsYRu76ARoWSATHHCgwUFrpgW0PDZEWlq+GEgLoxQnBWbu/zlu/tPXlGr5yoNaA4zl+a7HrzBwVVS1BCkhTRhjfZ68Qa/BkqkoaHehWXmndpAgzQ1JBghociKmjV0z811bzyEog5WGpwZDlYaXuA0P0A9fvtDKNYvP70m1PVpXxMHmSEVj8q0J8oRiDaTSXVuDaqhoSfdOySMUDBic5ePBsdKNzpCToZxpQFqsEM4zW8j/KrOnpCFBt1MZNZgcMbB8CQmlHCdNDQ8x0X3FqJfA2iQW6lSwKFNdEx8pTZSVw+Iow0eDbQO4jS/hejYodm1t5OdFe5a8DXIwrJGqlfMDGifHl650YVGYlGv5lJ/DNMi0wdHKETnLhf7V/ZtcIRcAmv5lYZ2nOY3EksKoUFGZ7reqbWxSB09ggoNT58yc9LQMIZBtJoqLTA0rJztgiMUYnOX+pX+/OYFzw2jzNZ8O7YoTvOrqSKlwshNkWHnON3H7wefRtKjzCcIUZgx6WnLML6t3Wa9qv6E822h4bAnjAIzrWik4VI0i8Y0m+DLY5Y36w3IXYetHC5mmDChzMpBw2XCglqaPk2g4feS0PDLXQ4OXnJ3RbUN771yBEV3LI6eD1RaoHDF2333rQ+uWmeGvVUoiMRBDhqyYEEaGnwoHFuIkDqzBklo2CMBDSP4v849kDkK8yU03KCFzdf5lLkhvPo1p4Z3VX2oGTVcA1nDCf4r3NnEGSA1xNOywxPCZwi4qZvq3BpUQ8Mo8yncGvqiPQrOntAFUVo4S4egTnFdDd+uHTSEkGzCwM3kCIWzygghWSi9aHOZ9QWGhkFmCK5UryJ5XFEyMpSXqCWJAMYrk3bQ0IFkE07aD1AvJMXKQMO2AaOwwzcbB/QFhoacB8Et8RkK/UZo0OGWVzwqaEZ0dTgUXiBC2kHDHM6fmGW8MchCQ1G5SyjKtFDRnQWGhlW8UmeVEO++fQANSXNo3qnekesN9Lxi4FC8S/VVjMUMyQh8i63MBN4YPoFlDQmHhoMUlF40kOrGJw69NTTcwy2AE6yymcUgHXeeyHBRFMZbcYHEUasdNNwDa+gT0SaACCXskbOY9hKuaruD8GzRCBqkqOGbmjg2k/5O0WmX04ISMhuxoabFOTdO823bNSs1XMQbvJM25bZ6q9z4hIdw2KtdRJNKX0gZaBCnhrkYsoXMxkY+UkANVz10NuPMRh5D6eNVnLy2yRlAqYWGU7TTcMJ5gg+3Jj7uCnXriJwS8kqrsFJGckylx5NqaJhAmwSfvTxScmBVSSe7ZuBXygpzliWcvLYQQe2gwbSOn96IE91cQRloODhAuu3VFLWyrcDQkOxFKxUHiibxHoHeL48OxZnkhuS1gbioHTQ0sRAVnPEq/LdZZlQaGvTPzKTFbqHMi4WGBrYPhcI+drMDq+D0RAhwGUMmjn/Lfpy82skS7aAhgZoST9mHuJETj3XLTE+MVlAWu5s8VlpoaGC60Er1hpXcs/p+pm/r0FYOG6ukcYXbYhZzflJDDsXr8sciXCA7yiZBF77dS2WsIPtJY7XdTQw8VwMNhw4dfHtoWFMFDYeDUZoGHix06ED71gXCpB00XHqJMV6hdWLI0vIznRdbKapWrU2DJDRIlhr+LkBDXBoaXqWGqen6WCyWwEKHabRv2YmR7VqVGv78v1w/khmGReVUGITkjRpqKarep9YXUhoaJKhBgAYBGzaBhhw1XH1hbWWY1jo0LnH1MVLDW8hfP9SMGoSumvCVoUMeNpNKHeXAvNz4RPHEMZICw2qdIVVDwyCGhtt0qaJTLpdmaP7pa8KDBDGohg+4zQuaQYPOtN7omo/y0cSQYdMlcuZOz8PlZAW9uO1dQUMXUFRpKBpP0wxDT/Tg5BWp4V012jHDjnYOQ0P0axDO8MwQSffIQIP+2aqZNK4+0xcaGlZ7cShcVQINul3Daf6eimLvjxKk/mg2Vu7SDBoO5KCBS+Dz7JiHsuZO4+kKsnxGJTO8ATRE/k/d2YY2laVxXFBHvTNFBCGQdMa+6Ah24e5YDEjT/WCgbKab2JKWFk26YG1KE4oxmma6Jo1purZpm2QkYHFKm3RaAtZlP0wHQRnLTjOGvoydJTUtLlZa7WgRwdJBEN2Vveecm+Qm9yW3ufZl7qdaoi2P957zu895/v8/iVc3vfzu2kFfk05n+x/5S2Lw5caJR9gsI/mQA/xU4m+RkwzHBsKjMM/un7ppLvvo7Kc6KV4S143yGmooKNghGBq2xQ8D+AohP26tTYRLleFqh0ONN2a1WjuBhNPe3HlRIDRc9AzHDkyyLDZ3QGZzbVuHix0aWKjh15+QmfQAi8UTLSP78+LFxXgaxQM5rnU61NjIg8VHIZBSHI2GhLYaCm3D9WiBX4LjazKbdT0iKDiggZkavkFq08du1qzLZGrYu/eN3x9HhDclUq3TZMAqf/Or3uy99t7S9fb9NYEHFH22h7DTMNzbdsUIKtU7th4hFGuGhvukmXQgIuEZjb1gtcY1e50KpcZpqsNdf7Bab+fmhqLRZ8tCOw3kSO0Jr0fU2SsLBGSehQ2zkeaq1KRuO3LdDvPcQyQTk/GRkN2TeIPZaW6Q1t72+4/syuu2dKkKhUKDSoagwV25q9smc7tlEcZuUX62oCuD4wnSTJrF4im107Bnz8FW61hcz9qM1ZmcGmX50oLLmrfriN9iIQomsNMQjR9P7HzUqPPpguPFm2wjTc4EoOOJF018B3JWng8+X8kn9RQRzOBwaqXyoxOjk5LdR0dnw3QRVGwalpUXUswfIwFy1nJUMi3zDfhk4X5O++hsJARZgyUkwQwfABrQ2OGcu3INUweUL7vKMUyhd4FhU3kXUj0wmkxfsXazmU//sdtT3dWTOppZD0cz+1R2V8+2DYUG1lbDv2rAUEPg1j22qYfUA4qUCGIphpVHo0Bn8cN4UOcmnp0HTK2GIZWfTTeRp6ou66KsdhbkleeuFIkOttrtrhvrEkHBBQ3MYw1ReHbpDT7bt48nNRAUkCCIMhzDSt4aQaWCRpkv4Gu0MFJDq6ubTTfR1lxd3Xw38We9u/7EX07MyZqzsj6utdsnb6xLCMWaoUES8QEd13VZmkFx5lcWEdQN1Lg8UJEyEvQR9xSzdRMEVbbE7NOnSR0mgIYnM4F6JN4lvrba7TR7hE2Chv4ZN0ENP37LFgrKVFwqc4DM0KC/HShSfvZAwGaciczzq1hPMIb0ZdV+KrID1U/9vIz4hwr9Fnv31d1bAhoO+wZeEDvhgO8lT2ig2n6KRC45cTO1W88AnYWxGmBjNWNFjvhVQyzQ8Hlo5PhIiDreBV8iAkHiFWr5UfRZaNOzJ2Ijo6Ap8+Kme2Wt9y/gBkmY2PSkvaNyoLOI2HQBoHpgPCobdS0xyGrQfdnbPnOfisaw1RAAhxL3p8PT9yU8Iico4RMFaZGhYMeHgAYocAzI9HczbQz0dWa5sDpHi6lBGWDDj552orJSI6Pcsq0GK60qwhMBGFkWmXd+2O25sm09L3ZoYKWGez80+Zpq/vYrq77iELezSSiUO44ZnC1mpRJ16aL0A4pW8LQqKplXrRKsqgqTJhauQiNRKa9vZmldg6u4oYGJGu4QUES8UET3pbnusBw+/Pbu/bUy6H0hbZivr5+bl72lH1DUgqe1XMU8w6AAlSpvjX/jCrIJ07eta3TV2iWXRyO6gYBPNirJBBr2iPbcGFs4eAbXtrRo8bp5CGqLDLET5WBdW2QeUisClfr6m7jkMm4TxstGesOgYffUDKiUbTLTPWVq7HZhCfK++PtD6PvE4JzWBUC1hjn5qgsrqirFahLM3o1EoPbYXPKBrQEN0O1woMnHdmREgwYaio7dWFAozS1OA94EDFQCvXS/mDyjFFDYECM0jMBKUYLRHgV9Xq+PCrRbAhp2PNc1Ddxscr/M5BYGDYeJiaOTeIOpxVEnvfnjsWPb3aLmW48AACAASURBVDMs0mncxnhv9wfB1odRnOTDusDwdR81jyZ/Lc9bQfo2w4eBhm09LouwQ4WLyBdOqzaxHHTcLVFqwLrWzmi0UHRWLK44SVE/ZNXqez0qrgZDJ3/v6kyg4Qs268f/3Lv3j4/YnRwOHUqjlF+GyaGX1epvAXp7G4tTDyiGiKe1AzjVMLF9SekpsfjceTyxqBX6PbYZFYfMUmStrGwVeEDBCQ0sYw2L0fFoaF9aaLjDOrTwDk7LdBi014Ea01ud2mq49o54WjucBqyZgRmuKKrOEZWqUiSiL9tUwJD8LnsIxdXR2fCCQGpYOzRI+ifCs9NT6RZErsNRFZyWaSEqBY+E6NESzzCDo8NRhzNRQwg7XyEWnyr9+kEMGkRLzb02vfUge2DVyi+vvC83Ghokkv7J8OzoVMZ7iuRATiU0j3UYNKvwWMFCe8L0BKh2mBoUTK/WKuwSUamzRWcoEG/ptVXGGxZ0aJAcDUfC3280NGTvODzo9Q6yfiQdNECLJzgtYzJooBZaRteclAFQNSvLbzNAwzh2gajUlxjlTgyNnz4dDXFkT0zNRqb7Nxwasl+CSq1kehcDbqiBrjIagxmodbbraEzbX4MTW5+GjLhPuWw42PouUA2zJyM2W/g+BzM89b5iz4fjbDUUkMzwQaBB8NUNtV8dapNmjnmksgtZPZsxhp2+FSMKR1xVNbx/Huld3bde0MAuu/zoU+4rDTTsjMLk0Ba1yQwP+RKvhbFWQxlyetViDK9BduwcKFRFaVIyz3eccRPQu/rMDUGtBm5o+IzLGTJzaqiGntcOtcMMTBwey2hZFOhp3a9W3KVDg76oAlaqqJJ3dJUVeVf/V9BYQwaOkLt5iQG4oAFZopq0JhMaTE81cHqgMCCz2a8YbsjjpfDhOwU9x+I20iIOSfmBsBR4V7uzN7jTQBRKImhTOZCDkkPNWvO/0QAjzYYVIj0wzmeABvl5WKmzrAncNGiQRHBciUu9G91pSLfVpYeGJ0jBpDWbX0MzbtorTC0agG+h5H3kJu63k7BSF/BlqrEYV2BVfy9RKUwxvdHQQA4FCLgmkECc2Pr+jAYYafooNADvxBhmcaawC7BSJ5MMsyVc0ZaHb0Hv6ucZUEMMGbYINDRj8FlTOzV/YoaGWM5vaj5ET2ffRT1atggy5ZucCbyrL+93NJS3rRs0fPFphlcaahiBMmgnUanVZGggWw1HcFJvKE2JqhqqHcpprEKVuqTgm5G9RHpXy58IaTWkgYbPBEADOzUgGbSDqBR416FDw3vSzqEFSz6g+Gtfa1+WHC1b4pNyvinZY9C72ow3ChqGzAQadguFBjm5FTrNyGxvOTXekrRzMKUId3JDoeWdRWjZElcd5xmNLVKR3tXujYYGwTXMwaFPiUbjcEBosNEOIPAOUm+YPCWZ11p7e4h8txEX6flCwyzpXe3dWtBwNS00iJbQw6U1m64zQ8PPypjeMBkaikOh4kXsFCxUBd38lg0aeknv6tENhwah1yCSqBLvNq/hMALNRSRmf1hXkwIMExP9YayCRHa2Q7dUZsi+RXpXP10jNRQkkGGLQIMVLUtaDew0zMlaUz+Ax5yNklwbe0Amq6edhIazWA9vRlmjd/WaoeGTzKGBmxrG4bLUoTZrSLlyiuxyKOFslDyCBXJ+a9C7jvhCEd+MbGPMu1olpNWQDhqEUQNrpwH+H6vNsNMwTIuv8pOC8v24JSkq2yiT2fTll0ho+CqLJzXEvavHhBxQbAo0oGXJqTbDTkOgLDVcIortJ/EqaUhysSwYDI5jX6JKnf+JLzTIY97VL3930IBcWU1q1Gl4Rdv9jXFnI+r5RI4KiMz15FYoLjXyhIZ+BeldrVzZWp2Gq/nkFpLPGniBFmyz1gyhwWfPSbkSzkZ5sW/l5uYWA5H56RHUEBWLU5I+kq/vKFbZE6R3dd2tfAHX95sBDWT4ikareY1UD6l3XUnc/jAJcMIync5mw1ChzrFBA+1sYhD9uMtK3ZqmIZOQYYtAQxZ6PEwNGmhI7bnI1mlooHYa2jzu1fo57y3yHjup4DtWEfwg3tWc0PDJOrUa0EzDfk0dXOB146kOT0fwmIcydUUbsrlX5x4G5KjpLj4v38Wz1RD3rm4UMguZHhrW4YDCT77s1H0LGw1dqSMNzJ0GENxevxooIUG0tIwj8DIpbSJWd2VEyFjDZkCDCDH0ZbXhOjVUlTLqSHYaHEmdhkfBwPzjYZ0CgWhF0Tg/aBAlvKt/+d1BgxE6gHQYDKsx1QNLpwGjTP7l2GXDD+fmfdJL5ALfzA8aJAnv6sEtBg3xr1hr1fh/9u4vtKksjwO4aEo0Q9l5EHxoWGO6WFGXzCjmpceXFMu0ttXiBMtqlZ3QhEbKxj9NNug1bfpPm95kh0ClDbWZGgKN4MN0KQTWAUdwre3YReuGQFNsK60MglJncFB22Psn/2/+3Jtzb+5NmvNowZZDkvvJ7/zO90eckl5vOxUgAmdfUiaLRjKU66L/JBPL1cAXCPi0ivrwt8AMmd2yb+OvPob3vVPCPkQ5RoOUTADpaWvd9+DBgwlqv2Ns0EK8GZ477+3bOmIMQ/SyYpaeGaIjqloV0oyXKA4kgCGRDAJBA/bd/1TPzp4LEiM+S9dF7TVQk3k9lxJ6GszECMsGn5L43PpLtZ7ub2MnuzoLGr7kptQwJWm9vrO7XTHtdri1U68puZADZE9D4pxfPZk4hyqukm9Gi5hmqSGaXf0NTC9kVjRwooYOxdkbXZcalVqHz601UOZkD9e0kT0NyrgBl+ftbjzCSeckP7cuSzTl9NTwIVrhccGkNfBSaVipUXZ2dXUqG7VuB+qlTr4O9zTsbKuNv2jZQQbuTJNV9xOS1zQrDbHs6rcFhwZ/c+OlrhtnFbUJtx4oPQ1d7R0JYicmSwSmFfgn/NcX6+Q0Kw2x7Or5gkPDjLK9u+t6q2Qa2ykUuZniVRDpaYhDwxAeB6/TBduq8a+BX5+uEdNEw9vGyIiq9UJDAz4Pswc/g5q+OzLhBP+rrKT0NPRQexp+IEZYHrnXfhz/Gvi34x00zSDSRis877JdvowuejuVfzRsMeNXlZpvEkO2U5wy9NY2duLv1o64hIfy8BQLnVFy/HL9CcW583R/2UlWsqszo4GrUsOex0ri+tvi1JmpxaPUXEhrXfsl/N06R/3Y0gWnJafr6y9KBmRimqWGmkh2dQvMtcvsaOCgrWF4GE9rkNR8+jg3MNf0nvrzcUVbd1fPKUn86YQVTyZqUKk2piUX6+tPS/SZAp/iDyi+rYtkV6thMp54QcOOSTytQfKvh2snz0wtUydf730hudDT1dMWfzqxlwztXFpyNJM79aKMJhpi2dWFV2kQe/C0BsVJq6XFpU71NdggOXW9q7tdGd/r+NFJZji5m6tP1F8+rhgX00RDLLt6veDQsH2mlrgjP2hyuUyDKQpOA4rW6xjpm1/FoUEdjshE66qv1l89XmeliQbpfDS7uqrg0CC9g99nVjoiQ7YrKxPcUHG7Rnn2xo1OZXwodsVzcorFEWM19ui7Wt08S9MMIjSSXd0oZXmneEDDlvJr5qEMxwv9ePqAwl6eMi3aNqCQNNtom4Gl7OpsaOCqF/Lo2ovlNKAg+pLx9AGlXpYwYoKcjKMDamwb/26ipLumRYNJEc6u/hEmF5IGGjhoaxj+w28fTZ8yJEkTg9vrbJS0aB3eVmPDHg/nmjLHRMarwU7WwloVr2DSGvhBw44dL81mT4YY3zWC9IupZrCGvI//gYFjuYwuGqLZ1XXvCg8N2HvJYvZneJbpcdLXDKVKiw4N6JsligGNmC4aotnVtdLCQ8P2iiePnk4SOR27UoR17Fix46Q/F3duIRMTI+7xvkn7XJ1E2eIR0600VCkvkNnVWlHBoUEkld6ZD9/alMZuYsa29hBBem+8CyqiadHPkGpJXcpIqMqU+Qyrkezqt6IiQEPWNdZ0M/Gyw/lIpQEMbbnC6A/8oiWcXX2FQzRw1gtZtndvuioEeYNCY0mKuPUgG2SlAWjE8pSZrunUsHKOzK62QyU80UIDF82QWdbwuKUpMU46XGlo2ED6y+/fzxouHaeGD+Hs6kdQGU98oQH7YP8+0+yJhcW15T2JVyoilYaOhbKjC3Ex0tmbGsjsaqhCA39oyLb2N1mSShAWNPIoxH4qz/QcTL49EcmuXi9ENGSvbzWZE0oQsUqDWy2WHc6y2QloEM2T2dWNq/yh4UCqRZcN0pQRDtGs+KdPk2JMI5UG59Pttw9V0C0zECc5kguXelqVtVWbAg3UZUGJwdc+F+MsynB2dfkWTtHAVakhw9lFmneYgfzccrSkPU5Np4aDeBZzsw1uBAUdNHCU1pCNDfiKU8Bndgd+OqFD9fRGUsSVGj64sC+ZtT/ADaHgDQ2MB1Yd7SDHg8RCSemiYfeMEfvmNH1HVJRoSBHDCsieBpBtqjY13OkJXl/9Zl1alGhILkHEehrAUPZdTUSD6E6tRKLQrop4QQMJhNT3FBnYISMckufU7SPH1P2U7tZEuhhI6Tz26FOCKtEmRcMtOxokZrLmmF3NXSIksf7MVS8kczVY8TsBQTeS/s2YvhfyoHXwT5CDq2ihgZu0BlpwiD+fQBwBFbZTgzTREFPD7s8nfxyEHV1VOGgoWyNuT0QGtzNBQ6XozfoqZE23gNAgNgEfPrjdfpgxGrAvmTOz+Y+Rzhcakl6AYrkehAKBENDLmaJBKpKurr/h5DVVRUMM2Qc25CyHlHCowG9PPNg3on1UsZ1JmYEsa6yuV0FmUhUwGrb0qxEA7Nd4+u3Z0MBZL2QmNKRRw+8GgO1UphtMsl05LtbQ8EceDiioatDYsZ0yDNKdfsnyEIoCQkPZ4hk8p2G0jCEaeJs9wRsa5GbsYwpR+8U5oAF7QGweNIj3m/CdMtGZiplUaRBx9pqqykaGbTRX7nJIAYfZ/+I5DSmDsyuzDZuQcrJThYIGjA1W6IIBl2gQzgGFzDpkzej33NGwmzU08KaGBAYMasYYzMxmVw2FhIayhYfLo9TR2CU0pBhBrxny03gOCmVgFW9oEIv9Q3R2SihoYEAGNuCQsN2zT2YO5UIGrnaqcNDA58qOBu56IRmXGmi8C7krNdBEAz9tDRQ1MFwQaKCqoaDQkGIgQAkNEKuEBiabJQA0MCUDLByocqCKIQ9kKDo03O/vFRIahFNqoAbReA6zc0CRvdRAFw28qWE4oxpujfVyVGr4vMDRkLxGPSslNNB65Hk88hIa6KBB7vHLBIqG3MwQhUPO2x9eyVz458xPUlF+VlGh4ZbFhSC2McGggYdSA001eNQIQGz+/JQaaKNBGG0NicuqRxCX5VZ+DigKGg3LU17galopoSErGcbtALQ0yUpoyIYGudkFEMO4INEAYYZU8xxytUN4Vc1rjca36yU05HCdIhTYSBVDzRcaBNQLmXSdAg0FQ2hCfgp3vZAM0CCItobyxGEUG0Gf09CbFzUUMBr2rnlRX9AH1CslNGS9TuEIBh0gOWSthAaKGfTAF9xwp7qsyjsaIMkAXXBI+ttR48i9X78z3imhgeEykcMo3IYvhIOGL4VYapAZiBiVAKrOSy8kfTQIrq3hvsuhIgavmvPS1lDAaHjtdSwt6VRBcK2EhsxLQwY3hICmhIbMaBgngxt8iEdwaDjABhrg6w3RdCvjz8ewNaF9V0IDo9WLbBARkUFkTDBoEGapwUq+GXUhJC8HFAzQILS2hiE8IlKlavC5PuNKDUWCBiJXWqdSuZ+V0JB52cIRkaithIbMaDCEIyKBWWhoYMsMLLnhnXYCN8Oxn/NTahAOGq7098NdnxwDAXIYBdAICA0cqGFhdHQPVKlhXEu+GQPAmo9eSCZoYDfj6f3vvw1DqeEmnjqqa1AFkVv5uHfJHxoOel7DoeEFSqIhhOwqbjT4PX44NERHLBiKGw0Vsy8PwqEB8YVzpW2CQ8M2NteBQFAH9ae/Mf5KoOHY3fnNhIYr1+wIYr8JMw2iPzzBSgeswkED+72QC2tnvN6pRZhSgyY8wSoIPPm4dskMDey1Nby3DXR0zH2COaC4BnT4LArsUdibj7QGvtDwyoQA7+OHbFQafM+LutJAdBCrPTBoiI5Y0BczGipmngGAWCZh0GAP8wq1CAwNbBYatm0dMfb1GR06qErDCImGzVVpsABfMOgDJph2BL27gRxGUS4gNLB9QLHwWOsOhdzeNQg1yF3ku9FtyEsuJCM0sHdA8X4Oe02F3B3jEGroR0LkMApTXtIaeELDq+doKOhzdsCo4aE3hKNB52wqZjSEO4hdMGoYJ8keAOPFjIYnwL2B7ZR9EgINZnKngsAqNDSwWWeY6Ov8zy/dfU4VxCmF4y5hhhHjm02EhjGyHyEIVSQYRByBBp0P5CdYmjYa2O2FXMY/nJeWfN7R3A8oZON4HH7AQRlGwU0vJDM0sKWG4Y9k54Zj4D3EAYUZhHSqgNs1xmXGE89o2GVDsaf90hI6tQChhsda35IuiD6fLGY0hEe/oXoINMgNzg2dbsNpkBcvGipuIxNHjvxbFXBaINDgb0GDeMeoWiYsNLBZaNj6VV/3X7H1S98ERHfDqva7r3Az5OV0QihosKBkO8JbE8z/orEDFLjyNIyCLhpYLjVMoeRMYi1MqUHW5AIAtAzlZwQFQzSw1NYwfNKhw2SkW9KOQ7Q1nMcHBwD7IJdx0jE18IOGSSSkwtEQ8sKUGhZeeL0APHtVzDkN0Q7iAZi+Br8ee0kBvb+YcxqeaPfhaFD5XCsQOQ0efGYOYtsvsCuXLBca/s/eGYc2keVxXNT9o0/K+kehf7RcdpfhxLscE3a5gWPj/TMwGLChSQkEbKdcSlOaEAjCNhZSU2t1mqRNEcFii5e6lYF4IByFgOAKm116nnfa5VYrQi0xDev+UbCsB7u4cNzMm0naSWozyUzyXpO8hDRNin98nXnzme/v+97vL3CcG9ESitycGRkZca92NhI0OGYlaLjj1/TPtE4EB2q10kM9NOhKDWellsQbMw81ZSE/m45Pf6Jj46r9rIZyoUGXPZ6uv+VeDg1tiLeF7zQtoZibDk7016gJBRpoSItLRIZEEH2lbdXlejzSXtc7Qk7nE8QDmrKQt+Px23W9I2THg2t/hNDwYiyraUfIiXj8HnY7QuoKDbd6JWj47vLhytdSCP/Rr5eWThw92kjQEJDiCGdmHYcOylANDfpmIZcXJWi49kzjDk8f1awFRfnQoEeB4i0Hs9cbQ+Z3B6YJBRpoyI79JEEDrw0axN4T9Q0NA7LTUJggbvaeKBwP3F9DaHg5ZtQEDe+bqOoIGvokaLgoQYOIDUcxH5hAw4C0XPK5eboOoUHPAsVvYUq9pJVced+qKlgNZUODPtQQvSZWJ4bucL/o1ISi+rEGRJkGzyKEhsWzTzVDQ333nvjEmUsQf9SEhn2h4VPzHQgNM9E6bFilKzTcvfwdhIbLt3bt3NCEBjV1Bc/MT2fOvJjx99clNOiYhTy1fO3lxsYd90OdGlfVoEd2+dCgS6zhl+6ZF0PP77gDurWuqnqsAdHqicjY4vOhjUV+/YMmNOwfhIybZwUSXeSmm10uS6yeeOK+8fU/XiyOpZvQUCIJ+TeRGv7bO3Ja930i633J5VeBMbN5zDF5qB6hQdcs5I/LvJvnnz2tUo/sKmQhK4AGXWIN//u32ezm3l3/8ABQg1SgQOQ0tKe+N5v5s1qZoRFaY8f3ThA3oaEo1fDE7L5mjkVamtBQYpy8dVkYI3cLtolsQoOavZmmp68cOlSn0KBrFnJ+/VXp7fuqZzWkRgOB6B6PlZW1/Fh58C+N0KBLGPLXePzth9f1aV1VPjVcDT5Zia6UeIYeJXaoAdmOkJlU/NWpD5BBw/bS6mzJsbq0jcGOkL/bO0FcK2g4sTSrQqnX2xjsCPnpo/AEoSLkUiVo2FpVpVQncmg4cuT0jS/vHi7eXbpWDLCpSqnNTgyh4aCNcqABQY/sj6tEDSGedXElh4+lxx5rgQaddmu4fl3HLtnlxRqurrlYXo1SbOznXIHiQLfGrhgaTswkad5Xcrjo5Jtt9NtIV22ogIYtM61Sqdlt9L0nOo5rbY1dMTR0brpplvdxpZRi6WR+mSI6aHhfT4qaIMOSoFRpoQSl+KUmNNQWGhA0rqpKFtLBBm7aTXsPu93ekntkwpzrsRZo0LcJRe0LFFdjbChrVzHmwj4uRw0NCQ0n3K7RLKFipEOsebuRoWEr6bMmVAhliATomTpoWFU5NGwmx8JGFUplUg56thNPaKgNNSzRsWBGlVIxeqkJDbWEhj/g2SO7bKshzIZNIjPY937kmcHebzd283/VAg2/0a8JBQpqCLATdpXjii8mFygaEhpmXBFC1TjenmLfNDI0uH1ZIqNKKUOQXm1gaNhOLhgJlQfVaO5aiB001AIbtmi/qiOKMBDEGr3ZhIYaQgOmPbLLthpiMWgpmN7rNbTsuA0R+p/aoAEZNegRa/A57KpHmJWshr83IjRsJ0cJ1SOQ7GxcaNikg/L0vf8TXgX+425gaHhNp9UfU9wMttBQfWpYZY2qhcqws01oqC001IPVYGTDpv2cBrlAAV9aW/g1TdCgX+uqmlKDxAwR9UaD3T7JPpDCkD83IDQs0VnV09bxCP26caEhN8FnSj3FEaa3GhYaOt/41DMDEUpuYwsNVacGc6wMpdb4JjTUFBrqIgsZYW/u6zSY7P27ShT+77VBAzJq0KFA8Yg9ph4a7NyKhBqNCA2rrjKmLYJebVxoeLNAEGrKEwbxj7L068Z1GtyeMg6pFL2FLzRUmxqSoTKUstKdTWioLTQc/CxkS4q9UuQ0WAGIip/ZTZN+hmRixnyBwjOmERoObqyBeMAWo4GolGwtiEr5J/PfONckaEg0IDTMFtwVGgIsRTILcs4hzFtImy+Y/9bVwNAwE5OrExnpdUcpg/h52sl8bmEdMjck6KUGhgbHPodUIiZOU4md1KhcqkfVGhspNSSt+ygljAgF+Pwvj+jtJjTUFBrqwWpIsXOFTsOkTYQG+I4BTDcNGGOuQOHQDg0HNtZgLYYGqJT0TlZqsgkNxdDgAxTPMYBKib9EAXBxLACBJjRI0CAbDZlCpTKElQI0x9sY+cvGhobo+w+phHDyccLJl6cGzKHhSC2hQaEUPN/ALmgINqGh1tBw8LOQLRAa7KbdVoOTckrQYHcCrtVk8gNnzmrQ7jQc3FjDHk4DVEp6Jyhlt0OlmtBQAA1hwGSF614MiFWLLEmKJoMVUMYmNMhOg8AEBnhTqFCKSJGWIFwZJ/+NsYGhoVMJDUqhugEnUFUMdB8Qp6G6VoMSGpRKiXkP4MTWaWi1+mguaKp3aNAhC3nq2f3zf3qFKgtZ7DRMA4dDgoY5QIpf9tvIOTkNqd1p0EIN88vnzzt/RVGgEKmh2GmQlII7MwhKCT+gUjhAQ9rPsv7bmEBDDEBrOQEoOIlJMxYNUlhAw4CTZh33UEKDgchbDQqlhFvC8O7lcYidho5HHM2uJFA5DXz0vYdUFpBi8NZoI7OVOw06UsPhL5PD3lsnUVGDEhqUh5QgloUP4uo0TLJgsGcY+FrrGxp0sBrmbcDb0wWW0VgNxU5DP0P3y9AwCniIEU4wKlkN/XpAQ8WxhnWK9PZQwIEo1lDkNMhKiW8FpWTDYRQDaGi3kpTXS5E/4AENnty8ZRNnqTw0pHGAhijo6vGSlmnUToNUgPDvUsoQAczO0jiRG5A6DR0LglKDpC2NhdOgOKRC8l30AghV7jToBw0nvWC4ZxAMn0ZUoFBCg0IpcTUqlQ7i6jT4qEttbW3nSE+9Q4NmamC6LghK9YJnaLKQRU6DBwyYZGjwAw/8KAT8+pUnKqaGecvgVFvbeB+Io4k1FDkNfjBgl6HBLygkjpD8Ey00pEnvuKCUl5zHAhqCOYfUL85eFrk8weKQaYiDPkGpqUHLZ4gzDTD3qFQqAGLG0VgslMhhA1KnYQX0CtPUhS66HYdMg0Io6RUKpsVp0IsaRshzglKXqCQiq0EJDQqlRKPPQ+DqNNwEX7SJo486Vt/QoDkLuQ4uQqW8DJIsZJHTECGdphw0cCAEvwgCTg41OPSBhoqo4SEp0lXb+DCPJtZQ6DQIStlz0CAoJe3pJCqFHBpi1DhUilrGIwgZg1ksKgYvj1YSBiH5LA7QwA/Dk+8CGUDqNBj2UsoJ/AwQhiUof4/SaehgvFCpiyCIg9OgEMonhWoNwsmnwWnQy2r4M9kHlfoC3EVjNRQEIRUnn5FhMgSuTsMoCaettktgoM6hQWuBYrkLCtV2DvyIxGoocBpaWctkHhp8YFROOfh0dRoqo4ZvByWleikk6y5bw0poEJXKQwMvlyVEpdBDA90jKdVzHg9oIKKkcPGj5cksaBF+sTkyOEAD2SspNehDmWmA1YlMoVIcIG3WRIQDlqy0UwNKp+ExOCcp1eXHIdOgEIqXyxI7F8PKoEEfargBLkGhxsEtLKBBcfLFQJDA1mloJGjQloWsABr0zELuOA2S0RCAnCBDAy9Bgz0HDXo5DZUVKO7noIFEs1tDATQEICdgCQ1MDhoYLKDByJGedCJISzeEUcBNGCd8ubvCJjTsyjoqlOKAFIRkgUciCmMDQ0OB06AQSoYGQ/5iWJnToI/VcPgGuKAKGn5fG2hQKJUiuwkCW6chIh9jfdRX9Q4NGq2GdRlMe2wfI1l2qXQarlAuu6mwPGHSuzxRGTU8JKegUsP30ezxFGZNu1tSCUrZMS1POLuk8kTXWUyCkPDSmKaohDhj0RniOJGhQRADaGAlEJ0io0gzDZm9lFqQs2sBGP9AnGnosPXId4FhHDINCqHk8gSRL08QFUKDLtRwWl154kiNoGG3UhkamlbYrp5wwXjfJSp2qP6hQRM1PLUNT0Gj4SGSFhRKp8E0CmiXMBjAuDzKIKSOqycqLFDMfy7G+9p6wQ9o3uJ8FgAAIABJREFUdmtQQsNupTALQrZPAHGGH+8B32ABDYy8utIlcsKClOYmHHIyCy00WGG8b3yQuofYaZA2hWRkkoKLLT1SVvR4OLeKAunqiTUY75saZggcnAbFIVUUhKzQadCJGi7DNQAXugaP4AANu5VKA5s4Z9HA4vLhuHpijiG9fYOAPVb/0KAxC/mNheoRlPr2KZp9IZVOw//ZO//QKNIzjlu6uTOTtifCnSfdc43EC5x7ycaAcT01FzYkzR+GjUdCJLiBDSqmSdg/AiEhIgSJ5IeRBnTLBQ1FjS49UFEjHl0CsZRypgbbHhw9oekaL3eQmh7Ceb2W0tnZn5lMdt+ZeWfmnZ3vJ3okIXjw5c3sZ5/ned+3l0tydtWWS9dhmjMNyqzhq1I+qZPcHYMuoeClwZUuDamkGNtyuWXLae7Q0aOHyDfkaCsNpdxA/Gy63mgtuSf+hG9mYctlgDt59KM9eyZfN3imIVZsKI0/4YWkBFngv83rqfEzDRsvd3LHjn5UWjfAxDkNq5bUmi2XCisNlBoUB4/xSf2y9NAvmJCG9KQWUs+sOiZPhAz3eBp8vaY6pkGxNKhrUHx9p6bud1/lvWvIFRTplYYU4sOduKArdtsltUqDogbFw5aGut8/Nerqqqg0uMTnO4kPd+JYONyJV0FvQ8NEGyOHO9XEHuYR4U2PN35u3ymukYnDnSY7G2rmrhp8IqRkUs49pQux18IJ42caNm78+WNfQ82fF9g4EXJVUMnDnbhFdZUGSqWGg785dujkbw/+mJFKQ1pSRaKBUdw9YZg0qJ2FfDf+15A7slOVhmbPULxJkZAGV/IY6ehP0K00mO/qKkEaBGvgkxJJA46RlpYGb019tHzcMMw/tgJcTSR6QEPpkNB/5oZxjHRipsEhlVRRgOt08knFyg8RNu6e2GT43RMSQZ0SHSOtuNJA77AGA++fSEqDRFJrpAF3TxglDSa+giLtnAZ/fIMl/1VcGlLXMAk/QrfSYLqrq2LSELUGf7IJkZQGXFglKQ3+6PucUA33gT96Z05/bCch54teWNWIC6sSlYZIIqnFVUk5fVxDZyopB+6eWGdJLcYvrFosUllp0NMatJcGiaRQaWBIGsr0vu2SWqkhVWmISkOs0CBIg9CyiF2NfUa4JztafqcpDYZdXaWw1CBIQ/c60pBICldjr5WGolC7J+123tP+utK6ziFcjZ3WnoisTSo6Gtno+aDOP5Q4/MnSt1xOjWRYUqGxhtKG1NXYyisNOl5cpZM0iJJCpYEZaTDvHdlplYYEhxNfrpp0OCw0KGi2J1Q2KHS3Bl4aul0SYw3SQBpIQXvCIY4kNhvpiN99mfgOKg2EqKg06GYNep3TkAVUGgyUBgMaFHRmIZOVhtRH8su0Q5/iL5Z0pcFcYw3RSsOGblJrgDRAGsgrDY70w6Qjaf+NfxqxfKVBjjQUqZKGXeYuNMiTBlQajJMGA0oNdBoUpJWGmENQnWkw21hDotJAZg2QBkgD8dXYiXOkI/EaQ0Ig0s6XxkyDTpUGnayBEWlApcFAaTDtLKSMSgP/h3KlwbCxBiXWEK80dEMaIA1UKw0RyeZEJH7zZfLkJ8w06FJp0McadqHSAGkw6Sxkfv6sb5Cg0hD7HvX2hKmGIYd8UWPYQFhqgDRAGoikIRIvKTiSV1etbVHEJCJk6UpDo4wlNatKGvSwBu2cwTbdSx7UpiFIg4HSYKZSQ7o1LPiGV1ca0sXhsNghAn+hLA0mGmsY9YWF7RNktYazf7CuNMz7ZTzgIx4LS8PKqUQvIqELjqJkgyJRb0iow4JnybqVhv0BWdKwrEYatLeGXVpKQ4+MpHqn7ZAGA6XBnLOQEX8vcaXB1ep/TF0aTDPWMOgbjdYZNhCNNQR9n1lWGuxLnmFa7wpzWxps856QaOQxTRhWtyyKHPWeYutKw/mpCPmaGsnwUkiUlNbWoKEz2M5NyJCGseM2SINx0mDWbZft3sPElYZR3wJtaTDRWENzwOXqFvZPdGeVhl7ff61babDLebPT7rdbt9Kw7KkvSswviDZNRFLtivgOzIn9dutKw5Jnlrx4NbViUycNGmuDls5gu+JZJE4q5JuHNBgpDSadhZz1jawqNGSoNFyaat7ioC0N5hlrGPLVR7PYQHBaw4AvPtJgSWmwnff0kz62hjzzNutKg/2cb1ZUUIg5giP9G7HPeuIjDdaUBvvxqQXSzROBePFKjTRoaQ27NJWG4umzIcKknBPTy5AGY6XBnOdCDvmahwbDBdk4MzDi9zq3OBy0pcE8Zzyd9o31B7MmFQ62tfvGfmVlabCveAL9i85shBaHxjwrditLQ/F+XztJUgv1E555u4WlwbY85W+cJUmq96znik29NGhnDdo6g832bHqqZziUPanh053TSzZIg6HSYNZtl7NjPiI6e5z8T9OXhm2mGWsYaiZL6uzjhDNYVBrs88c9ROyft9usLA324vNThEldsVtaGmzL56eJgpo+t2SjIQ1aaYPWzsBbwwphUivPbJAGo6XBrOdCOmf7szK7EPtZodRAWRrMc1pDcGCUzyL6t/+z9T5mFzalsKQ0CM/4pStZWVpOq6paUxrsNvszkqSK0zzDmtLAu+izKwRJ/SvbmiJPSgtr0N4ZhFlkgqSeZUkK0qCHNJj3Cgo50JcGs11dFaN1EwmWlQa73FasRaVBPpaVBvntfdVJUdcGXZyB0CxskAYGpOEnpr2CQo40OKhLg8muropLQyukIYM02CANkAbTSwNvDbty1BmyJiUmzAULgJggF5ZI6lYJOV1d+xTBv9c+oJRypTgVEgrtfiSZ1Cc3FPPkYxW8VMMZxTiDoewsrE0qzD3arZ7sk07lByhAskpCd4vVsyy5pGgklSHDco0JSf5v72qR1LKKf/FuKPmZ6lWXvgDl8aqYNlSSOnHiIDVOnChmE6mkxAQ5IEUQSSEprZNCUFhSSApJsZ6UGFf2nWMWJBx0ISkkpXVSCApLCkkhKdaTAgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQEtcwXABEBMOupAUktI6KQSFJYWkkBTrSYkJckCKIJJCUlonhaCwpJAUkmI9KTFhLgi7WkOQC0skVfydmN2vlBA8o4DvFbHt30ooKyHmlmRSj3ZLEXLKp1w+BxTwZJ98ukpkIZFUmPvTXVq8CqUIvqTCx09urEuJdshZUkoIqVteUjzpKjEC6aQWnTSR++thTBLKknpA4cnBJCqW8gOJpMQUcAXo0RClUsB9t1XM5ctvKiD/p0r45i0FvPPO2wooe5+YEsmkdm+UwpEvn+2vy6cwTz47X5NNWdmP5CCRVAF392e0uL0pRevFNyhw8dMn29Zls3bIWVJKcKhcXhLslLcUaCGdlDOfJoUyfzuMSUJZUuWi54aSBweLFBYqX8rlBEIAaVAjDVsVSUNrq27S8JYyaSC3hs1ypMGRU9LwWo5LwxuQBkiDhaQhZ5xBlTVAGtiUhtvKpOEb3aRBRqlB1hNep1KDkt9+SAOkAdJgbWnIy4M1QBp0kAZlpYbc6U9sZlAa2OxPQBogDZAGdqUhl5xBhTVAGjSXBmWlhvzc6U/IqzRYuT8BaYA0QBqYlYbC3JIGxdYAaWBUGt7Mnf6ErEqDpfsTkAZIA6SBVWnINWdQbA2QBh2k4bJuQw1M9idKWJQGJaWGnVr3JyANkAZIA7PSkJcHa4A06CMNVt8/IVMaLNyfgDRAGiANjEpDDjqDQmuANLAqDbdZl4a3tZEGJaWG7TnSn4A0QBogDWxKQ2FOSoMia4A0sCoNuu6fMLk05Ep/AtIAaYA0MCoNeXmwBhakIdzf2N47mPPSsFX9psvB+vb2+kHG+hMaSYO6/sTV04FAfbk5+xO6SsPF/43MBSZfQhqySsP2tpFA++gOSENWaXh+v6+j75PnOSgNtAsNf336xzufP1z9jkQKFq3BUGm41OzuG3d7+yEN2ayhzese55NqM2V/Qu4TXlV/YrKlY7zP7R2ANGSThh/cHeNN7rnvIQ1ZpGHHiLuJTypQDmnIIg37mmqv37xe2/c8B6WB7iv113cqvrj3RcXnabogGZUe5iDbGoyUhta5piPV1dUXWi5BGjJLw6C378i1a9f6vINm7E/oIA3JUsNAy3hVVdVMU/N77PQn2JSGSfeFmZmZ9zvmLkIaMktDr/uf/Jr61j0CacgiDX21X1ZWVn5Y+7eckwbahYY7FX/fu3dvV8U/8tb1BZE6aGkNJpKGNnfUGaqrm3pyXRrU9ifq3VFnuHbEXW/G/oSe0jDSURVlxj1pxlKDntIw1zdTxX9sdv8H0pBxCb7nHRfW1K2WB5CGjNJwo/ZeZZRfV2zLOWmg+zL9sKJsb5SbHaQPFE29odA80tDbJDhD9S0vpCHz/on28WsC4wEz9idkP+FV9Ce8F4QHfFVTD6QhozQEW27xysD/6fgB0pBpBW656v42LqKjkIaM0nC/9oUgDV/WfpJj0kC70PC0gjeGFy9e3KvdR/4c0c4bZDYoWJCGC5CGLKUGOdLAXn9CD2nIVyAN7PUndJYGwRogDVlW4EBcGqogDYTS0JV70pBHXRp4ZaislCUNMW9gwBoMlAaXhdoTKvsTctoT7PUn9JQGOe0J9koNaE8wWGnYgfaE5dsTtKXhYe2Hgl/d7JD9MNFGG2RZAwYhGZaGpDXEBiGPEA1CstefkP+EV96fkDMIaW1piA1CzmAQknQQsgODkJYdhKQsDTt3dlyPJnWv9r6Cx4km2mAWaXANWmXLper+BPmWSwb7E7pIQ6LUQL7lksH+hAFbLpux5RJbLrHl8v/s3d9rHNcVB/A8NGtyjQkYDO0E/1i3S8CEbJ2CBR73SSCzO0VrwUprpqAEafGDkLpeNtiW10UgjIotxVULkR9sWX0wwQ+CJhAwAhtCwIW4SgstpDRPBdcYQx8KfqiRiens7pjWsjQ7O3PvnXPufO+fcNk985nznXNvMBqkmyFza/L4772dupfJRFJDLlE14HAnPWiIOz8xNzhxOtThTgTzCa1o6BzuFLKRTK3VgMOdqB7utI7DncIc7rTPzMOdsnLJ0PbVFyOT91YzEZcCNvQQUCSLhh+/xnfpQIMZ909EqPC67p9IMxrebOUSSzhGGsdI4xhpjWh40arcm4m1klQD7p6gjAYz7p/QgwbS90/g7gmgAWgAGqKVD2pqABp0oeEGcTSoyyfMQsPrCi+tAhqABqDBZDRIM4MKNoRVA9CgCQ0RP2owIZ+IgoZ05hNAA9AANBiMBplmSE4NQANpNET8qOExdzToajVkaeUTQAPQADSYiwa5ZlChBqCBFhqo5xN796YPDcTyCaABaAAaDEZDJmOCGoAGXWiI1mp4g3o+cfiwGjSkMp8AGoAGoMFYNOSko0G6GkIFFEADbTTsMSCfiFThKecTQAPQADSkCQ1Zmo2GhNQANOhDww1tHzXQyicoo4FWPgE0AA1Ag6nHSOdUoCEJNQAN2tBg6PxE93wiGhr2G4WGDNAANAAN6UZDJmOGGoAG4mgwYH4iWoVPYz4BNAANQANFNGTpoiEj/5Qnpmi4e3nOPDQomZ+Ym50jnk9QQcPN8TXi+QQRNCw9f/YEaAjzozowO3sQaAiDhn2r/7uSgh8aZLQawqYTR1dXE1dDliEarp7ICzF6wTA0qJifuDwlhBgbJ51PRESD3Hzig5VRb6embpLOJ2igYeOcEPaJp0BD1x/V/JAQhdOHgIZu/4mHI463Uy9uv+SIhqymRsPRPluIxXuJBhTd1EASDVeHnIZbrYhBoKFLq2H2iFN0i5X8AuV8ImKFl9tqGBSVqlt0Cjcp5xMk0DAv6lW3YQ88ARq6/KbWRanqNu3Rg0BD8H/i4XXRdN2SuMMWDTs0oeHoot10q3UxQlkNJNFw0qlZ3ioVdhqGBunzE6OVsrdR5coA5XyCAhoOFuqtn1TZmaKcT1BAw9N8s7VTNXsdaAj+TY2LYmunXHEWaAj+S3wrqq2dKoov+KIhqwUNI7bb2qmGuJVsQBGoBopouJtvWO26JabNQoP0+YnLnT+jV7fGCecTUdEgM58YFO0/o1e31gjnExTQMGyX2zvVLCwBDYG/qZNOe6Osej/QEPyXOFfp7JRzhy0a4qshVM0olNobVbYnE241BLGBIhqW/QJvORNAQ2Cr4ZLoFHhLTBPOJ6JWeJmthmHb8iG6QDifoICGE36Br4qnQEMgGsbqnZ1qHAEagv8ShWZnp0qLfNEQWw1hasa+TvPKsip3Ev4WMkgNFNFw1d+5sn3WNDRInp9Y8HlVE5cI5xMU0DDj86oqZmXkEzk1+QQFNKz7788N8QRoCETDlM+r5hDQEPxMXCz5PZlzjNGgRQ12w39f7ssk3mrYlg0kv2kYrfhla84wNMien9g5VPJbyXcJz09ERoPEfGLNj7zq5yif70QBDc98sjtT+KYhGA3THbKX7dNAQ/A/YiRf67zb3OOMhh0a0NDnlDvvNrczybcaWmrIckHDgqjXrHJDXHkNaAhuNcyIprdTTTFP+XynyBVe5qVVp0WjbNVKYpDy+U4kpiem7KK3U/X8M6Chy8e1/XbVstzKqxM5QMOmmYCC4/mq6iweZY2GmL2GMDVj1a64Vrlon0v+iKft2UDznIZLBeHY4sou89Age37irC0ckR8mff+ETjRsW+IPrOfzjjgyI+koaTX5BAk0PPm5sB1RWME5Dd1GLtfGhG2LgXGc09Dtkbi62NqpxVsZ3miIp4ZQNeN2+9F3/SgVNGzFBqInQu4aHD5L/EjISGiQf//ExZmJmau075+Ijgap5zutzU/MHKJ9/wSREyGfT5zeWHpzCWjoeiLk+MTESshjplONhr2Z2yMjtxmfCClHDWGKxMMvRs6vRigu6tTwChtw9wQDNDC/fyJ6hZeZT3C4f4LQ3RNLOEYad0/g7onNaIilhpyq2ycUo2EzG4AGzWhQcv8E7fuxtaJB11WXkfIJXFgFNAANrNHgqSGrttVAUg0tNmSBhmTQoOL+Cer3YxuJBiWtBqABaAAaaKMhVrOBbavhpXYD0MABDXtY5xMxKryufAJoABqABqAhFBpiNBuUBhQ51Wp40W4AGnSj4Ya2jxqo5BN60cA5nwAagAaggTwaYjQb1KrhdfWrxQagQTMa5M9PkM8nzESDilYD0AA0AA0M0BC92aBSDTkdavDc8FOggQMaWM9PxKnw6congAagAWjggIbobODeavAW0KAdDambn9CMBsb5BNAANAANPNAQOaPg32oAGnSjIX3zE4aiQUGrAWgAGoAGLmiIyoYc91YD0MADDZznJ2JV+FTlE0AD0AA08EFDRDao+65BT6sBaNCPhrTNT+hGA998AmgAGoAGTmiI9mmDQjUADUaiIXXzE6ai4XXpl1YBDUAD0MAKDdHYwFsNQAMTNDCen4iHhjTlE0AD0AA0MENDJDYoU4OOgAJoYIIGxvMT8Sq8plZDlkI+ATQADUADOzREKR/q1AA0mIiGH1AfupScT7BAA4l8AmgAGoAGjmjonQ2M1QA0cEHDHuofNXxfERpSlE8ADUAD0MATDb2nFIrYoD6gABrMRsOux9zRQDqfABqABqABaIjGBq5qABoSQIOp+QRrNFDIJ4AGoAFo4IuGXtnAVA1AAxs0fMY1n4iLhv1GoSEDNAANQIOhaKDBBsVqABrYoIFtPhG3wqcnnwAagAaggTcaemQDRzUADUmgIV35BBM0EMgngAagAWjgjobe2MBQDUADHzRwnZ+IjYbU5BNAA9AANPBHQ299SyVsUKkGoMF0NCSfT8Su8KnJJ4AGoAFoMAINvZQTbmoAGhJBQ6ryCS5oSD6fABqABqDBEDT0kFIwiyiABkZoYDo/ER8NackngAagAWgwBg3h2cBLDUADIzQwzSfiV/i05BNAA9AANBiEhoTZkFPDBqAhGTSkKZ9gg4bE8wmgAWgAGoxCQ+hXEVXNhhzQkG408JyfkICGlOQTQAPQADQYhoawbOBzPCTQYD4aks4nJFR4XZdWZYEGoAFoABqkoiFkYVF176V0NgANSaEhPflEMmjQ1WrIScwngAagAWgwEA3hPm1Qp4Yc0GACGqK1Gt7gmE/IQEM68gmgAWgAGkxEQzg2qFKDZDYADazQEPGjhsfc0ZCSfAJoABqABjPREKq4KFODVDcADYmh4Ya2kxoiftSwlzcaSOcTQAPQADSkCw1h2KBQDfLYADQkhYaIQ5fU84nDh9OGBomtBqABaAAaCKPhwKYlP6NQqQZZbAAaeKHhM4b5hJQKryufABqABqABaHgZDS+Q8EqF6RkP3dWQUbpkuAFoSA4N1OcnZOUTSaGBXz4BNAANWh6F//mNzJVtrVz49QtOaNgKC29siQc5zYacYjW02JADGpiiwdD5iVfzCdPRIK/VADQADVoehW9/T+b64f7etokVGnrpbIaTQ9JqiN1uABqYoYHh/IScCp+GfAJoABqABlJoeKfXkhOi6HRTQ0bDiuMGoCFBNKRkfiIxNLDLJ4AGoAFo4IyGkHAIZoMWNcRwA9CQHBrSMj9hPBqktRqABqABaOCOhjBuCFRDTpMaon7eADRwQwO/+QlJFT4F+QTQADQADQagoeOG6GrIaFtR3MALDcszM8smoUHd/MT42ZllKvlEcmgIUckOrMzPrFHJJ0ijYWljeOMJ0BBiHZqeHzwINIRAw6eTfed3m4mGbu2GIDVsUU9u3bt3m4obOKHh4ifCW2NXjUGDsvmJ5X6RF+JXF2nkE5TRsDAgbJFfP6i/1bDVpVWU0bBR8HbKnlgCGrqt+SPeThWmgYZuaNh9vFXQnfOGoqFLuyFQDZuKxb47rZ1aXKXRb2CEhvf7naplVZ2BnelGQ/dWw9yQt1Ploj32Pol8QhYaFOQT43bFtcoNcYJGPkEYDRuiXrNqTTEBNHQzgyh5O1US00BDFzRcF42y5VbEb41FQyAbAtSwuZ5ct4tlq1pxbpHIKRihYVrULG/VxIw5aFAzP3HaLrd2qioukMgnZFV4Ba2GKae9U0UxG/PSqpzpaDhXaW2U1bSfAA3B2USh1N6p+sABoCEQDd+KRnunnEWD0RDMhpBquC2qrY0q230kvm9ghIaxutX5N44agwZF8xNDzc5OVU6QyCfoouEnftkq2xMk8gm6aHjWKVse2TeAhsA12Hm3sVyxADQEoqGv827jkf1Tk9EQxIZsuHrS51g+2UmMYTJCQ3/J37mBlKOha6sh3/B59QmJ+QlpaJCdT3xw038UWpV1EvkEXTSs+I9Cyx4GGgLXjLB8Xq0ADYFoOO4/Cl3xsdlo2L4MbdvVfLl1ecd/Xy6KhxSOb2CEhqmKX+DHDEKDkvmJAZ9XzkkS8xPSKrz0VsNB+0WnYXgHhXyCLhqeiyI6DaHWinCtTjg4CzQEomHSh2hDvGs6GrZlw/Zq+P9KMWl3CnqpQGIMMyYalmcv79L1lL7QeS10xSBHNDx49EDb/MR83u24dJzE+U69VfgbX93/+i1d+cRJp123mvm1HRTyid7Q8Pl3332l7ZuG0c7XH/XCEkM0vHf//h91oeHAUPu1sFzp5/gh5L8ePXpbExp2v5tvv9yUnescv2n4x5dfviMho9hODS/Vk9VOjFqzRzQe36AIDcsTvzx27MqCpqf0h1P5pus27bEP+aHhwUdnzpz56JGm+YmL/Xaj5pbESRrnO239b/x8y2r91v1rp04d++vX8vKJwPJ1c8gp1ty6GKZxvlNPaPjTsVOnTv3la01oeHbE26lqfVOjgQUabvzB26lj37ynaXpiRVSqtWrFXuCHhrd/7ZWpU3/+t6bpiUlRd2tFx/6YHxr++Y336Ls2+KP4zYZt1PBy63JSlNxaw148qvXUJxVomLv2u7//7G//Ze/8Y5pI0zi+LhvDIf7Tf8wGbl01t4eXDacQb3hN3eveQqo5w/X+6IRmEklsMjsh5dLkLrBOaEiIkUCpkGkqIAjLLxG0tBsljRHbooXjV0viD5YFL4tywmqoiJddjSi5d6aI/JgObxc6DpaH/6BpypOZ5/30+zzzfUoNeSId09uzjsTE/EmfufF8GsbJusNph+vISZGenyjP+GNMzBF1pjT2T4QCDU55fdSBZ3UGr0hSQ2N2TEzM3/ND3HkvBWjoJiujOtvMBq9IPg2zx2Cmvnm58cyd4obI1k6YqdtJ4kDDp7VfwUwdK9l4Pg1PTTk/p6VV5kzHiwINsi26I6z7gDSYISRoaLltevbv71vl+TsXYt2pYXGleEj/FWaq48JWMSMoNqwFGnJNfzkKo7VKtJGHbVqtZBytQ4EGU11aAvypM4m2f6K8RLtNKvsnQoCGJEPlATZMQ6L5O12t1X76jqykV/QnQoAGrxyehJ2dCeZu0Wyk52pnz2xAR8he8hl7SUWRTtFspAtqGzeijXRDzuM0GD/nTIrkCBkrY2j7ltiNBQ0sIZwwf89eU21y7yIZFAEdeLFhF0o9eehwXNj6260iBz82rAEarhv+wzLD0a/l2g8iMEKAhimyjWWGhMM545G4fyJI3drDU6z7yIQDgbuxX5z+hLT2T4QADT5zJxeVhj2buycEoaHbxF1SB+pvb+6eEIaG6bo0Li6WirZ7InaLVFykkaCBA4Po6Lj57zYHzL4VFUqYHNCp4XdbJRF82LAGaCg3/MBBw1FT3iY0CELDeM6HEBkS0tJyJsXcPyGV/dghQIPTHLgZ98q9okkNoS+8lwI0dNcFoKFNfmUTGgShYejbwDXVatiEBmFoMNcHoKF+enNhFQ80BICBm5KRtwWuqbpu3q82AtzARw27pEwNPNiwFqWhKiSlYd+5vJLyyFUaEoIoDTxSw6teZ1/SmvdPSGc/dkhKQ9S80pCEAg0PbhTlfb6BpYY33MGVAAAgAElEQVTl/YlQlAbyjdKAxAtXnL7XVyJUaZgH0fpbKLgQl+R09tZsKg2rR/xUQ8NkfMRAwwIxsBdJVUBp6DQ7g1nKLOaGHWNFRWM7hKhBytCwcrZhLTMN+YGZhtIqlNHEU3oCACI3MxKh4ePp+ZmGaZSHLr1VHuDJ9r1af6nhHfUngtUtHmqoqaoP3IxDKP5OJRkAAFXRjvemPxECNFyRV7LMEIU20+DL9ng8hr6IhAZv4GvhXqSZhppuNlNVNyISGhpyDqPPNDwtPd7RcUw+HhHQsJgY2PCZuTZqq7xfwIruTa1qyWKPvqyWEKlBMtCwQmxYCzSUnzY9+/qHUgOK0HByAJ9JTfUD9b5IhIZxsq7ti7Y6chzB36m/EPdbrRaPb/2HGt5RfyIEaIjrk3/7LCHo0xNLpYYbBG3VWBlQ9N70J0J5esJH1n8R1WauQulOOI/TDocfz74RidBQ001WfhjVar5VgwAN3R7GavXjhWORCA1Pp3MqHz+uzylFeHoifrqDdru7POTU+w8Ny5EhOjrptrktYW896RN2sOWq1QM98Gs0fqB/EPyK4qs3qH5x+1dEuLFhTT4N5UaD3KAvQDlii4AmFcYMcU68Y31fcXp6wb+kAA0fj0+TOeT0OIqVtBrAk1BjtWQnre35iVCg4dHNe/dmH4WrPxECNERH992Wk/JbXoRm8w49rtFomjSM6oF4UsOh+xMTZ8PWnwjJp8FpYN0HUJjhSiHtsMIf/PRO8aDhwogOH5GGT4OPzVQ3yhOX/dkWKxvAKCI02HEdbZcCNHz0dJBE9WmYPNbldve43R2D4kGDbARmKlFsaFiJDOyFMiQnySpn3GrG9zAzebCgw7CCPIFL6tdKDSwjrPhP4O/ah0ccn4SLGtboCFl+7hyadDDApHKBn0A770+dMOYLHPjXi4tXbXSU6wkcJ/SnpOEIOTU+hbR/4nkhLFssNQAnktSQWZyvzi8IjhCnCoq3rdafmL2M6XSgZy5M/YmgdYuXGuK8vf1I+yfGCL8mcDfeQIKG3SXGrPwCAcsGbcHuVaDhs/sENoxhPYfCJDWE5gi5p/c12hDk6+N+h/Wu1eHPHkOChv/VqrNevgj65zNzs3NnVoMGt1KppCidNBwha3p70UwanB6OGayWws+RoCEZZir9anCb8gJt46rQoKMoJVWNyyQADfHxv58cR7N2GuxgkaHHrZOjQcPVdLW6NjkoNMgYZlVuSgxkihYXGviQgRMber0I0hXEBjXOlSkNrv4NEjX8NNHTc/9O0Hpy8NKlg4uQgReuEjGK+idFtYeJGsTaPaGyz0MD2l7rdALQOJF1PcgHylcBIiNdWETI1OPW1FQrPnBdEtCAun/iebYdEgPkBmFoeDPUsC2XwGGmjNeDIIORgJkqEpYa5ojhWJcrUXf5UXj6E6FBA/JcezFhZYUGjWYRwgsMLCdnAZzWEflBilsj23gcKBHuT9wEwz+mpOzHeiQBDcjh9HBCg9UBilGg4cUAl6mXQV4xOwBgpmaFocGtrHiiUNjCRQ3h2j3hAwFo8BMtKNDQmAEzBYiSYN6QA2wvu1EYGnDKpmAzRUsAGgLkgAQNpZibC+J8PAo0aFWwoANVAT80yPBqiqKwVbBBR1UoFNeaKUbMTLXsDDYxGx2HVrD0dKBMMXoh9XOh4NwD2PAwdvkn/nrycASDNN51MNie3EA6sflMta9rq2IBG8SChiyaY4YmUISiM2gJiwVTYh3qIM6QwK7RWEC+oMhREmiIwCNF4tCwRGr47pWK4YQGq6cP5fmJdGBn2Ezl81s8DcBMWRmQLggN97AUlyvF9aPnZnj6E2GChpZCOwvwTX6iGGWowQjstBJmqpa//Kt0ia4ZmqgVkho+6xlOYWM/OLtuS6v2iwANvefdkBjuwu/PzxGg4cyAzj4MK5Nnlp8ZCDzRlYgTs4LQoLM9ecKehdWJGwoa+iBeXYLQwGQ8QICG5AzcroOZAo38zEDQM5DFVY0C0BCbWM0yg0LRrJRJBBo+QlUa3D2s0mBCURoaVbSFzRSRzAcNsTrKdk1RQSmFWg8yO3sSspnCxMzU2q+pIcAJDU0gV7BnuuvN95L29malspq4w1dPHtLKitEnFUr8EwFmiGXmM0XpuFbFulPDukDDdm160SqzCiVghj3CLSqUpy736XFMaauwUd+c438vK/te/uXzESe12kXvbgxgSiqTJSFo+KVhsGFKuD/h88ywzECrniNYNZxU0Rhlq2imvirng4Z0oGmCYSFOLYGGR3M3b754ywSXaZYZXK7hifD0J4JDgwA19Dt9zn7h/oQx0CzE9TsQoOEqAZEBZqrs+G6+qmbUfckGo9q97B6+f/9tL+IO+AcHDSnYRHikhl8FDV5ft3OV11SBgNCgRhmEnAV0dbPN1lxG8CMF7nJ96XLhA2eWQMNBh9txcIEZLikVHDQoKFo60BDn9fn6hF+TVIizQoMDnECZaahlM1VhU5bp+f76BxXDXVM641JokDE08/bYY6hrXIG/RlmkAw3xk4ODk8JtiqnzOCs0dB1rQIGGEwCnYKaoslw+aLBzYgtMAb7sszO05W2maIpLFISLROlAQ02fz9cr3KboPW9hy5SfKBD0a5iXGnowjIJ3H1V2j6+eXFK2/xnGqNKxlBlgpkZkiySZQKZs1bL5EYf1pYb1gIbi03KTyaAWbANsNwLLjJ8mUISGD04SmFIxOjqq+NtpAdVi2XzEtlwVAKrchU+hnp+iYPTSgYZJMufiRbL0F8GhhtMexm/Hs/tQTCGLAdYMEzV6rczIwwyZGUwTF6BosdQw1wMwjJhYUB0IxsVJDfhdkaEhuNQQ55SbTWa5L05IavhvBrD47TpVMYrne61HyWWqoiydZ11AMmHnCvwMKFl8D5+9jGEYWCCEQ2B/ABqGpQMNe7rl5jpS7hOWGrJBl7vLUzWGAg0vsWobe/PZyvikhjmQ6GKpQQbmFkOD4//MnX9ME2kax/WyRq8Ht0n/2I3lbi+LORcvpicYMsy2q2xOMyoGuheYYidxEzW9hgwCwdBSjpgQs0QL2oNUBxlFAW/cg7NN3GbPwPLjBAMLaFZ+pIIXz+yqy8WCP8LGxWT3Zt6ZlimdmQ7lVWn8S1DIN/O+83mf93m+X65qivQsQMPUioOGtAn2mbJWfq1caihEJ4N1fSc3q4EGF0JTnFKMY6vEV2vQbvBM+fjjtQANWidms9mwujBBCBt8xyuquscDDY9n2W2qrP5bRa5o2Y/296Ods0/UQMMwYuOUmirdnywBDXjkSy7izgILsVQCHoYG34qBhpFRa229dXQoxkSOMxh0okffVXZ5AtDwPsrwFFnRJ7Wf9DPbwceLi5hBqyUjb3dIZpGe0EYqeGqAAA2fNV74y969d2qVpykTj+cTRIE6w+kzBFiMU1NMnxSJDHt4HHC6xP9/Hhq8dCmIFoSiusvRJXVRvA5o+NbavCll51zZLeVWyJvVhYW3/63KFPJEny0TKGWrluiF/MoU5KEBLxdBw4urpK87ow4ZD1HDeKCbY4YM5C7c+YllQEOXtaE3vfeK1EiTaH7iO7uJqHb9V5UpZFMnr1SmbViqfEo8BRv8x6j4fuJ7IpCacc+/UFe46gfMcA+5vwba/cQyoeGG9Upvb0qDtUuZGm4X/r1wIk2VT8M8bQOPVIfNJVmHAIWG7m70pQga2jEmc2bKi4Wo4TJGAWigbJ6VAg1JE/XP0tNTmo0jyufC24WF1Tc+VzV846IZXikpEF3bhPKP1FOiVQQNThvTIb6YnxRKya/3VagIDU9q2+Z27vzfRW6aUh4aftNSe+AAP2mhAhoAh7LI7qiRgIbQS46i9ZHNHh2ZFENPLqrJeOkVU2lIa7y4KT19U22j8pPX1VhInIyyk1lMDeCYMobyVZdMC31WAhpwLw8NFCKqM2hJ7t+IbndCNRkGi5iogEYNEKChvBYYQ94xnohxiXFGrSHkkWo3+4DNsIedvnNqKw0H+TuLf6IhLvmM8EheYrxBaOA9nlLmrB8o+zt9PpSmMn/izAF+g8/0hm8gIioNHsAM+8SVhul5roWhu9uHvhTmLZtQH/cXdehPr8bfSQEaZKhB8HhKb6hMUzaF3PzdZpVO0q1/EjZ4hpDY3kKVhm60RgQN4whgBD/6fahJCQGlhgAx9mqsGpYODYLHU2/zaKyxy5EvVNpINzlYpVjAophhyUqDlqOGj/URlQaSmZnZPrPdi4RuKPqxqRn+pn6lQMOI8Rnv/DsRa+xyKE2ljXS2W3gVYi5JaJCoNGgxJvJiXovY+EIDslIaId96xHs87Sy7FcsS8vETlTbSLjclKFWuttLgE5o9uIv51SLpoi4x3hw0JHVZe7lHKiWWb9j5oaHz0dbSUdQAziVuFo2mOC3uS+wnC5UG0bbhCbUw4KHhCZrhOdS5aBATBjXAgYbGfwgRFNnQXsh2NzgVUn7JN75kT4MdF8oP4ebJvxJ4MOgksle9TmjYq9TQYJ0DuVU7y1piOUn/TW3+xMkcXqkAcUa+p8EnIoppoYUhY6GFYfohins8AXT+ndcNDXKlhhHjtnR+NQ7GspJ+95cqM2kLQaUhkwqYpHa1vFBPwx8WlvAY6hdaGO6GmhoGkEDq4QB6fc1KgYYuawqAhl3WEVjZE6c7SwFdUYFhmZ4GrtIQ0dPQjvlZZpiZmcK+DJUaSNCURHtWDDTcFNyk5RzK48ie2Org7wYp0qW2pyF0XKZsoQO0D7NxSmG+FQMNp9qECIp6aNkTVTxesUplq+1pcIZJInSA9tCgfQvRrxRoWHebP9ukX5hQ08L9u1gGMhw1PHQDAtBRiBQ0hHsaAqmro1sYsIVGGQwopY3yb4BCDcuHhi1CBMXeC+XQXsjH9jNURwflr8tPVJiesIvvQwqiWxiq8kymgrgTOM8VV+fXbIEJDR+AsEv2T1sLlHxscD/hYJWiKD9eLDM9EYyYnuCggW9h6Ba3MMwPoMTAy3itpNvJTrIdKjQMCmGX6davoYVWNTm8QCnJDX5tqwkPRkxPsEs43MJAhu8nxu5eRdHxs7KmkMrU8KAHocl2yNDAR1Bssg5CC6xyub3s4qMOk/My0xPabm3k9ARoYeCwIXw/8d7lScRGk/G6O+lx2oFMwoUGIezyGTxoWFts47YpyoM2yU5PBHHx9ISohcETngogaVapeN+EetLhUHqNxgMNQgRFgxVeYJUppFSV1MilxPREdAuDNsHDKoXhcSql1SMOB6mHWmkYbUgX6nwbwGeJ1CBRatg41lnKKlVEgfLm76WmJ2Zm/BguklAb1cKwWutBWKWcWinbJxVccBmnOycfyF9QQKg0FJwScqsgzjaWdwb8fp9PZkCT82lATdkRQHEU37EvGNy3A7eL8SL+qIsCTVZJlubAVzArDcZmUGnYFhV2GRc08NSQB5TyEAelfRryCBTNP/6pGBoG8O4Eny+jmxS1MEy/mH5HKZlCARp+7gRKdf4sSw1K0CC9zoaEFLlnUhfQcUJD8jDCIoPPSUj7O7Vy2Sj54s3//THCn3EvNTXjXrjSwHUqfTQWr5X0hw5WKYOGlKeGpUPDoHUXn1ulJuxSJTQ8Jzil9LjphVqfhsuYfybTnymqNHCf+KctPbs1Zk4pmNAQSl1vbkyCBg2trFL+w3pyOFl6uiIfRYniCJ8GbhqOoqiIFoYErT7uIcI6g8Zs1hicMKHhVhkPDRdn4UHDwb4A5U/VkwWqfRqcNpYjqI7IFoZlKOXklaqDBw0bNky09faChC/+IicWOaihhjV3MS8L7IeRcclDyIN+3qchddHtDqeUuIVhtV5GKRXY0K8xlJg17suy1AABGg4a7/C5VRBdlI5wnkUoUS530j924sSi3+kEQWI0jeFoFZRf4KimNFenO2QoXCI0bPuXAjW0lO0CuVW16+FBw7ECoNRxeUfIqkjjp+l5JMAuUSyARpQWpuMNrSI1e3Q63R4NGQ80yJUaJkAgTG/t7SQ4+djc6rw2jOK4vBPP2taaquTIFfwQQbj+bQT9CEr+BG04pNPllmr6IULDr0dBRPYv6icgRmP/dJVTyvRSvSMkbmNsFZxUH0LJntidZWGVytE44UFD0vlKEJG9TVVuldqUyxoTp9Rwq6wjZM1iR0jMZsvJYaWC0sKg1RvMRaxSJX/0QISGx9Zm9blValMumwhOqeJr0o6Q2ihHyAQ9zSmVYwv3NCxPKY+mhN3Qi8wGPRxo4PDgrUdlDaAkUyYaNFHihljUAHohHwJ3p4Exmf2Ed4RMjTCwAM8UE9HCkCArRQxq+G2PJodVypLllq01QICGI3bjqWf/uVB5cBXMz7lye/ZSHKATC91MZibjLkyE8dO3fJKj04F34TmI0PDDbFnzXEObRG5V/PcTiZ9WHWWVWkL+xIvOHG9HB+M2TcOIuvzRUAqUqjD8CBEahkbrG6401DcOrVsHrdSwNrnG7lLw/I12dr3uYJWi9rgH1IdWKVBDO6Arna5k9wOI0DBYySllHf0CIjS8/bzJlZf9XP7rpxdnT/S4KywdRaXmfiiBVbjGApQyu2FOTwwaa69cabaqyq1SHY29NdvlakpeQvYEaa6w5FoqzHAMIBFNESdUroGGOXLZUtbWMHdRVW6VamhYey3bZa9JVsieWHwyRsylRbmWHDcc/wrakMspVaRBYEADRwx8UebiHKvUoo5ReW6IpgaJXsizDwfGryscQh4s8nXS0uY9RbmHStxq22KUscFhBovPoumRg4ZvIPg0/LmmuLLR/gqGFLYs4Xur0Do/RVF1nabi48sPqTonbFu5BjtEaFj/Q0ut1Xrr8Xo40BBf1OX0POKnvBQVoImr89PLhoYefttiV+OXcqUGRWiQXl1JaTcrjZU3htbBhIYlh1aNLyh1f/mlBie/bekOadrlSg3xmDuN3DAaK2+qso1UDQ1vnz69tMAqnKG8FgvFOBCyffnQQGfpBGTXwzR3GpkwGhu71DCDemhYamCVFmNYoSxem5tGILQ+ukt4pSqyoJo7PZq1Wmtb1DLDqwms0tMLSkFofcyq4JUqcS8fGkLIwPEVq9Tso2il5LBhMTVIlRrWrNm4McYhJGJQ22NjLKxU3hyH2tYYJWp4Tzjb6LIQuW/5BoqN9JZfJa56wx87vuPS06dPD5UY/k/dGcZEkZ5xXHP0Ql/RD5QmdcH2Uj/YXBpHMN2tzHolblwzM8Fxw8qYBb2EDhtx5dZlqoGdgpwYRRHYSIhyrBynd9RTU2y02EZEr1U4JEqyKLanhrSWGhujxCaNOT3T931ntrLsDOzyzhx2PpmYbPSfmXd+8zz/5/9wwHWQ9NcOqtBgoRuShIaf/GGGTMhENl0mVWpI9joXvPzzsbFsVuA4UPmKHBqUV6EbXJkNNOiVGjJTO3I6EjnSk+hPJHutXvV7KNTYBywHlepdTQoNhbRFRXhDoWHpoqWJBk0nDg1JbrlEnoa7eXePShxHg95cYmgQTIGGVHhPJbYvwDxoQNMTFy/mdctIKfI85JBSELVItMEx0hMTWYlHSpsCDWh6AirlkeGBTpG3KNSCqIUnh4bXyIDmTvWU0sGGmaghsfMkO9ZGipS6KPJQKTpIWmzIjUKDYDI0oPbA+i5H+a9XzBk04OmJz0SRlS0egTlC+GsLrJJ6wB8yGBogNgz3OL0PjetPJHsVtV6+fHmMFSXW4uGcjwip4aR6j7HgpJHQoDQpIg5H9eCclRr+iKcnsllRFi0i3Uvan7iigqhM5xoJDUqTYsThaB+cM2i4sO7uk188uch6eI+bBTZCaIgW3S08Y/zuicF2hyMyNFfQkKYMEnZDpfxuCdjIi+7qAR8yGBrQR7TX2dO8bM6gQZme8LAi73bzgDSbIS0kqKXjdYTQEIMMasxVj7NHY5+4NjbEUYP23qrEoUGdnhChUhZ/ABwmpQaGV0vH1/S5whhouLQFlBaUAS1HwZ6G9qaqI2ZDA1418QHrliR0Z2wk/bkmGp3wbsG5wmhoeOyifAX5wB4PDS+vR6pH+nLMpgZUabh8lHXLLLoz7pGWGsIcOuH9XFg3qmF6aNCnhusMVip+BvpHfz8QaY8c+KnJ0PAuzmnoFt28iJoKfyMsNYwzAirKeGib7hEwW2i4SVl9BVZKI0v6/M12+0jfUpOhAeU0PHkiQqXgUyOBk4SVhuV0QOnj2AyHhlGQX+CjrBqTvEM326sj1zO/hUpDXh7r8fPwqeFp0rp7K5AVYg8aDQ1ZdqyUSyNL+kFzi7d5cknetEpD3kXW70G2PCFEWpQJKh83Mmglg4Y4ZkiZ6AFlBaXAqZGf+c1odXX/jempYValhrhKQ95R1i/Ce8HNhUmNDUEg4j7O1G8b46Fhv7UuIyOjgopf9FBl77x/qrH9mMnQgBMhu0U/OrYsfCXpz11yUDwrc8zBeUlDwwzU4MyvgUrtBMNToeHlqL3zFDL/mQwNB1AipOjxoGPLIlwlhYZchpZZmWZyZwcN+qWGHKa0PiOjdjOIs7t/HrE332+2Rz43uT+BEiHH4MOIji0Ld44QGpZcoDmZ5alQrtHQMEj5aqFSPiqu1nCj3Xu87bg3ct5caMCJkHmsn5Vxo+oa6fREIeAkNgAqjd5ymXkdbIZK1ZcyOXHLrKpb2k51evs7TPY0oLC+o8q3jcUDSO2QaTYgSKwA9FdkzhIasoZBMTymavJdWXHLrLynj7ed3jWcZS404ETIbuXbBvLjV6TjE2EgsJIAtpONXMYzQ0ojVQGVqrP2xK/n2HW6ra3Ffj0Zakis1DDF03A0L88jumX0spdAOiE1jIdBgJU4XR+kYdCwD+zMQNdm66W4gcxnOPmp6X1iLlhxaFPJJr0ZjYUbV5397DesjNsKsos88LHBCZimffOShoYZSg0nwIdYKZ8rFho6vt/X8mxgYOBnjSO/I4aGBev3lzTt0fnLvWj3BMvymLwDvcRWyNxCBjCF4z8wGhr6qRqsVFlJ3N+03FmzZs2dxgbyUsO7u8tLduhNzH1U+JfsMYnlMXkLRaT9iSVnbDRggrlvGw0N7dZaJFSttT1uILMFBUa+5+0nh4Z/b7x6ddtzHWhAuyfyoFK4AUMHSaEh/XCYAsx241djd5XhW6qGGo0LLu9EicDP1IFMImj4dFtJV8NKnekJtHviqCRhpdzEVff5acEQAKHCdKNXY2c5fVipOnAibiDzE2XM8CE5NLSuC+nnLaHdE91QKT/GK+IZivRCpFSQLNxJgxmWWTdjpXaCqUWZB7uOr12LIlSGZqCG6UoN6nlywVbZe+X11FXs9ATaPeGRZNmt+IDmk1LDtRCge8+8bTY0VIFa5WlEHoCF6/d37YhWFjZ2qtFPxBOZC8txitB+Hc8lSnwKcSy25Qld5g9vzBIanuZjoTIqwGNsb+h5qgxTdLxsbxtA0PBX+42EoeG72tRwxAEEqNQOHWp4dXuVTeAUKwJ9jhgaZoySngEa9KihvFRRqpjKRPaGrq5R9eHLsd9fg6771f8ghIZ3PnXhFKEG7cPtHbTlkhNExeh5m3h+Ygkel9L4bsgmgwZngaJUgRPbG0q6+s9PiX6qPk8KDR8zIBCg6a+1oeGHF7av28oJHsUH9BUxNJiyGhte1mJFqdIubG8oKb/ZEY1+ekuJfhrJJIWGKooOBABzSBsa0oLrtoa4gEfpKhgxTpiebvhqbIgGoEJRKr8RfTJ7e7zqMAX8fFain043E0ODDacIMa06/63CMFRK9itGT/IBivRZKZUzAzOknAB1WKhaCgoygZSKdm6UOO4vvmi5Ob0pa+ZSw7gNvvoEMKlGGQMNaMtlgJPwq4/nEldE39cwPm2UgwnQsM8JSn1WoIwd/Mq4kOkmlI1jETU6IOp1ZP02pXElggPzTL/0oeF700FD9SRoeMBQUCkKNyo6cuzPIDJAbGjpI+1PlGBDhgR26wxdPnrxzw1K40oCL+YaGlISgYY+K+UrjbaiB713BhA0DNj/RNif+LETGTLcMvhYZ+jyO3++fVXxL/L0agPynWbYP2EANIwCq68UuAZjQqbfU0KmCaDhuRUZMtwB6pU2NEBsuFZJ+7EPiMn9f4CGzBGQ7ysDjqGYkGl1MwUBNPyS4nGKELNSExrQcuztHHa3uLnQfNMvYmiwp0zswkr1TMSETE/aTDFLaCgE6NvYzzE67/K05YXbFXeLnw7PlVKx0KA1njoJGpb1gDJfPvAq1NB4XFVqJDUpaogvNSiGDA8d1u5PwH97oU1xt3iSMtfOcheFQdBwTG1PFFN7Vzjy63ArGr+4/7eZgnid1V5KgneP3y1ZdZInd7sAoEFAFHmwARcJjuxbMBfQMH2pIQqmBa7F/2HKajIy6gsAGqXoGELQgEoNSUCDdlLDHggEbqgU79RmigVfMkgpXhQD4EucBvnqxfOZoWHJtwwNo2p7onRL6g3KV49a0dYhBRrewtBwJylo0DrVqiAQIKWEEp2hyyIaKSWLrADw/olbH310iyDfySRoiLYn8qsX9YEC+OeaMtfSydCgrrMigIZttBsrxW3ShoYzvQAAipZElqPx/oncM2fePGjILFHaE/XUaGo/KIZK1eVvyYxdZ9VBCA0bOHRM+f1Ty1fRSsPhEFQKQKUkjsbf2Mtbz6a/cdCQ5Yq2J4ZTGqmd2K/mNRga0EADFErX2RHESnGsKNPMWVWpOYUGLWbIirYnKsDDlB7rh7hR8TQGGj6JLE1NokERX2oYRwMN8OFjXw9rZ8d2XhiklMDCV18Il2TOti43kRqMMkJ2YXtfnXXTvENq0750i/IqVxZn37GTZiccAH5R5nleAto7LnYA3uORaXjKO3cjZtizrahoQ9WlNw0aFrvK6vEjOLJ4WHkr1uZ7cakh0omh4Zk9GSekFhZspN0iFIqXwTEtZni/HMgeDw9fhqASzU48+vrcqlVF956bUmrIzp4ZGnSoIcdait6FxaAvVX0r1lMR3E3ilOQAACAASURBVH+ubsPQcKqadH5ig+BmkVA80Az1W+mgJY+Ileq9h9dVFdlsRfduGV5qiPYnZmuExKRQWwC+WaS+FesAdjHcsP9WWajTTupp6A0oSgVc2p4GhoNKBQAFQBitn8jFEfnBN67S0IftfbU+61Cm2rSvALh8NRi7OJsAGhjZLyGlpoKoCg2HaY71QAaFV7gVL5wKb91qO/ymQUNKMy411Je5JqJvxWLqsRIX+a+1k/YtzB4algMWKyXpGP6DQPgvdece01SWx3FMYMOeGfmjsibihD+GbNxsNtxhJrm1tmYgJbfT25TS3FKgtDWBW9LSYsGKPMqjyMbgjA9SUwczqJl1xMmOM+3GoZuJj5oMQ1wD6spqXJwNmZBoZhfEjVljZqPZ80JB78jjWuyehJi0CdGv957z+T3O9yfaeAMiLDzJKoY83ZWR1wcNUsUJuDRMN24ZjadP0dBZ0N+fN8Pjn7tO5C1CDS9PNfziNIAnGz762qSvT8BQ2RZQw5dPjX2wIsoXJnm8Ump4VdDwMcd4HS7gfCOtgebfmwA+sI92HPz7kSNH9tfJtWksAbyJ91tsQVAibccUIOmZso9xmqGmqm3my5iq4fzqQ8O6l1LDlJ4RoFKDGzbEaf7dwWJouKz54wfXrh05dFOuKWSZOmAS/X542kn2QpaQyoQI7jzBJg3fq9ryJ8PKSz8mqz6x2L71c6mGCywrODxgfGPmXP7dqyW55Np/fAWfKU3rL2VDQyAoWvzwtJOEhjrGRmo4P+DSBHKILCgYUt5IWn1ipVcuR4BRcBjBzawsQPPvHg3+4mbtV/+5du0PtRfkQoO2MRi0Wfx8uV4SGpS4MpFjUp/G1y23+HT9hYWn3NZUg4bM68DjEFjmQubYXP6dxSC68fqhD5BSmr/IhwZTACullYSGPgPpujJM4FgwX+eOnu1fODYgJaDhfi1SitHfTT8BSMavF2BMuH/oCyjUtU9rp+VBA/w/DJiQUXTA0CLZgmDAlQmLoS+GlZoYcPdDpQYirw8apHMy9+PA5fAy5un0g0yIIvtd2jKKlPri0CaJwGg5vZB/njv61Fap+kSMVCb86gGcsnozPIAmH7sHlkYNrxEa0t7o0pqdrWvT0g545or2v8dftJs9gtfIym5pOApxCmNBueSvOkCtZ8lty53t1bdOFhcXV6pKVh8aFkk1bJrlzHE0HDvupUV7Ag3HRoxYqcty/Z3aAemzEg37JDseqN8euW35451zQ2hU9qTyp2TVJ1YKDZlj45x5EAWCZgct2hNoODZudEGl9B/K9Xf6CJhIn1W55AUKOoDEosa3LbdeGkC+DZsLlN+mGjRkPe4wmzWPs7LyaKyT7SLQ8LUGKuViuTG50FChxr3ZOcG+B1KOkNRvz09uW37ucxfee/9eYdQdSzVoyLxcb+Y+GYPPFk2IZhuvE5uGQaMXKuV8Vy40VJOONItJ+7YENEQIsc/dtowMmJBvQ+GpgfwUg4b0t07EjdzsdPpTaAgRaEif4qBSHnaX3CuXCoMBPzWWxhaFZKLBRl3j8G3L8ICbKKVTpBY0QIy6CpVCNlgHmez50JB+1+NBSu2XTKcuvUDx6y3qctyr5y/3SUGDkpryBnG3qCLcR4aKL20m2kpSDa8MGuZlBMgz5uV2V2idZR9Xsw67fYcXyL49oSXdQ7x7VOrbeurCHmBQKcMMDAExBqkhUrEz1aDh2UUKtpds8PETg1z84BhnREq52GWUJyTvT2zTo4FuOX5eVyYFDVxwDq8gCdzQo1JYQSKRsF5KVn1ixdBADaUzM+tJ9ipk7LhSzTlHxliPw960w2P+nUxoeE9NGJ3XdUldnpgzVG0czsj42xk1aOSjk5Aabt1IVn1ixdDwdGldtGh/fcTJDV55zLjs9qYmVisXGv5LsMAWOFciZe4057pu8EFkUAJg4m2378F9y5py0LBxbuilXqAb/JWbWq7+8hXghUrZmXq50NCq5olSwzUvQoOijZpd5iDDgFgLUEOlkIlR0lINK4cGBAXw561pxk5TxydmOa727iwQ4DblALNyexp0BhLbBNwTkg4UORREoTSRPqAO8lFkYuSOvCZoyPt5qeYcLCiIOpi7Go7bP1XLIKUEDFsvUMNyChTEQM8iBpRbJKBBR+NlEcQgXOmRx0k/Vio/SamGVw8Na/W4FL2DqSfmayQNGPLUy/Z8hO+XzcaLkVIpDiil8TOyaNgLGgNBi8hDapgpPb/60LBuadQwzQikaI8sxbyMntBWLzsuN9VQgZQS+Wh4VAoatBSvkEXDDWAK8n6Rn0wktlcl6/7EovtW3qLhIcCpBgFoAQycgZnQVifTLLc+MRzESvVby6Q2N5bilaEqI6MKBE0iUgpCw5lk1SfkQ8MITjWEvCyHHVr1Rpww7QYXZELDg4GgiJQa8v0klWmgeGVRW3O3tODqGC/ehmGhL+Wg4ekax6XoXo8Z+Y5CpVz0ZByTCQ2ftQSwUgWq41KOkBSv/MC6Jl8PlUI7GgoLrakGDc/WLrYTF+05lkUOrYxAi6qbZEJDGIYr8J/P97ulWjp8FK9EEF4zoTYETH4b5it3OOWg4Zm5Be5X62HjDCsILENrhV5skLUYNbws1TDRSJQ6q/tcItWgVD8d1bImzJQHTBYb4quzS8SrghSAhrQaFkbMLuAELnt3qNfFkHDaDuS6O+1VDYm8OFQZqZD6tp28jRZ1Q9o75sYcZKkpiieLY6VrVx8alppquAqwUloY5PTAl5ImtwSz3KaGZh9UKrq9sq1OCho+Yvxk27qz/hGMtHkYQorRRKLtTLLuT8iHBlyKdniAlhGaeuBLSdtmvNVy6xOjt/p5PlpQ5GuW2twqSP1ZBN9nfAuPxQCfY+H7ITRcSl1oyNLA185hZDjW0dQJyZ22zXg6ZELD4SqiVEISGnLpOF0enM6dAGJOUERKwQ0+haHhmJPx2gWW1RsdOzohLAj04txNmdDwTdVQFB6EioRqn5QjJKnU41SyEviR77YfK9WWutAwzSGlGD0DleoNOWgFrBNclQcNb4bdUZHnbWelkwf5TJBOklegudbId9vPn4VHYQpDw5SeFexexgw88OgLeelFuW5SrXiRGl5SoFi4o1zU9cOjr//2kE7KqSFMkN2CekP6yi3Id9vGo0xD7P8HGtKOHtCzzgazy24XHL2dFLfmWhxWvvZUzRS/2Kawraa9Bv31djqRjYOtXL8nrQbygx+/jYqT1q7X0NPwm3VLg4YNU7UsG+8wepscgiPUTVuz7PplZRokqKFG9e+TcH2pal9g+bRvb8159KfZgGYpGLhH6+9Amrfht3Fy86I9DSuuTyjkQ0PmhUGWHfzEKECl7KEmWgETnHKh4bgqUQTXjGpBKvmb4yU1qCD9GVtug6cfmlV1Rm3JEfHbuHlS+UNGkuoTrwAasq7EWb1Gg5VqynZQZCctDnLMnZp9iURRoihSNd8U8vCTOxN4FPZF0OjPQROYcnPRiEo+CJUSUSo5daEh89iIltV3DEJuF4TubK9xfouDHHOnOit6pIrCpb+d/+nuiVsRBQ6g4ftmCaLr9HrID8hOWrQVRgdiqQsN6ZtmzYxZE/fADV3oyfa4FrQ4rDzToNDhSUvPtSkowta2GCnVw6fIj2ZVKVAVEdlJwwB6tbs/3l3k7sRzfLUf8vp+F1aqM8QKC1ocXk4NCwoUz6Ua/qrsfx+ue6fa5u8Y+VApLEYL4OH7hmZVxSA/oFE5CNlPLXGI6vK7GpIBDdjtiROauns7HY5sj5fGz+/IPaa7VJHK4hnr6Hz62FehUqkq2o+WtO6tBmo14D5E1QkYIPIm0cKHrcP1XEvdnlXPNCwx1YA7GzwOpJRgz6ZXm1zOX8lMNWwrU8UqK2dUDefnfVZSipSq2d3a2qpFSmmfrF/fgKphgaDNz2/3DZ8zt9x4lIz6xOL7Vt6SNvkOqFRPb4/QFKLBjrFCLjS8N+qLFSUiqrJ5X73dXAWVGq3Z19XVZUZKDW/NyKgqRyZQWCnluRao1NZkpBokoeHhv5a7Hla7oFKhbqG7h1RZe5lx9Hnmn56tbYeXtx6d8eUnEmFV87zPHtSplDqd7/TF775rM6CLqcotubloWrMlGPDb+Giwr9zQd2p7MpbkI/V13nLXw7jLvqPnf9SdfUwb5x3HJ03apKfNH6NMqChqJ1VdN6mLA9XsGFsCJoaFPedAB3Ywd8kf+Jgdu3F8zhGwi7G5KHITCJ5RVKdxXqnnKCExG3Fe6i6wNemyhpKNNlmWNGIVa96XjkhbszSr9jzP3REbtpSYg3nPPyhYKOLL3fN8nt/bN8CSPCuAKA/G0Pd/9vyj9csnhIauJtNU5VQkKztxcr1aZ7PpUpcSCR2a/AF0JSUlqEzERUClrElbW42hzVuQp9CAi/qqHRTrD3Ckn1ZMzyWYJzREbIl0RTqRFTvYDnWy2ZzbTU5TDCmlcaLfAd0HCX29FStVE4v8L6Bhrkr1M0ipEEUGSGNmr+psanhcgiJ7R7msi14phxhwIGNoYyoGhYphpdqQUgavmP2yoqMvmQiHoVLbFyLUsEDQ0AAcPM9Rfj/JM1g5XjFv48mvbUDnXlNDpmFmc1OksaoxElttMqlr2zdu7UZk0gwsFr3HR7jNp1cDs4/Q1HQtMjTMOdTw7LMtCpIPcpyfJ/1KRngZx+btj70JnXtNWzdlNlpC4oofNrWdhkqtam+4sAd1WF4DcG/3EEipNqiUW1H3xQLkJ+SBhtLVShopFWLJkBBLpsBv5u2PfXItUmpjZqH7VvVgZeWUEys12nn2LO6VGNLUWwWlVHXA7XODthuLBQ0nnnnCNVlnpJBSAY7mhTgfqZhEH9zOtMl+UrOzXUip2pUZP7Zmrfqvw1cqbGFbImFTeZ2mH/wBrphZUMpsjhmgUmYQK3tO9nVAnqNwUmlkeZZiAxTFYrwKMEKLfeYD+fyThhq6RiF01u7JZtOCu+UpW1iX0OlMZ0xncJQ57HZZPVipMNAQUClbifxrnTxK9SvsQahUMEBzFAjhYpDqeY+RLvAiQtBFsmyqIEdURAn4TNlsKqcKO1MUaHwutKETZjdWyjB/T/GFg4bzgOGhUnyIZEk8XsavbPlv+1wWNTyuFvLFy2juiTPTD2IAEVdFMoyVcqpU2H9kEOgtglLhMDDAo28u7iZ5Ag3dgEGvYJAK0RQAdo4lFaunSxrW/CrnhoanupqzogYbRpEhdtU6WywO0aFW9LtYXm0gPB43vPuswtmeenPNU4sMDXOONJwHDnjDCbBcgIRKMRzrULw6bVj1+ee/yNV/4o3m5s1ZGFG7PR6PV6Zsqnj8sLd2szCU4b7GDJUya0DNq7gVzGVou7kA+QlZoOFDPBUywLIhkgbAwXIMWC+9b0Uvv1yUq//EW93dJ7P+3QSZoXI46nMidFj1Cn57v/sugEr5oFJ17+AZ3RbN6QXIT8gDDcdwWDTEsTxJKhQky9lB7zMSNBw9miM0QGzobt40Mws2PFGeJC5NTJSoht7+Fl7XIClgpcJhXPNtBc58hYal1UYU3PNzwSDpUCholjIq+qUHcndpaY7Q8M3vdO1pzuq3XKkerrxbXmEhouXlKZ132oMYKkUYNCAmjJXWgzPfkH2VyaLUS0ojNr2keJa2o9oG2qicDjT87ejDXF0uCyLeSMEsm+eKqN4dRUl56cSLQVKASgHQBnBjmA948xUaJhV2bHpJ+SlKCYwUSyvr7jxSaneOCYoXnzt+fCDLEcKEmAEqhXp2k9MlMWHx6AMxPLyhnpiLvUlJPkDD8p/bSVQDEuB4+HCxDABglcQMuzbu7Nj2+hp5Du5dTYchM0xF0zFU7mDaKv73tWbIW3qP2QAMYqly+2JDwxxDDf+oY0gUFg1RPGk0wt0dgHEJFH53sUP74amHuVpdZn+7W90IoaEgGo1NxeON6vabGA7uv+O2QqV8UCmz2D7+7gLkJ7563/pqajindOBeEz/ldygZygiAol0EhaLu8Y6O8deKcnW6zF4r1SgjPRiN6hA7qPcIL++NNqwUAQ9DQqz5e1P+UIMs0HAdkDgQw1O8Q0HSSgCUV4VPbr9waqdWO/6vHKFh5uo0xSE0VLgSuokVE+WqTwRo+CRMWKyCUh6x5q8sT6GhH5A4EMNzQQbQJFSqRjwJXygdg0pd/CA3aJi11nsrITREXfpEOaIGMcg8YvYhpdxmIA5vcIfzFRp6AYkzgkEW7uYcqQCgWvJ0fOl8S0tH519ytcZ++ulsA2vUVllhcXlQuUNSql9wmj3w5cNKCS0V/3keVB5Aw1KtksSlaWyQsgPWATf0YxIz3OltadGOncspQTFrOH2ZLpVOI6V8ycyyEB1WCh19mnqhMUD3fwENy5vXGxk78q0vDEJ0D8IjMTg9pWHLzp6rfzqobZCHGraoGyEsDEav2NBMhsHaNSJKRKx6Kyoy0outYGap4WJT92tbNiwCNMwx1NCvhUrhtxFecpQ8uh4CaUrD+9q9V+/t1773MCf/iVkDn9SoNHJdtAJBQ3z7qiUYGh6oUnq9BRUZ+cRWMI00reHLBw++uClTfmL+0FA61mJ0MPht5GglGlkeohVSmKFdu/fevb3a9qKcTKtmrk5cx5ZKR2OoRtK7VkD+a4JS9YTVLexb9YIZBVxvfvzxm/kDDSd6j0GlMLJTpIIJFAZCZJ342e2LLfuPHNmH50PKAA0NXgQN0XQSQcMK1QUBGkZUUb3ehSqRzcK+ZQHHhZO+bODyyIG8gYald6BSDIO7CaFSDiiYnzkmfnh0vG/HvSM9eD6kDNAwGoHQcNeStiJouKsbEf7izkQSKWUhLAap+UQsjv90YGSkLH+gYfIzxs6gOB9UyoG6nwN+ZH4plv617j9ysGfnn3OEhhkHdwxNGEhbijE0SJ0Sy2IJCFeoEtkiGFgVezTSD0S83mX5Aw3XP7PbGXy54SEzcEgpILmBTvYd2vH3HX07z80tQTEz1DDj73pAV1GeRkr5MqdXDKKGFGt9sd5nFcZEFhOSKdoyrzeyLG+hYaW2l2JpvMOzDmxJUUhLJlNLtvUKThTy2FC+gRsqBqOp2FTVo5kMK01V65BFtoWoN5szoWFDOyqKGN21CNAwp0hDb+t+miVxJodjcItvoaNaDDSUduxAnpf3tO/n5D8xy8QKN1RE4P25MQMaLlwajiKssvqKxVYwERruX1CrVOqhL2UJNfxz3tCwe7xvPx10ONBZSNnx9lVol/ottwhO2Ve1W2QJNQgNFSl4FCJ48K4XkH8otSKJroN6T73wNkrQcOOsCip19sb8TatK5ICGE32t++ggDl+FaDvevgLKFikGIThl79B+IAs0tKsFaEgkIDRMXBKg4W11asKKlPLoXQKyS9Aw4NQhP4qyPIEGuIezFFQKPkx+GqcpCkMKaYMfa/k+cqLY27FbFmhoMCFoSKY9SVQEL0LDAV3qLiL2Yp/VCiyZ0DCAEti6M5/mCTRcbznEUSy+BvKkkRPqRfulGMShWz/+9W9/2jMuCzQIDRVpSz0+CqWZDBFbOq1HdrSExQNcmdDgxcWApoI8gYb+1n0URzHICS1IGoPC4A8xJLO0Bztlf/3QxZwSFDO3lDJVtDydhkoRGLNEaPDaKqJIKRfhIgRkd4dFTyusVCRPoWFzx9Wf/J4L0Awd5Bh8fS4MKreJH3Zp/4j9qw5uk+e+32CKV1UVJBNOVNoQGV0uQUMUbVsQGvQgMz3Rrh6MV6GM/iJEGuYQarjeeuR7QTZAMlSQs+PrM3zE3hNR4FTfD7F/1d7xb8sRalgzaoKwMJjUoS9xU8MSnJ+4YBpOWgRo8BmEkQRCeuKsanB4eJlz6P5iQcPjqeEU3MO5YMjBcEHKrsDDw2jwuvC+FXX2/Aivno2yQMMrtfBaWLkuaUNfKp2d09CAN3i9p9htFjZ4zAkfDalK0GTpoY/kCDXMHxp6W2/d4nj/v5k735gm0jyOa+LFzbi8EJtsTj1f+EY2udDd29DaK1mJXTq2tZamtXjtDIY/0+tQVmCaAaRroVurFUQaNhz1tuuesLHeukcxhK5rXP8s56LoSVfD6SIXX/SUHEFYL3Rzud2Ye55npqVVVl06HgxvTBFjvsw8z2d+39/z/VF21k1qE3OsJvhv3jqOxlflfHBDEGj4yNIHocFsG4DQIH3AQ8Oee3DZgqkWGl2KPXFSGiqYnh7ATUsEGmZOFU4SLg9lZ8D6jsLDfFQir2j9vqNofFWOdVgQaDgsewjtiQrbAGCGu/jniXfFAjVy6CvWck4OZ0/86jNp+O6W6QB+eWlAw/q244VxwsfQBga8BKKDSy5az6cgbrIeLQTQsPXb/PcFgYZGFBYdVjuRYc9FRb7aAbdC5NCbqzknh7cnOrhmQGFCLjLPadhk7S4EWx9LkwxDoRq7yKNNFK9idXE0v6o3XxiD4jJ+F1CDWY2aQBJGDoCGMFQKQIMZ4ZVRjnpGXzXZYNxTaP6Qi5976PIlxEi3bf/9v2GbLWXQSsq5OVZlu98or6w83FJZ5uWhIVLznhDYcGCXrO9Rn80PCw2PZPz4y3LZ7xA0qJ1gaTfCRkg98i26iqCJ8Y5A2Q3PhoYXKTW0H88BT6On2W63a1UTKqAUje07/eP5mzevDt8qqbs0NJQ3lNcduTm8sKaGJ0oNRaa+Rx025E48tJRnoVLDuJSDBocDLO0pjZA/yHIvbL6webN0XAh/4gWg4dmlhnW3uvNyooTHB5SSKNAcKy1285U/763Z2XLoiOI4mnk5dLyk8n0h/ImPLaa+7EY/cic6LZ9wxD96h4MGp5qDBrNchh7lcSkMln4qu2GxoOGMNVo46WZdgBrs4kg7pjWADbF9zZn2tpmJT63Kbg4a6kpuXhUAGrJ2WBpz3wzX4qjQIPsjZ0/037nHvRVWcNWrRCPkZXx6esv0dAH+2ZKAhimwhk8yrM9NGShx/gymJQ0SSc+Kqfa29li7leKhwXvi79cEgIaVrbKOgoFQLXInQlVcCWGDNICgoVpnNiJocGBjXIMk/GspvQ+LDA0TddsKJ1nGx9IGGmuHc6zsYlVsRWymbSQ2U0fFETTcjhysfytzaFieK7WFAwFbcYibnpDNF90DAa50XM1BgxPrSAt6ECS7IXNogANA4yzTTMAw1hFujpVyasUEUipi56aDxiP7bhwTwKCAQ+ECYWdxGBUaqvgDq7YAgoYKnRFVr4y14jHO4AkXPGNyx6JDQ/2feqNRN8uStFhVvmxVU4mybEfWAQWm1WKYREsT8e3bbzOkRIMphbAJupqKLEWVFlnnw0ZZKx/+uPt6Y6ca5oJUrC3GNLpauYoby/2eDM6wmut9eKnQ8AKVhrbuOKeUFtNPcXOszp++qse0EgyoRbG9Q0OvswaglOLaAs5PPPVe2GqxFNVYTJ19jZamLA4aHlsaB9TwYTSvlWPFulpMzxkSD6rgDKv5UiIXBRqO5R8FSjEsC3ZAxTU4x0r57vAr51W8Unb27a1bt7F2uRw78WsBWiHLa4BS12Wmzk6TZQdP/IOyAQiiFbpqIwaUKsYauKCGK3c2o+uJlMgF+hMZQ0OsLhr1eBgWvhJGzqyZsOr11ok17WKxVoxhtNbAvH3pUhwp9eGXmUND1uEai9Qkk97ZMyCtGueYYfW4dA+0J9Q6oxnDanXJI5fSwDS6QpeXBDRM1MWjHjdDgFdCLH/9ih6rXtkWW9+WUIpkcvLyjhK0RiyuFAAaNu64juNVUjw8EAhJEwfnxvAC2CbjcAKwAkppsKpEixuChmTvwyJDQw9SiiVYWoLNwDlWeuXM1HdWsJhjmBgo5QbQECW0GkzSlDk0LM+FdXQ8aAsFwja8LzGHwgaL7kanA4CVXKeTY1WJLRJthcKkRGYODSOnkFIsQUvEI3COlV7ZvmkqgpSCW18UMIObBEqpzv+kQfHCpYb7cPw8VCocCNnwBDXhIahUNXi30XFKNSYMHqRUYL4xHz8bGr4RHhq80dnJ0lm3V1mfTGH6Uql1iwxittllYInerQxrd8Dwxi5B3vi7Vi07sLeoqOZwMjD6oyKZ0+HQqY1OrH6XoqSV/38cMiFmeOdh0f7/AzQ8v9TQRkZnS2ddjEE58j3/0bFrEsojoiSMyAOU2pbDEpQahjf+mHmpISur68D+rJbWoqLKcvgDyJ8YlEk5pXTiB39tOPeAtyNG71yAlYZ55lG8NGh4FjWsyz8FlCqNMnbFHKQPi+2uZq3WI2IMDHv7dZbQV6ytkJ94LXNoWLnyiy82rjxcabFUlief3QfSEFSqwlgsGT0HlOLtiP4BDhoG+oVohcwYGrZHWBe4pzwMFflH8sMRzOBySWiXiDWwbE4vQfjNRgd2RABoyNr9n8Gzq8f7ZbIrgzwzrD57BSrl1JmrNarGBn9wjN/n8cD0FlhqCDUuCWiIRRiolJulIxPJeY0zGOnzgPtKRJAskxcnSH81WENaVwpwbfzm5P0NF6tw6eVk/WCDCbc51U5ntVne0Oj3n/s80eLGQcOW0NjSgIaI21da6nMTtDWWnM5kBYs5gxl8IpJg3ZeirNdvrNZhH2cODWDz7uvLzjXhwaApWT/IxW0OqBR4fQ5K/clwp05+KyxYKtBg8IBlyuUm6bZY0tyJSJhmAiOamw0EGy1kWK9ubXWt+OpCqOHJ3+2Gk799s68qGMTnlBoDt5TToXMY1Rge9PtxnhEaucGXPzWPYvGhgYpPgmuWSklhahK7RFyeNGEgmF7C64elE/nOZYJdb6SNmOjae1AD3gc1WGvaUAx01kKoyZfPgYYXKDXk28EtVlrqoZLM8MtjH0p8IpQn3UyShPsoEfFXw1ayG5mfn0iu86v4P3BGxOg5WGOQi1ONiH/9V3oBXU9PvlyIP/Ei0PDMUsO6E4bSSfDFUOfnnuEyulnEwnR3qFS0m4jojLAW/lXm/kTyuP3G1Ed38EpQLq+tlcvTjIhRvtIgHV0SfjemLwAAIABJREFU0HAmQsJbqpSgeuZ+TG8XcXnSLgNBxBkSjTl1iA8IQQ1/QOkMZ1enXuP9DVApTJVmRFSFuUoDPrY07AmKQEqRkYnv5tIISJHIrkUNfwTRy5JK6BroVBuFoAbujrif2t14/2KVX66pLcb8qUbEfS4zONn7sOj2BMVAoWYNkViSrmKwtQHlSbuBUtvAgg6L4sUKIaCB727IzV6enVJ/wDVyjQ4olTt3TDO7j680CDP58rnQ8FxqGKE8SCl7/pxSPZhbxOVJM/Dp47c+zUEhTlBw5UmoVEo6linIbX3BFP2yEzWZ8PyTLxcdGo5466KTk1GKjuzbmeg4LLPD/D4fOgdmp+20zszNZob/+KGmQwudKcV7H/N+b399WcmRlrSPdu/qgMzwl/ThFS8LGp5bafje6iUBNTAU7bW2b+I/VIFli0QZmj6SoimtDjULF5+A5ylufD18eoHnJ7p2KpTvHkr/LHGg8vEVheJ6ehLkY1kHrDTcm2cexWJAw9+s3lOzk6UsTVvzv+af4t/AZcuOMjRdJEVRKidSSgMDn/7ZVP/VawssNXxS06A8mD5qKAn8g/0NiifOSQzCPkjYCTn4i8z9icyh4VuvlwXvzyQN7qlPzyRyG9wikZaLbjDQdkrvRCPmMehRtTQ1tSyUF1p2KZW7fkjnhSQ3yBqCpvTjlRfxAlhoCOAnlwQ09Hi9DFDKQFN1H/SsT4T5uUQiMTpI8T/mzgamyfyO47jTKY/BZFzZMnGGXM6Dy4wPanh6pbrMda0rpULDayzF8NJqKZy8SHlRoRUK+AL0IAQ5QHmTeVa5bg4XcmLczjNjIHTouehp5p1zHo2Gg8CZLO6y/1vLS5+WWovwJAaflkj4+fT///y/v9/v+9ODSKmNebGo+wMeoE8VFHR5XAdZKSrMvsj6f/7k+lUoxsx57f7uryA0fMrduCygYcRg0IPzM4xUtS1S44wOnAKxIQGKVAQuo+4KCvrj2ZOlfa7Z3Ck0+McbxUau2dl7xsJ5fRLcA64y9V6GhoWlhnGDwZKSYgE7nLbaZn2lUsOJVdi1CG59RlTImUcHrllz5trd4W0eJiie3C8UG6Gx6FaWXyTTaGyZ60luq/44wPVC+8Smnd6GBr/mh21arUFtyO2ZrG4mZQuCGOjAzSEzv2TI1QtPsS5lKJoSu97F/SpaWYsQGguRoW+q2xUKafL45xMNvOy1bwIaFuyfeKaaNhkUGqUid3raVE2oAc6uj1FzyGBQOgpHKio54A+jNIiU7O8upYb+1ta1rOu7DNnURs+BizHn5o9j/+XFm7fUcf829uagwQU1DKgmUaSScnsu1N9Gn7PAQbhkKfFcE52CJkZC6xMSfb+JpmiaEpxwCQ3bu7pY17WzfGRTm7HahRH8nOtLbu/Wrb3zhQYPpYbXhYbvHmqnDQbAUEm50x3acfxiJ9wKcU8hR6cREyOh9fyTfo3dMFKpriWHxlb294soyWEQqS9/4uz6x9x9Pjx+9+lf937qFaHh9aFhw4ipCUZKk68HkRrZgF+j4BwmPNdEpxYRI6FYas/qLgGMVJbrUr++Y33sE6yQoS/fXd3gCSxx+6r3914RGrwADePtHQaDQQ0j1a4lnZbVUth2iXoKOVWMiH+QWMP99aMjIrBM0c0vXU3s+NDcwHrg9W+Brv+UhFU38F+xwgENzC2obLKlYcWygIb6jnYYqZhcC4gUoQatEk4GKCGDQWV4bu76COrMmmExiBRzN9AVNbzz8ec72RaVcOT6DxWqrVudBGvufUPLgdOzqkSWGTT41FyIvHfBYLJaJiN/00YSEJUIt/RkfEelhCzwqT6lVEwJp0RDubBtCD0yJJcnsukJqcimdi+/xn0zqLhoeWJRv8+bgIYFpYbvVdPCng5NfkqZNeRHphH8oghpMmSIo1iAzRPWS5oDbtOKKk6Zkh5wXtTQXxQNInXcUXbYJyI2tQWsUgMbNXx+mce7/GDMK/Mn3IIGV1LDrR2TYSBS+hTL+2Fv1eMiojNQSsbm7nDGlxhbmcTSJ3+WRSdVcfRq8SPn+YntBXKefIglA9vHIKDNm5uddQUNdx6gSK1aFtDwdqfWam0yaSxTZVbhtLYTvbYfaTIERKXdxO9sL3W8XyDN1+lypaJy58hQcVIul2ccY+FQ7IwZRX3tJjRsDIf++ZnXl4m5U6dWCCIVM1VlEYJIPbZLyRyphmyFRwlepVPH+mTqXHBSZJJdHKCPZYBnKoNFjdiDgDY2h++2XRMscdsdf3GZmDvVmkCktDFTJSBSHapguyajw5oM2Ap3ELzKo4OfMko9pyqJVn3kotAYjqRi0xO4xMte7LZwYM5sAf+UV5hhYWhYkBrG24W/6zAoOGUWq7C9Hme9qpEmk09mfKn45BQoC7xGaco4JQpq1EWC4uwQl8ubNRvPLjVwkZf9QUnLj51QgwNFNHDhdCvziuUJDXuq90feM0xPWf4ZGXnvaCOZRQGiJlUjG2BpZRpFxKzjfmI8PFQjCnXKDEW8ukuXGngnHeoQWsmHOo9xnwJCyxtndInW7NTu0v5Fg4YFixpqTW+FNBlSpizCEGGTCtc1jNDgM0drkKcYPTqMf8U8amAQTx7Sqbud9k+sjeM1TEzU8UodFvjjxO4xSrTPTWiAKYofxn5q+46z0Vdv2IoklwAaAm+3hYV1KFIsljDwtZnMomBKwGFHgT+MRdn4sBNFf3IKq6ZVTI1TqWH7EIiUfzFvj2NrHBVLeNZdqeG9VXe+/XbGpOFrnuDGgzue5ie80HLZIRSaklLKYKG2iUgNV6RVIET5WLy61o1QOzZHtq8IqaacErrAOTMk8syXnsfDFt15Vw0hf4ncbWjYGH7x/CyEaCm8en3plIZn2iYQIUDssHveRKY8y5Q6ECI9nvF1C6N2rCR5dTZTgkVS55V+x6IzzRPmzGhHakhNIIJFsdsPwi/Cz89UOWz8oqWQe3EJaxqgwYBBjyNFpIZgRgORHanuGiaYQYebg3zVSq1Uh5+zW0756pQ84vRnp1kOvf7Y1wPwrNu+C/7+W8xbZvVrGo27G5YOGmDLpdVQptNPWa0pRGp4DJcoJTLhqVKLHmNnuL3UaKAATxhXMNucSg17eMX+/+rlXnaghnB+HhEsLrImKJwUmNoj5W8GkZqFba8EDZtWeR8aymuq7z00TFl6IiMj9+8g+YlESpObRKPxHaJGnxoqKj09iqoMPULO1HoqrT/U2XgJaPr42wl52vx3isgCf5BK82jXL6VQtdaJRVMaFs5PtPd0KKos0yHCkB4Vzk98n0zH6BWUOik3hha8eNlNg0jlUKMBd2lkg8jJpwZfOJEaTiHTx3PP5a3zF/hsssCnUxVu5iew3GD7OkTBGiTRD4sLDa7yEzva3m9LmrL8CkBDzw7cQDEoYhR6DZnx9e5mAf9wekQCVeqbiOfRgk/j5s1OoKGINwGNm+rkDnJyFl7gwZnJ7fzEHNnhBoqUYKeHUsOHr23u9FDbYTXll4CjjlVoqSdFDYw0Sa+kNPn5Sqp53YBMkrc3QkIf8UvFyxZHIyh3pjUUoJEl54oTHbJeIrzAr48yugsNc3d9I6rWuhq+ZOZOIyBSBr3FArvn24kT5FNana+X4mloN9cMMJKIvXkScdpqGT7bcNSV250VRWYj9/Fd8dkO79C2zFmLR7v+eTGKVObSOULWapvAVog41I5XI/CDx9AxuUlquhPcJYBI8WXPgukknNxhRvucROqd6GLU82CzFpi57tsyZ5Ld7m/1/v52WaKOT+Xk2NoxFwUaFqCG76q109MxZXpYDmm1ZXLG4eNEM2TGVy2VkJ5+mC/60//w2YZTQt3cdoadGvrkDbt2QQ+YB/MFzD/bM2dfuCs1wEjZ/1pMw5JuunjZQINPY9zRbmXHJPRwuneUlEKGFogoSiagKSYbag+l8K7gENj3OUS3AfdxrD+liPRJFsd5GRrSKFgQdjBBtnaRoGFhqeHxuPaK0jItDJlRGn6+7rYYRgr8GQV08PIuuBMNBwSM2rZCECmRwzwKVNSQUXwOXbwiN6FhAanBfv0H6as246dXz0+4Bw0upYaBZtUVDWKGsKbmQDLCqpkBsQCREhW86+u7uQZEKvm4r28l3gp1MSBSApZ5FEFBQYnI7HHXLt5Z70LDe5fRsocnYC4NNLz9UKVVxqCd0NreZndvgBOGZCAeN9etW3frKLhLHdjnJ8BboU4J74+wMUN5tBk9Upd4DlJD4etBQwvSVz2egPn60LBhwwiIlAJFyrYVblj59ApF0SIpeJJgEmygG9xlnQhazeCtsErKp6isU2yNNl3y5+iR2iLvcgoNVz3Z9J/gWaF5nk7A9AI0BMNIIZMBu9IAGzFhpMAn8MpT253q2cpntq2QoSk6uovdHXPis9kmhjObmtkTaJi16fMTkKkYVbdY0LCg1BBcqzUo8y2ohcIw+UvCV2CzY0CkaNSxiu6qg1deI+flMljY0DzIlqDAo/M++KBXPr8W8vpsaHBbarBfDTRMwtqMn14RGjYtCjT4+FSkVaIRE5FtGTOJgYqKQz5+5Ydm3cG0RRlmBkleehQ/me3HxNVhaGgYckxP4OzsYcajbZ/sDx5PwFwYGtwwhXzcqe0AyBAiNNXauy5fDg4GBLzYRhol0F1AwE26BMt+CRHpUVTWS5b+icQGDA3FcW6mJ9yEhrHCnDkTMJcAGtYEnhkYVvVAZvhL/fDMGKtbjwAtfELA4JtH/4Zfsv/P3PnHNnVdcRwl6Qq3MLEyhAC3o5SOppn2JhAvM89Di7yGGNcklhM7YBs0iAOOnRLbPOPEwcZ4bn40JFYQY4HwK9CUNgMxgUK7skADQ4EVwqDQNeKPQkpCaCICGlDRqN199z4b2+89xzbx6EFCsS1H4vDuvZ97zvmeg+scVMCyZIkF1PNQwxto+DVzLXRz0xPr+NITMVLD7yjnkwmYieQnFo7BlMuPvmzwPXgTnoV32JoG9Gb/W/Cvh3gq9k+PnTvGtJEuNWJmALkoRsPbKPoeC6IcpqgPTNHTJgINfw2s3QQnYI7JlMvh/rt2xAyBmgYkxeydmyaaeyz4hM1j2khnozqHaiP0lE1O7OE9CvEjdVK8WiA9sS6xY/8Uu3YTnYA5FgOrRHP7t9gRMzQVD4Z7anA4+Ir5aZjUY2agnEUoRsM32yXrE6yTjMxPvCizxJueCJuq/ZQTMGOBhlFrIQf327GU1+pblMFSg6gX+mY4wlO9OF/oJeDR56SUEdQQMjov67dviz+PCDWEpSfip4bFkRMw44KG55IDDfAav7Hhi7e+aNgoHPt/YdK4SeN+wyQRf15NoIdlOVXCl0QIRBq4H5bi2wpRltChH7wAVCUt0hDLqEtIDYvePNy2dTAIDZFRhEcjU0emPkJSXxdOiRVx+jYwoYYyNtKgdnMLIdFtZUnkwTAQEzV8H7wAfJZcaIg+f2Lm2eIPP11wP3xKXFhUb86v5ky7OaEWVX948KlkA5VcaJidtw3v8GZOUcN8GcpjOyOT17FBw43gBeBqYqEGXmj4dEEcxgw5W7BVzyi/9G2R35z+DWvTH34z/h8ra9C1UIf/e51g10qOvaMdWgbtvUPiusiPapGyB97rTgtCQxSrYKOEy0HPvxMy3kdqTUactmar/cGdO5fseyM/eDVgx469OjJ7VgHhRRyKzm+LbP4sjm3GGa+se+LNkR/tQYs2X0MlNLfSHIwSHnxm0JAmEg1ubYMk2mLvFkawuaJhUZoEVX8YUIVRvsbBPxCOhYZIBcWLZrRo4ymEDP22IxAlpJIGDbFMreq1M6Jnq68lJSVDIB4BEUKU1o5K/BRov1knb+VJUJRjEA2LNLDbipnAIc3m4Ky7OGyiLBAllP2ooGHc6nqJRFIWygzra+sK8qpw64ZJTLaCBGRhOWGwulTsXuuU8UgkNmvv4eYKddzqCSmwODWgNHqbh5Xlq6SlNdyKiYBIz5I0aIht1OV+id1uvxtkhum7d4+c67hcWnptHkMDjy7LACNKvXINmDwuA1t8a5HyFDXUiA8xzHBPy61136UkmDa1hZHCinBo+Paq1KF9PDAqNLyUHGgYddTlRUlxseRyKDPMq1xaVlXlRrULX9eTjCxOWVIPVF6XMVCnV8WTn3CbmbkSWUe4oeTn60gqF3qq4Pmo0HD7qMOhPS0IDTPGFBpy0lNi/oMtp80HrS0n/cn7OU37fO2+7o/wsEtGvQuyz7YSeq8XF7HBa8flyVy7pmagYVlj3gjnow6CaVNLCEsukZ3WOhxHuVzRBWaw1+/rP0vEdvAvvtR4DXtqX+gXkaeKcUMClK0AYIVbSuq8HsIZiE1yK2Xm1FcgT6l5QlsFQA49Rf06+v/98Uy/X33wxwkNaDw23KaKu0UhJNG7v6G4XYL7aTL5CSZX0a1Q6FxWNo5UBOp4B8IhaFicySe5lOdaBCSXIUOtHDJ/Jlez6WelZjaQRGgYnRpE9+3MM9WSnhKkBuwp3CVSxOQn4Pqzd5NG2qVj40hLAE+C4gCOiJ7M7OM0a3i5OSC5/EmUUANqe2HmeoqVmiUEDa8lERogI6zeFSp4qC2TGBQKI0G44WelhInWGYFJQbqlAIAnKXee31MgHnrvD0PiMp5uDJPKVzlKa6K3dxQkixWagEgvadAQS6Rh+vSH/f29oa87dtqNjKfIDsgMUkJF6xSEiVSehQ8bCKwLgkc/8acy6KllR8QFPK2etm9Y4aiq47wdBgjfyVAD/KMR1DAwIAsUNT9OTD8xRtAwc/y88+cvzAyhiI6NPsZTQNY5YcJXSlJP60nCREhLlNBT7LpwZvOUQn6cZx7KOrlNzNMrf9bHJVJHHiesGt6a7QaFyKIrEhpus9GrInA6Mf2EADTEbzlNTYdDXi7a5zMhTynXTJnyJanQW/UEaSJaIWcBdoOfYSnlgYbaKvXQskON4vN8n9VLpfXf/z3q4X4VNcAn+iLfvxFQPlE7nik0pL5+uKkpJ+T1ojafAXpKAdrh89lNGHW0ilAYQOFOyA5BeC7jPlPTOrUVh5bdq9DydSTtLJRKS3ZEfxzUmCw4vRl6WBDNld16ptDAnHz9oV8bvGuHnjIqQPFwWloDMNC0CRiN4C6kBxCE5w08oYal4qJPfv+X9/maKwjxQCxkMTEzoHzyJw8aYqGGjIwHTU2LUhjDCYreLXbm6CPBFlGaSIILkg1GogF5KgDP58dzExQbxNtOZg2ZC29zxdy3epr9jn++/KQvJN8/yA/Jgm2iGWbNgRtVcwLQ8FwSoSGyAGHnXpp2WVW0CtSNcxNY1QRchuz1u2paKTRLF+IW30yIle48sVj7bqLjIlrluOKqsGZpbRhe1KDdMt9CCf7m7SVKUupemeRIA2dgtqRFZ3XRKquJuDD1ClY1GUiXYtXfzl2UyovycUyGTz+xvUALPbUhjklEofmJgUAO47Pr178LA4cutFvma5QDQtBw0CynHD0/PC00jEINkXaxmPGUTuUxyj6Y0Mqqmoxesv5mp1upwZ6ySPn0EwfKoKfyyuNoD/xKWOkCm8Po6uvbEbaetax8WirYquH4CYpynEo6NETYPp9V5/HqVR6FcsoUpbEapZ1NHuLsSOUGwoI9paniAYPJnfXiM2fyaib/YjK//TkqNNwAKIdhAVev9oXTgYPtsSIW/G4f9NSZ68mGhghLb9NbdV6vXm8l2xldIZY+62lQ80FlAcCNbGdQJTxgMK2yUCwWFwp3MX/lteilCzacw+jpORWWxriFE2ZFwoLNWz0OSi6oyRwzaIiMsW9pg57yqPQ0IcG6QqY2jdaD3sH9EuBcjtN05XxraSnTp0FIGjlxtLM9M5DDUJsrwo7DIzjLvQSoBbHALKPki3ueBhpiSVBkpKSnpKYEqWFwa5uVdjHttkFD2v6A9NljIuee66gC+OhbDs7zKChmu5kNvexA+JUl5DLyUsiEXK41s2XZfrW6McxTjfhK5QyWjHKgYaFaRsnUC/kDDcmGhppVpCyPSVIU7L2vc0HPGVyGVeuzjQgaqgm9F1Qu3VhsMuDW5SsEDu/Vq99JGFbw9WCdRi5Wa8vCJmTVA43NKScqBb8qo3JtFrDihYShIcZQA27QkE3IJIN49iVdDfHKVK3Y+Yg0eXGJLU2DC2cldlM204Y0X76Rvynkrrq67XG1Ag6Bg8c4UrZOrjGbxV3fhsYazgCLzUnJ9gj1dzpOyZ3QUyd+eDpoSIsJGuZdyyaUV/4Ff5A0XaI3uawmlYt4dzPTJQztW149+XWJxAc9heeb8Pd32rynbn48nYBDlu0vu/CVZrnc/59McdfnoTjhgJ7KpZQ7hKChB8htNo2gfm5soSHHriAUTJLisO+S1brJSxvgeuvuBnq2ptZlyv7qCvSUMhfNN+ngx4LOys6RyYIWHRq0+EpTRPkzMzPDEhmn8eJyCAYajsLVaZODrv8LNBy2k4RxX3pqapPvv7SnGnpKR4Peu4BGOmcVucnYWrtTojL4GU8JzTe5CT01Z0KC0MAm5G3U2vcXh0+3PE5RzOJqFgw0nMD72Kl4oCHu6o+A3YeeMjTAHz60/5H2Vnt1BqueWGMnrKj62GDcREr6i+1wQ2ekaTaCv0Xm240VjYk2fmabOeTnytcuXtscJpRQA7gNaZihCwJU4Ef7GNX4VNAQEzWkpKS2tBOEqSUjQ9TddkfnqvboDV6Tcrhd4UGeUphcRMNFCXP0Mb3Kc5W7eVs8za/7H3VnGxvFccZx62gpnvCBoKMtIOVDpSZcqVilktfQcwGd8dm+Y+tYa2JidpGCbs/ajBPXe11jOG7ZzeaSDZHJFasCYzdwbgvU156JEI5UCC954agDiVWaGBDIBUIoUUUqhFulH2hnZvcoftnjfPZa6kj+gCwh+dHOzG+el/9/328eZXdpl2pYZuY961qCYxltbik6hqJBUGo3cnkoAWrQOVZ9aMJEg8PQsBMIHM9QPy16JXa3U0YXIRRFCHD2mME9WAJ00+vLrq7tkeOJUF0N2FY07Ws7OeDrotHI/DV/ePbcqD9k24Hq2p32/tzlRPLTVnAyH2jIP9XQDyCHB3kX3mit0iQZokgJkMbZYxFjA8MboKvjbomEDU+aW6jzhTpd2kPDEXLAN9dEI8tPLmsaJSB9+4vy6tpz9+2kpL8OWo+hD2cAGn5UTkGOpWvPzxkIn5YkjkRKrMXZY0EhKsA6WN9xaUhGkWpurq/+XcFWl7b1iQ/Mvt2aSACbTowSkP7Jp210ImtPMX5zHzJlFCPg1AxAQ5qhWY6lxCpPkn+e03gcKcjgzQegQVSAZXChfcglc/01zQ1B/y/mFbByQ0OixopUaHj46Ghq2Hsk4W07a8sMV8yWo6iN4OT0QkMnTfMcBMLKWSnuHomUILIUjhTFqkQFmK/u2j9UxWFXtJD3QHEhKzc0mH9uqCbSt+rOntEC0ofQ+zhx2ZYZPjTzgHaCkxNDQ5WrsNVDMTwngLjH1SqhSLEkUoBBkSJjExzlhv5w8st7HOeP1gXAOVvvibkFMkNWzCESjfStPnZwtFPVru4gelbb4kgleRbV1dv0WeYHDfkVKFyuFBB5TgSppf8I99wjVx+OFP6maJxrYEW32N/auWSQa/UH6iLgs/HOVZOwu5yQGraaRSJ09e1BkeoeNauyq83rbdtlK+7UTRpZieDkjEPD62YuBlK7X40NDXIQPXEQcAGoG5qAdddEqFKbeteubdTQNQCoLUVOQIO5GZsD89eseW6CbsocOg5ZwcnHnM80fEUKNqpQ/c9brRXoJuQUVeJFwOqGJFK6W6V5BRxIZzJLJI71AnpgqlaXE0DDegINgWhzYPnJk8tW7Bs3eXnbDhr+V3adKjTkQQ0xUrBRxPLFJzpKZA7KhiHzDHo9GzLDGFixVQLhSz7fJfQ7L6h9r3h6oOHhbXucQEMk0oCgYflLK/ZOoBJps7mbrEZWO52faYUGU4ZOp/s9Se55jmclQ5FZBqBXD0eLKnbR4UB4KJOpkjkxCMr/Os8BaDDToIGG0PDy4aMrJtG/8EFwUa6JzmmFBg9DCjYa1Torha5CltVUFCmakg2FpyAWVDPY6o5Gny+NIuUFm344/dBw06xO1IRCfdiqqmkS/QtW/1+zTf1iOqHBU2Vq1cog6YprComUzkGKlgydxRUKnnYL/lRFRcUgegF5wTPfK9zl0q7z/5em1HRNQ6APW1WVjitt2OHI3GXWQLTdRGee0JBXgWJpp1mw4cHVxvDIIMfyuqoh2hI1Q4eWrDvjT1acLjEjdWFxbpNs2wLFbPsChQkNDejq2zNOS2t+ThnpQ1afkzXRObY64Sw0WJJzBr3u3a6rgyyvug1J4xlcnFAFSuCBJKNji6hA9fT/7BUHmMEqT0QCDYHnJlSIsl+bvYusb+zlgqEhb2owTQjR6++Tv4fTGos+OEXSWFrQsaIMBXmcdA+XZNCqSvo/+5e9/0Th1GCWJ6KhUAgbXF78IscQ5hhoaKrPNrLenBo05JFq+MiSnJPAwEB4lgRlM1IUVLAeMg1ZyoC17T60MumUf8v1Ygeg4SxFhg0bQn3EFPuK7QjmuL3dlm1k9ToPDZ2Wzg5HpXvi92SI/qVLEqRYkmWgWcioon9/JuPLlKRT5a8XlGd4FDSsCJIDHh1bCBqGSycxKfGgwbvNeWjoMdVi3CyN8OoehyuCuiYJFDqv0P3I8KKg0hvfxN/U0Eh8o61/6pQyDaQ8QQ54BA2rK/OflHgi28hqox01rZmGlKVLK4iulKzwrOJWNU0WyZ7k0dOaZhXQ34kFHb4cib/48lSssXOXJ0JR8yocpxCVS9LImlRY5C2dGjTkQw1xU07bzcSXdvQM8mjToUhxDEmwQ0rkKF4D/SMVp0+XeAZh7PyjTbInn2pYRkA0EGkOHCORyhGap8c22GRHxy9PlGhwFhosITU3fLFoe/sgOrZUXTM0yOBntQREQMn0prLserMBAAAgAElEQVRGIgPlK9tR5MgirlbRQOAoHtzc9cIkchRUdpR8R+HQkGd94inrgHeLsYVfpSSo4U/MkAQGP6s5wABGpl7ryJDlKftogQPQcPt2LS4y1KBInUSrKRc0jKGG7FRYAHztODQMWAe8mzrzViwpI1YwUKRkgWYM7BfAoJMLrCfQ4PPdjV0v0B87Z33iyb95W+rwqzBAXLFHD0Tl3tvdFjREg85DQxKolk5tT1Vc4qCBIqUrnEjh+XD0ZQHIgi4EDYgaMr0X5s1zAhqu4XJMM4rUqslCQ+0MQkMrk/XfTafjGs+qiEN1hRcBlnRiGArwAt3Va35Tb64rLnYCGkgjZAOK1B0EDS9V5m81cfMBNJQ6Dw39QtZ/19MZt942Co4UjzvURApwYjV2qkAr0779W05Ag+lqFUKPm4nFHnJYNj3wd50aNORFDaIlPM4yrt7WQZZDVx9Ox4g4y6CQq4/x40ghaiixLPimPdVAVFcDkUDIFOCc/38CDaYNmlt4rWj3zjiUFF1S3DrLiSKOnKRR4MCrMaI3vfZubLcz0LDbD1qiwfq+32JoeHb7ZHIUAcuQ7OeOZxqesmzQ3Exs4Y0whLqCbkIUKRlb7mlAkQGInS+7lMHSPb2xCRMNBVLD7YdHLrErdMuekzjTUPrv/KHhHQvh69u+O2PQoFJn5gygSCkoUqpbgxK23JOBygPwwrayIfOA//N3pg8aHmb9K8Q/u+YoZobh0mvfzJsatmZF60pnAhoMK3vV4+mBkCWRUiVIrKt4RoWA+viEBaLtZ5yBhsc/xa7QwehqxAzLny59P39o2BC0ROuOzAA00Fkx+7QrCSGv6JruNjhWxiVUKBgCoLdttkC0Y4sz0DC7CUWqJRhZjZhh1Z7KSehAdWcFJy87Dw1xyyuVozyeFIQcOtB1t8KxPNZEFlkFvW5utScJNAyV7XMGGuZjV+j6YODYI6/CcTmKFishumtq0JBPgUKAFjSIrsYOCGVy9Sk8D7FeLcXpNPDf6OhBcTpdsjL8p4nV6qacaiAjl/WEGcYUcnJDQ1ZwMjJWG+T7MwANz5g5GgUrNe/eJPKahPNZUJLQyY9/ePrdos3tjWsbL93teKPIofXY9o3+jccPY2Y4vOFXk9GZJvNzAfBG4Y2QeVODX7DeOrcWLrzhFzkJMQM64DUOnfz4B9a+/faF9pLMkqp0+OMFCxxJNXz7/tm22vLuwzjRsHXD/fyh4T9EHr8uCk5NFRoeSQ2L37J8UWVwfs6cE35RlhAzGDJUWBrnl9HRtan4etd+n29oZW94W7Ez0PDk3iOJRHnlMIaGixv+kj80/DhoyeP/3nFocKVNX1S0ydB/kGQECUcKHfCGgE5+QXCrdNe8z2OdmYyrqrPsPYeg4fFrKxKJtsphnGi4eCR/Zvjj+6Y8fr2NjsO0QkO2kANF1yxXCkdKR5HiWRUjO8O6FWpd8Y6yq76Mp2p/7HOHoGH2O8erE20HcaLhTuVkBKdPmR46weonnO9pSJqGCarY73KtjDNQk3Aph+cNhOz4RwOffOPX+AE9MpKM/cAZaMCSRcHqxEF8E/6Xu/OPieJM4zhSbOA9TTyz1sYfNZozHlfCnL1kNrir/zSuIhnADIiRGYzIiyyDBbY3o9DuuOs6ulAXuG4uFdladr1QyxrOi3F656m5nMGemhOCv4Ipf1hOm5JrNGTRpmdy977vLlUPd9idhfXHJCbsH6zhm/nxmed5vt/nr1Wb4sqZfj9sQZyRIDTEQA0e2h1e3CWlZu6QGBY/+vBbIN6Sjd6X0f1rOK1PWr927fqx4NUnsmcSaVBM3FBV05bXFlbqUFVj7NCACLaCmJ6Mzyw0TC807AW4gSpbyU6og6rSj04xfNtyA5sD37pcYHvKvjqzP8gJlpb9CYBBc93mYs3fzy9t/P77xtL8eL70bBkoqc8DLb9OBBpi7E8cBbiB6mIsxH0JFRmfYui25QQuN7512cA78y53eIMiL1gG3kkAGg62IKU09k98d9246cTva3J+1I6WfpoaVuUipUzRzBNTCQ3p6QOkKOOkd5IPkENKOVwsj6sMMq5scXRGxl47VgqqH2Xpp4Zl+ZsLd/0maoFw5sxr/zCeWvmeMef8zNih4fUv88givlvJsFwqFH4WipSEP0iQc2FiZzkDz2ALL0Ksd+fMuWT3+pFSZVd+px8aTl/PybmuxQ6HG42n3juFlIonvumuCe+gNX2dBMtlKmTQjcnBAz9Od1KgzUWI3WYQILrwnLhSmjG/wYzOKQV2Nc3XDw2reo3Gv2nNOB4zrjt06tC6mrgCp3uBqb4E5MbOoforDWsYq0x2wbWjDz0CdCKlELE7DVbWQKoNjCdtUasUFDkWPnOxV6zQcMLo8zVGKyLMmjVj1se+qj8e+rzKmB0PbawDeUipthOJQ8PkOyhoiB59bkj1pKa+/a0quDCH4nEZmsMWXoMD4dX9e1gpAdovRgvGj6FBcWyTsea4Vph0Y9Xnh7BSc+OAhjs+pFQe8L31HKAhJZ+iBUhtJEMBs4stAuey8ehidAKOuCcwNKScLbSoUmu3t0X3IOTsQpBXYgKa8wrbqwsLq+PchvnbDwvLW/YmkAgZxyTkPYCUAhaSJv3ADFnRZWPRxSgCEbsnCDTMu9wFFSnQXnn12f2JGPwTn5Rjpag9GkurvvvxZE7p9f+8EQ80vPnfW2d8NcfeTAY0HLEDRrCCMnIxXyZKiSy6GHlKZLBdAENDxt/LoeLt7q4s1t2f+MNupBSgP9PYP7H661L0tDysuY1iAjWs6vX5Nh1LSrjTGgisAgOUNfhndIfnbS5RYGX0Qk3cEwQa5lxSsVKByis6oWHr6duIGNEz67YWNVzPMSKl4gx9PHnmTFRL5tRCw3orUooGUiqpO0DIO12cwLsNVkjcExgaMubvUVXF091pbtINDbdMoCQPtB1fPuF4TA29xnXGW/EtqVh8vMbn6131ehKgIbOHARAp5Q/7L7FSTl7gHQ6aJe4JDA1pi+5BQfF3e8wHdUNDDSBKZWu5KGp8Ves2ZcdXpPjY17Y7qiUzDmiIgRqO0hSEFBUgEU+tED36kFKcQQa8gEuAGBrS7puxUu1e8z91lxpqgAkpdeat6GHSsz42IqUaNds4E8Kd7nxp3H1mAt8un5kMaEjZX7zzQEPktz/ZSDFWyOI+YSSngcduxk/tgztaJUlRq/X+Jy3UhgULit4Hu7R3UGyd4rZHTNAQMzUM29Wuvsh67GGaKOUyOKyRnAbB8qd58y5V3rzZKSmK5YLeUkO5qYJUx5s0V13+8MMbk62yWjwdMdKxUcPCS/byA+eOhD+co2ikFC8b3HQ4p8FgxS76fO+OQayU2qQTGpZZcJBobT21XXNp1eprk6ywmlhFvJOUGOnwEVCg0h75OQgiSsmRnAYH3YIe+hc8X436kVCqzgbF1vO5uONSW5KrzQSHT/98Ko8pDnfKDKhQ6hkfcSBKcW70bhPOaZCpXQgaBjq/GvIipcp0NiiWnqfqa0kk2DWts+TOqrjjohc/FQ44rTkNmWv8qiD1RD4ISCkoiA4DF8lpcIKj6FHoDaxtxxffzl/phIZGEiRaYdLKg547NztbV0DU3KmAhhgaFCtaVTUY1vntFRZ8Q8cGJj6S04DbE2n/rmwfCSCloP1INGqYpNTQCHA01AZg1Cg1zJoxqVIro59XzwEanjw20y4eCLLDBgFNzPZOsp8y37PDIwXGxji1Sd/37osk/hdsnJ2SxCNGaNATJa0ysgBY2SFa0VUpk1MMc8KNzptBqT8U4tVL+qBhb2R+uKQs7v3YiVDD1ELDU2WHjdANKd7tFhmKImZ7nqy1vNo9KHH9oX6lrFkfNTSEZzuL8gqj9ydiOeJcPzFdMdKZ2GEvMzTnkDmaAths7xCo5jlzHtmHRqUgUort0pfTsPWkSXNicZqOqY6RTo38e+21X7YD3kUzokPmKZq8PbthblZGxr/Mg0NKcCzUL9h15jREZju3gLsJniVTsHtCLzQgUnj8UwCITspqM7hYQJOmoWzduCgt7VtpJKCIoZBfaNGX0zC3rURzYnGajmdDwxfpOqlhUTjkiUCDh3KKALocTgEQ6yBOT8HVCGmtX7GFQiK8sVDXLOSdcDzm+MTiSr1/emy7J5YnHxrOYjcvR6PHIAM5BgisFXT97OzslD2d3crYyMhIKKjTQJH/05rd7S8gNPw5fmYYxoNZPIWVEtA9HivVkf7w0byB9oC0LazUQ13UUG0a90bufzWg4Rxw4Q4rVorlKJplGVD8TdYvMjqGPEEk1Ei/FM1AMQk0HBhfs0vHvR87kefB9EEDdti7YVgpHiClaOrcoy+WPLSPBiNKFeuDht0Fmt7IlwQanjiww162AgopxbOAYVmK/jAra36zeVDyY6Wckj4DxdLISPqCkpyXGRqeOCDEY1iAYhgrLwArK1DM8Ir76FG4XnGi+9Q2Z+VnuqDhxLiL1GR8AaBhSbrOBkXaT9SQiWN4bDRRirMCyOJGNFKqLzim9G9Dh+0pA0XspYZx31oR6NWxIjtuaJiZdGjYS8xynMBxoo3lOSvD5Oa32Dv24AmjsW39fi5o1ldqaAhvCtuyATS8gNCggxr6sMPewYeV4ngrQ1uu2M32Kzc8EsLSfhvvr9RXaqgLByps+QAcTLTUMF3QEBc1LBzADns3y3KcTQwr1bXLbr+aP9CpBELb+oO839ysCxp2EndW0ZYC8JdXAxqIw17GSjk5VmQZhrLfQEo1dXQq/eicwko91AUN4dDHoor63MOvBjQQh71LQEq5kFICw4C6art9oMmOlBoLOZFSHd/ogobwo7CoouTd1a8GNJAYHqfAI6X4sFKtHqnyXp/kV+RQyM9Jnjpd0BBJiq6tMO3Ofu7QkLUkPQFqINiQuZ7Yc2xYKSfPixAp1eeVKlv7pCAfCsk2Lui9EdMs5P+dNYsjgQq1FSCcIbpyOpkhqdAw+9NmPOPYTEYfWZdDtKG7l9MhQtrcPTjksZdbBRZCnlfUOl3fT/Keaz8oKCjJqd734kFDHP2JB8PDDwg0uNHFyMpuzokFw/nI3u7Rbq9dHVcKXtAFDQ34HENK1ZeUfrQveaWGaYCGyxcv4mbjAHY921i3zLmwYLJIWzxDo91mpBQrWLFSlvwo0KBNDXW46L6loKC+vnTXsuT1J6YBGnrae/AkJHHYc7zDxbkNIuuQOUrtHBptNR94rJSuqYatJO+5AinVVnP3pYaGVKQU7lAQhz3POZy4V88bXDxQO0dHO80HLBApJfCKouqaalhK4kA3oNtUW87tlxoa8DmFuxR4jMHBigabiF5xOHQBAsU/NvY/6s43tonzjuMoCV1225sivwGqbZqElgwpbpFi17UVTQYnjh3joSfEyLkDGew07mUKecJzlIQY36wbBhQSEaHGxZTYTE0WTyaSlVSwlgoF6nTrykmQGVfkRVUtgNUNiGxU9UW157kzSropzeVK5nKKZEWyZOmre57n8/z+fH8xbsqP79JEqam9v1CVniB+z82SUtEzJYeGH38Panj0xb0MpgYrSd6EAdQghD9QELJaLl6IJDhpQ/cDBrCmzWpCDZLfc3M3Vqq9Y0x9qGGV2Ym1h4aXT5wzmfqOfbDu0C6M8AivQhqvRsTqKK2PTjY1mYfqWQgRA8Qcvf+8qp/Y7mpu7u122y5NGA7ue34jDU9utnFc280nG58QoyK8CkOIpCl8WqwUsqbTGc4HIKQByHuEd7ep6Z/4oLGrudPZ3WkbnjDs3vf8QsO2f5ja2vo+fafyY4LweDFCxOPty0dRWhZWm82ZKR/gsVIY48FyrpDfDQ1/pHo3dTptbtvwWcPh7xNq2LKllNBQlkwI+IkTq6cQ3q94rBT59FOUDvDX0umFKR8jKeURWVWukPvIZCm304uVmtTPP7/QICvFRcrLSSInQO42dEATYLFSDiDWms1z9VgpRAOElTqsChpm8eXGS5SanPwvaniuoKGcFDkKpBiSJHJCIBymSdEoS/IUjGixWOJ+lubxhg49cGqnqkLIBqN7k63X7bUNj0bPlh4afq6yrOGli0Mcx/Vntm4liRxIUJ0OaiBRyk8TpRJ+FhGleA+a+quaUMMLUXvnpm6slHdyVD+mOtSwyuzE2kPDEdN45vW5/oM/WXeYooM0CiCIL9BIB0IA8oQaOCHC8+Ewk/CIQ8dU/cTJRruzy2vDz6XryssaXn7rrUWrx31HTp8+emhtoEFpqGGAi9TVRbiHGzeatEjDwBDN06SVkAnhExDVpa8JtAiJUjAvtl1VFWo4obV3Od2SUoaTikMND775ZvErX83+NjX9YA2hYWVq2HZrKHmtPNL20ebK/To+CHiiVEADKJoHIYgy5uxUAisVDAAxL5qOqspPHKZcXb3yO9V6WTE03L5/f/Gf+zOtqen1JYUGq8CI+TzE1FDncIQCIMDTEIU1Pi2CAC/E2vQCG+P5UDAERDFuOqmq5TJFdXV1S0qNGq6swr1pSTZjOmVITZcWGpJ4cXnySIiUW3X+AD4KIcJKhf06SDMhxKfN42ych6EgD/JivO9PaqDh9nWslI0o5R1NKYeG18aWdFO+16HvGSstNERIkaNIC8mypJYNQ6IUgsGQw88zNFbKYomxIoSBIBI8YuzcL9VAA5lhXVSqfRVlDTUTi9mMDT3RaEfNM4EG1dRwkYtbc4XEUGbrRQqEERPGrxQMQp0vBFCIUEMCEKXCNEb2bzk8LVsL+b+hhkZj8ejztn+mONSwYWKpUi3R9s9+9oOChqJNdMZ0dN26g5TOwdIYGmgI/JjmAxoeNWUFfkHkNR58Mibnzh1S9SPn9xidNm9zc6fNqXgi1YGDra2fnCj2WxxoJH3B9X9YC2hQGmq4xyWrLFUWK3dv45N3KVLZB4lSrE/DkzIaPj0u8FY+pPHwQExGbqmChkMHjstKuW3OIwqhgRg3GFJfF790V+o1f/+r1VDDqqBBQajhalt5LX6Spr9XbtsrK4WwUn6ggYwmiETzgCDWQawUwp8jp1TlJ350Ya+x1+YmSg1eUJifuD3fipV6eomckTqor5cUGmJMntRZ8YKVdNj7HQxWCmGlaA1NY6UK6RFGtMKAxkMzYnX/VVXQ8OLsoL3b5t7U7O4e/FzpmT9r0OtTxW9facVKGalUSaEhQROhPIirLo/oKL+fwRs8fhxQwyBNmLaah+hIEoZJBFDMmI6qgYb1t2cbZaW83dG3FULD2I2GhoannPBaVDKkuVHS7gkOSUrRieqyuFbr99OSUrQDUzuvCdA5C4YKESsVBCiSNf1eDTRsqNEbXTZb56ZOb++g0pP/rL69PdoxUTwVB4nNirHlmUDDstTwnQmKl37VFpdGdyUGKioGKJ3fJx19iHEEwyCkCaGcVYAFYoIfAFBMmv6mKtQw1mHEeCUppVda1XBGUqqmOJHDTtnx33uryE6sOTTs7JdGSzQNkHqF8wf3OlgmtpAl2xaBhjCdnRPEbDIUDgfYuHnhnNqmyeNOqSKk2blfETDs3r27tedfj88YTkmUcl7nkjqo6/etBTQojDQMxAgzVFliA4QgTPUOwPBWK9m28L0Hr8aqCCOWi1gpni3Uji8DDStbNWzvlXpNOrv2KICGB1/PzHyi76mZ6DHMS9+aLnZQv/+ghNBwK14rPUOfVlZuvtq3yw9osTrJ4G0LgiBejekRWkwTpSBrNY/sVmnVcPnNblkp1ykF+Ynb8zMzKf3kK6/cKU69nJXcfW3ahi2lg4Y6gZc2+DxJUNTFphxEKY8IHGGSJ9TwMD2ExFo+EA4joTrdf0QdNLz4uUuudnfb5xUBQyrVQsw07+hlakhRtmZiszJTQmiwylXsWKlIeXldjHX4sFI5EfiDJE+ogaKZg4UMUYrmMmaV0LB+/V2X3PPstU8rgIaxGy09+tHh30yO6mXPv6hks9K7rKHo/wMaIoLEoR5RSJaVWRM+nQ8gMc/juw3JE2qQmMNHYYEPh8NCIpMxHVBpI93hkvsCuu01ioBBr4+2Dw9fam+YkJs2ZZuVVfVsLg8N6soaLnLSEA5LpO1RRcUXD6fw0QcLOd4HME/xGNnzBYGXlWKRxfotaKhUWNUg2Tt1yd3hvYNKGijOYKWIRSRWShK2xi4p5TKOKQ80rDk0HBuRoWHuHHFUeMPECQK3sMBpAxqC8EE6OY5hISuSlzDbNKDa32l7cXygc5eC4Md2ymg0dj/esWPHY4OUzjgtd1B3rqr9QnmkQVmo4WG8qspyzVIVf4j/+bK/TQBYqaRALEfxasSXnRFWrE1KSl1L93+k1hTy6fjAJV4Nyzo5XdhF2Y320Vc//PDVswbJJHLv0w7q6bWDhhXnT/SNy9AwQkqOPz5HlBrKjk85SHsAmZ+T7QcFM1EKcmbz0E6V0PDrYotcs/34ytBwt5Gya+3SqOxJg5Si2NVV7KD+c+mg4elR6KFjZFa2IAAAErm4n7TKYWQPoUxCSKYj+BRAsTS+P6uFBqO3CA0KogWzRspOuaRR2XdaSDrjbaP8RvY2XikZNJQli0ehh0BDWZwoJcSsMdIqx2Nk52FGYKxpEX+JGTFnl2vJWREa5u3yUeg13l0RGv7ZQmGlusio7H+PdkjOj8VWxK7BkkKDp4hXSTKMAgvFApinSScFYoIayBdYOpfDSuWF8dfn+i6rhIYGe2dxiPyKRQ0/rYlSRqIUmbHQ3iHlJoqtiPY3nw00qKKGmwkZGgrclxUVjwY48k5FChwxd6fJdD0xwqJcLpTPh0HBElnq77SaUMMLUZfsONBrXLmBomaQHH3OvyyO7dDL/RfNxo4fEDQsjTQceqM/a07GmfrfnSadFDyAISBM+dk5s5jPJYaasqYDizUGe/bsXEXYYbsMpm7Xf5i7/pgmzzzuTf/QJ7nkAnhkHV62nBcxudh5i634VudwIH175YW0UlZbFrBFS9WXtvYFKQUre0WZ/BBiboieFG54Bzem2dFtNweKmWU3dcQcIopRhgeGeNEQOfeHWe75Pm9bkGy+LwaG9R/awB9+8vb7fJ7P9/v9fBTi/5tkjUVGMxbLO5g1FBGaEjlId80FaZAoNUxVGv5X2fZS/ISPt6q84Oju1Pl8dt5u42+dx99GU2OwXXU5zBMeX/Q2dD6RbgqpdpCnxGLYJLp0+YMao+ry0B93YdpwHbKyvw9vUGs++fWyZXNDGsSlhqlKwzfexvj4Cacu2bsLNilMujKnnbfauPEBjBRXndg6mTB0d0taVXGs5P7EG0RUkcloCaRhCMz+PC6asAYiNVyIbFAXzb/SkA1KQz3vzB7rddutuUCvYszmMrcOI9U2sKEXCnywseFJmAlUXPVWdc+ANBBRRaZ3STB4GkEMq2dc9AeRrOyRUPIniwZfEKWhnvfhY89tDdQl22H32Vxi4jFSjf3tgNT49spJ84/uqrS8OzMgDSQyCcSCEVHSkIFRZRma/gKzhg6SlV0k+Ghhyv7XF0Rp8GPYHvlMVjun0AFlN5WYdTqbzT/WW5bdyw30102KdCcz0/I+l04alBSpNCwjQSw4jmi9EZAisZdwgT6uCdmsoKhZIg3PMdbwlNJQzU0kTfjM1kAlmEhDcpUOF3RrU1Jvb7aTT0rhLkYM6zq93mt/kC41nNUIC6oOtE5MaoiqocgsbggpwKYmfNuukd6d+LlmGraDB0OFqh//GBzILViwyUp25bRWk7/JbK/ubzIHqqtVpeFsqP3pyGZDQmaFtPaEhqGNRpoxFIprH1CkXC6W7oDcy0z4SB2yXZHW3JgxafhM4kxDSnim4eVmbmX8muD5FO7KYwVsgLntWrvb5zfbW1N8Zr6+URVJuuxUyK02lPxN6O0SUdawScNYWKOL0ewSJQ3E7M9Ds/Turq61RT1AI8KR9Ia0GQw1zDJpeKWzLjLTsPhi3Xn848L23OI7YN+3zwRINfn5wK12J8+3VnrDSnJsgVxu1aKs30uVGl5VGDwEKSpf1KqB7B3CYPybkHvZBzQidBTKqIzfzedMQ3Z4pmFlmyl7LClprJcfbSYbYGarVoeR0vEDE06ew0hFaEIVUmCkyo9IJQ3HkAOQ8jCoT/S0hyLFMvirCsGXZN2iL+TNpkcj80caVk6ZaVjJOQlSfu5+NXjLlJhtNt7Z1Kbj+uvdOq61riFME74rR1qrAuXHSiUNQ8jhMrIWjNSQGGlYBwKMkWEtNIRlb4ae887QUWiciXo1lzMNKQIpfWTiN3AKkuJos5mdPpOdG+s12euqVVVhmvB5FkZKLi+Q3p5ADEHKgW6I9ibgJmPBSFnIBfooPhxDceEyGq2aHdLwPGMNU2cahiH6Mylpoq0yLqA9CEhpIcrYbG8bw3C1+bkH/wiVvcvJyGaVKw5Jlhp2UvjoY2nGISgNz5IaiqB80x6WNpLcy1VAI0LebB61dKFh7rcnSlWt27ePw/bEgr0h1aG1asE2uc1Z4tRqm8a3/3G8zZqb27KrIW9bmDP8SQ0xAiU2tRSLyD37Uw9VFCOXh2E8tEj+BLxyHBC566Bpevfbb9dego+yHCEhOn9ulAaJ/QmuHt8HYXvi5Qf++KQ1wWCw8erSK8jqK3ErbPUp54PtJoxUVov32tdhzvC13F5C0jGfSJAavjycmnqigCDloqfmT/xEf0LtgchdBpDq6rreBzMOaiZ0K+ybQ9LwWynbE/Fke2Kxt56IDsHK0iV5SOcrMSms7RuCwXY+WdWSo/K+HxGSD5HEVaciRwppeOPk3tS/XKJoBiPlQfvFSMN6KFtGQMqyeu1aJdwi74W8zY1ocB5Jg7ATANsTpFUxloT/cd9Gc3JdWZlZocNIrZngA3UYqYYrERvpLci0L2afW94ghTQcGOkbOXZWA0jRDCXq7zREypbGA0jdFkjDUIiI0ujCC7E9sRBaFWNQ7bnRhwGFuaxMp+BTFib219sDuS0t3oa9Ee0qU+7GSJnQ+1JIw7HBkTBSDeIAACAASURBVMH1NQYXIOVIf02MNNwgdxuNi6aNN9+8SZSGGygs2a+b5+2JbLI9EVEdHvHtKVqtqcRnV5gm8CPmswa4nJzyzNRISmyOwgdOBShVAmmIOpqxs+g05XBBQdfUSBAlMOtkCFJwFJ4OfwSNHPUstSeeizU0c01jmCfU3Z9UHSZyVwwrtO4Sn03rBqScVp4LBHIrmx+G7kp/TobE1RK7vFuK1HDhqxuf/h15CFLhHOtnSA0gwOgdBlgJm67JGI6/SKRhD/FpKHhv2nzDtiyEULqfvE/MzavYs+D1yb/ZIoSRH5RL2IU4cGlrRsbWvBwKE1NaU/ileCeDweyAMhhZI93xTsIhwYia1C0POjEnpEGi1BDxaRDmG/BJGKy/unRpZzIg1RSEVz937fKZM2cmhxjKtfsAqTLUKU4a9mcmZCRszSukaJZ1UTnvippCUi4ZS1EOFt92OqKUF+CjHoqo7gwF6xPL5oY0iEsNEZ8GTBrC8w0FS2IL0jFSya2J8NrQUnonNjZ2SfgSGJsFlogQF9ot3p84mUaQUmtofH9GmaJO0vfw82NEGgaQ2r1aSYbcEkhTVm9If20eScPCiE9DiDTAcvi30dGVCoTkgfFgIn6m2ls67/xqiqpwRK0jSJnkEiwi95YrryuVPZTBwhoZCaOMg/jcsyCNR4+RWt2hJCSjkEwU6TVn59XcqZ0L+TRESEMS17xohUqOkCLQT56p+pbivy1ZPikr3AVjfPzSpS8XpQzflSZgpBJ6kAMj5ZgWP/EjT8iyrxCo6xqXnqUtNz9W/oYkDTgAKTZ8PMyTuVPEp+Gp+YaUXECKF85GP9f8+NUp25aHiSViTIw1S5w0rFLu2LF5x/HNiDGyFoO8VsL4Ay5IyEDrjbRl4ykSAX0aMQJjV84aaZj5WEOc4NPwYHjafMNwAJcpbQipNtXow7g4CKogd6VXrhDf5Jh9Wq94AsW9T5SnTm3eeRZ5MFIaTbhn9dOkodCA2QEyWDBSRmH64xe1QsOMRuekdyd+DkfIdysqBMWgWJVISMIDwgVObDvRcEtgEY3T9IFNQtmKsWeJp1VlZnwEA435mfiZReUSHCHLDZgdsC6PUWZ07bxE/uD1csRYaANKOzA3pCFasiPkqJBziZ8xIjUI847d/+pWjePyvia4pnKaPwPJloNsx3LR/YkTaUUfffjhfxPyyjFQ8sz3filKGgodMoeG9XhYjJSyh/zO95soglTmDzPwd5pt0jDpCLl48dVGwhnO14Get7y7uFslFPjpE+53SaIOZDvmiUoNh7fWdr311umELTkYKUX+U7/2o6zh35RHZjCAbZbMgpESvtHplMfi0lA962fg7zQnjpD1G8h8AxHdQWlojo6O/qx5tDMXaGhisF/19PhCsVC2Yg4i8bjsQwlHb9++3aHsKcRIqSWsP1xAtB7TUIbWy2haKXQzhjQal8VFUX3/nF8bafA5DM83jJECD+V+RXPx3krhkRrwPm0FWYrI3QZT9m5R0lCasHvt2tsdCT01cAUYFHeE/BQZWXwaMBa9nqY3CyX9HCYRFg+lPvef+SQNEUfIl9pDkyC9fMpLKxfdbx6t9ofb+HFHpn5t8rVCmXILruzPIg1Ryh0fbNz4xanjSgqeqVopnQzWiGgLIOVy7agNfWbAnyB1UdTskYaZjzXEPRwdHY6Dn0Y5QkOTmurg7XDz6IMmAammykVxU8verv8zd+5BTV15HEfHjrsHl7Goy/joMmN9rcsQ0TEh3mzdSmtMboEwhASJj9klImIwZFN5BKita6UoIMJkBHkIakWRtTjUUXdxqyiIFOuOSlFrxzfdTquoU1enw3b2nnPPfSSQe2+EIOcvuSGROXNyzuf8ft/f90ffbSaulAeL5SeuNinCwh99U6ewwJnK5FJWYZ5Ns/RakKCNTphitSdj2yw1sGm1Nv7bRQMNw9nl0m9LxQ6ICJzesaiehoZCt6qFpRgaYiNEPzNfCfWM7yxXJm7JyZd05hcALRENvTezs8lV+B3vb6Ku85A6Dmz1SaTB2/4T95LK58xZeL6e0TtSF+rzMF2xsNQNGgB915m4JlW0fiLD8CkcD01VW6Pyd7m+NmB+4vseYKY41ErNVDR57gX2dmrXADRML3wHDRKogbFC6Uh6CqGhnPHbuZ/7FG3w1FHosmnfhtJbOCLTRKEhzfA2HE7Tyc1Rexa4vjZwqKGJMAMzNOjOjiZMV5l7AIEmimgaJDScWTioAVkTTdHHP8G1WFs4+Qc4jl5QdaNIw3WVa3/LDii9hUMcGvriS764FX4r/JrhH3d6bko685tJLaAglJopG9GO33FWSc8U2TRIaFj7hyEZNel/PnPmzJzDV95EY2eOai1aU9+69rcMypDRE/UBEC3BPJTnDH9EjTrLzNDW0JnuY6DiiWKjHeihQTc1U0yNZUMl/eXTtL5KaGA7XWIlyE8ra6kf+AUDe0vHuEBD57qJOM63XwQaAp3JqAqCuggHOgwlUs78UCI6mkRW5tlGkoEMRzGeKcdQQcPLO0NCP+lShFPL0i/hB70Yr2p7Xe9KB9ZPxHE+0WaXdxS3wuGiUt9YdPpGA6+RtacExTgnsBuNyKCbmikn4+1kpGequGFEQoNfYm4h9Ltn9Y75qrWIInLd0gJ5eI1F6kQ/Mq3kHTQMGZL/iniAagCsZrMxj/8026rXkjG7fAAN3vfH3pde++xIrYpFhLZCyAznj6jc7KMj6DX2ifyyWP3Eap0TQcOnyqgBXh0w1PCiWYZqAKiZIjs5lmgm7Farlsh8ITU/4S00eNO0ampbUs0RaqY68Hcs6HIN2uDr3boK3dWsxBt8llj9xElTKIKGt5V7xo51/xUP+YliAuWbE8xm0MV9t4pRJkhW+WBQ0HBiwpCMEzXpe4+Ul6r+F4DG0Z0V5SjSUHM52IUEbuOYzEdAtICiRfnki1uoDOLO669LixOc1RCov1yCWcurljirIbV6a7Z0g6fd3i4pb8bsQjRTFRdx+duh3G/Rmip00y60YBBdIRNtRpGjXB7+aPHixX9SH+Tt7oLjuIwgUdM0s51XLXFcBqPLNukGTz5sWAVDDSs/+vdfP05fhqEB6/3epc5GF2jYhEE0VjNdLNJgSEbMgMX9koYFEDbUCsycDfhPbQn6BCNwDBU0vJzHEx7fJR0uf1ab3vuY1TssQyrJ9H2u294V+Yd0kD0iWCzU0H4N1mo9WvxZv2pJj6EGBUD1zdSGzlN7hBlAdILebCQaJGYnhhca/KoyKnI5vaPfqaLC6+8tearaPs+9BRW6QK+Q0Ou600lDg2M79+fmZ20WVFlkAFxiSRZxfxldTGgl0nwBDd53uvyuNynpMqt3nPRlbs318wvrS79yM2Zoo5OFsTKmfMJj/cQpXSMNDQbOCnJXVNY2ofzEiyZcYqknuji/J1oAkgB6fjsCoOFX1R1XVKqvL7CVzS25Nd1LuutV+W7bdpocRt0/XKO5K2bVsN/0hIMG5llW1n7P1DBr1n/O4RJLK+BCz+20cM0s3YzHl9Aw4cSlQjhTARgaxneoyrvPd+9VubNBaiTc4T9ZFyGanWg593cYaaChgZE6dnXtFrSPzsRyPjPg3qSkjVLskrWQPoWGMbMvwaayX7I181mq+rVLumtyXYsrg4Ii1sH8xAeReaLZiXwaGh5tUPPO/9YbQoLGBw0aLOezA+73Mumq/GjJWkifQsPoZbVQMoM+DcXjd6SXv0tr/1ygYa5mPTwL/yZPE9M0BFrqaGgoqwzlLKEtBoEqiHGjHASW82WT3AeRNqyFDBwqaBhM66oxP+5IQnpHJvRQePgZqqZ47LrtXQSxdEimTdTgCUPDozJO4vLgdCtMXXnWQloIXGJpYwWmYYtooxQ9WSkx0DDM0ECd2L/hKx53peTCblb9jBjTwJqNG9cACV5PGQYaGpRRTEuJODkAIEIQG4rob6OZByVpzLLT+CTS4D01TJ7832oeHVy8oipNyv2qzw0a+lJl6zeuWAfaxK2kOx2IGZYrc/AD/yKYkFlVJeTv1GzEu/kv7KNzuJzJFuE7aPCqP/bU6mq+HUoLNVOqinz3MriQVbLYjSsiZTmi/k5zdU7EDE+UjJ3dAigDAaknPYcaZjFmTtGaq+xDppzJqB4R0DBhwg+fvxkQwELD+I4KOFP9LJ1ux8hXblwZqRF3arhvakSRhg0K5rA/2wxnSrAHBWPmZCzmSILx0SKaRgQ0UCtw/lSe0c6MLGqbUhW5WzoFtWgiqZmSLxXvernZ9ARFGsoUjMt/A4yfExahIBQ2c9KTzZxJJKZ4q2QQ9S00jB79+7dwsoI+C3ekwx5N98a4QsPYPbJ1KzbGylbNFRVCOnCkoU7NHPYODZopobMfmznpCbX7I+pyUzJk0PDrQSQopo2Z9ngaq1+gwLQXzlTvj+7bXhugZmq9LLVa1OCpRxGOqKGOdYJpJWFC5rSQFhKbOSUACwsNrbjmWStg//FqoaFf7KGgYKCEQNQq6jiLktKsyvQQMoOT1TCmACjcMxJCHg9bNUbzFL2W4Hk56djK3tU+gIY5LwMNk6v51HC0paPjeX8LyL62pQAc6JDQfyJH+QRCg0PHSCDzZHa93kzGbBWwatgjsyVAi98mnjwSH4V2jdT6Ca+hwatQQz8Ttbst+QUh/fftkJQYIMtrkdB/YpMShRoMnfjl6asIrZ5aLplzBfydoGsR9KLhshOvEXaJxinDBg0BATxoCB7fl9PRMoAbw/MiDZBX3JZQcPm1EkUaFIwEcncMCeVohGAhRBP8hlptPFuG3az9h3KkQIPbwgrJyW8ZoETidrwcaNLE21cFzSgyQGj4Ro3TCm80EEYoggGChRAKYNfDvayBJ49k7D8cIwQa2MHcqPftQ9o/V2gYW5AqAzEpc8V9GkIrUaihLBmnFcY5gDEBfrGECiECi6lv6BQzSTSy4QcLa/9hGEJoGAQ19Bv38Ey5rbp//QWApW3V4h2ydyuPQWj4p7qBLbihtqAEGxCihlANSR19ZkLDhG7Cwgzi9h8zRxY0eK65kOYHOS/L5Hj40GDKYWIXdH28nhQ0d6yKAAQAOh4fsJEG+TxfQMOEyS9FDS58cHTSwON5n6T+E/5xypKHjQZdIv45Ed9jiDSh/hM/x1AzJYvnvcxGGjKl1k8MMzSgyPGAW3fIDElW0gvSlCWNTouO8WfIoi8tVpAh1LSqR0PNFNHOe8JFGmaORGhAI3hAGAg+JMnZafz9eMuxDccUBiYh0UTghIyguWM7NU9Aw7NyGoGRBk+Wvu5jRghX1is0tukUZcfK1BYmq9DMJGSEzB0fKACcKV4zoYMYr6ySRQ3DDQ3oUt0fGij0XiDNRrqkUv1ZWV2ygoksFNP7TTQh5NMUmom0fM5Rvo00DErWIHnVVeMwl5gU8qbi2oYN1xTMSvgdGc26jHtOUDQihWhxI9cWW0KkYeZrrx4a5vm/P3SflZii08WxcYUMgpkBoerLeX6Jm7JcCiW2sUeon08iDS8Xaph09LknVPA4PNZP+Od3mnTb2Y7YRWxCRrD/xPc/d/X8wn9wkzlCu3wIDd5TQ/WhIO/7AXion1gQFW/SZexnnWnYhIxg/4mrPV09f+Q/aGeP0BEFDW9+zoOGQY7nGRaFkhMxxGBMIpUiPavae1wyGCNM08Bs39XzRaFB6gi636VWK1gRwyLAYJJBaD28cbDV4VpfiTUN2SNE08DmKN4a7TaDOwW80zYIezspKpPVbK2kk8Uki9CbxjktCpdaC19oGoaAGqbNfix52xNtQHG2HXbVZTaX06xY6LgANQSOKrFYOLgKgyAqqml49dCwJUVD3V2rBv05VZtS4grgX+bPixiksLEWL/+DeGC36s2kZqtPoOHlQg0Xc+VAfmW+l9TQDxpWb85Iiys4Rf1jyynuaZ6NScj4i/fH5lNEM2HX67VkpmR/J++hwetQwwUVjH6GeA0Nbjvb9IK4zriC6fBa9H/qzjWmiXSN4/CBqqMm0uCS4LquqDFLPBTW2NqdOdkImza1S5EILVjRRO4XD9TLcmstsixnuRRICavbgrCrorKoJGYhGhc5VbkUxQQU0KM5eIE9Jsd19cPBrJzkzPvOO6WFztDhspTRDxLnA3nTPvOb//M8/7+dNQ3dkMmLYE+6nGIUWSnfCcX69W4EDUD9jBjYMFtoGLemZnZYVq367prJ7vFPN2Q0XIyaqO2JeLA9ofZ2I2joDcWw0I41s4WGLcWpmfrhZcvWb/psZIpi4Kea1qhp7ST7BtWeyIxw1xNN/gRo+OSHFAxLOD1raGhWikQw2zowkO9pm2iwNWSmM2paMWkNA25PaFzuTrgGDctm1aD4/XUEhrX86mrZY+xPmEavXBkFuXj3ybcUemP3NuaH8Kqd3U2az7dxVHAwTDkJz2DdntjktdDQUCgR7j4aGyYsmOa2uDj257dCrTTmiu/QExEFuySSzCIPvYBWGrKjCrn8WkcycTgW6DE/0DATpeE5NWcV0cMOCT1WqwNXTN6f2J8FTyqT9mbQHpSEphZNKA1YaFYhB2j44J0aCFy3oPzgHtCwxioI23t0tzCUnRp8h7WWLWxSQ0CqWGlUiqMQMPjnHIgILd26pIFWGvB9en/m/oSTTUwwFihQ3/dy1d9p/qEBzVkd2MAODRatZZzlv9eNld9SGsUHe9d9B5HhWld2RPaDa950Q0aOXx/lRA1Ps6GjhbcbQUMfGMZOw8xr2NsT5Emx+kEOR4tzjWJ1sS8kx7XncytlNY9GPqIbMhh+vZWDvyNvpBXIy/KF9WmYxAzfYGlgbL2CHRoCyuoKPmaBhhXGmuRz55JrUDeB3yyVybJz7ZQGvIZL0DWfrwRjgXKXmcFVaJgFNWxuAcPYKYJ77GXvU6v17hq2/kSdWPTzkEhNx6v/RVQpEzXx2lFDJh6TpZ+fJu7STmiASWigY9HKc19oiBbCja4ECdvwwH49WKsoZXnsF6ibgamTMpPqdJRi8rxwHNcWCpDWIg/HI7iJDb8UK+bJRnqG+xMtaKOrgQ0ZxoClMtExxiw1FItfnT179qI4ikKIaExFnpSsoIBeMlVpsNAi5v6Es/jLx4/fU/+aN2jgRA2nZAnURlc5W/l+kUqQn6mcjczQkAUnIPliPcUMB8iT0mCSMwrq27gH02iwA/4cpAYvL9MofCHwchdouCuAG13HBQNs0GDpJxIJczHLHaniizExMc1iK4QGUyWmIU8q29QlQA0ZjQoTcxMbnj4YNXm7ETRYsVjKw7CNDRrIkyKI/jIW++hyJTiparUFQkOTjDwpFXZ9REQ3ZMLlmJLHDRsetX/EcyNo+IFa+47FnrNBQ50ZLKAUMENDMzUBea6GSqgy4nh4nhyT8ivRkik4qXRPTtiQmz6HjpBz0KB4LQDGHvlpws0s0HCqFxT0vrvM/YkzajgBOaT+KxrBhid1e0RGaccqnHwQtrpEDcH0OET7o1ZXTRoWAhoKkWH7cayMZeaglHgS8iUVc8VwpebCVcs36hLK2QGwQqQGP1EKnSrkeIZfhjw7yGP+Lm7QMAOp4TkybD+KsUgNY/1Vb7dte1I1MM4EDcujjbQVJPhRD1khUhWxHNhZZeyUk9UrA0RecoCGicul/sQMoIGb1IAM231ihSxSw4t+w8OQpEZCzwQNH29VU7uW1bvgzNYdHLzjZMj3+R8AdlaHcbJ67cHvcIIGsIzpTtDQJ6Ccj9MkLNAwDExBBhuJNsY7Sg6+igFXbjmEhutweGMPLjZBO6s8TAOkvi7v+bvmHxp0VKqLT0oDCzRQpiAVOkYbad8ySFcxMcooAA0jlTCRJB5TnpfLQZ4zKFuHp/P9n9U1/9CQkIAM2gkWaFAQFYNJD+t1BYzQQLs6UZkIgThkhcOY0ojsrHYCcKj25HSt4HKzi9Awc7eGD8Mop+NjggqWsteR2PiPbW8N5h7G/kRW+g4ADf8SQUsYE5WzkYc1PQINmXgVFk+WdzDzMi01BAe79BHa5LXQ0FCACryPkMXDsYR4SAVqaxmliF2vkBUkXMw8qEJzRVEeehBbpNoDXw3L3AcauA813MPyUQhAGzM0WBMHO6EXcDfT/kSt+g2ygiwDP0o0SO1T7E8FC9CaDNjMqZ0ZNHzgFtDQh6ztj2MlzAU+pwqaAb91tOixL21l4hvIoAGUtgBhHlL74gKigX4XHgm3a7au50YNbgUNRAIdArCUZZHSANPRGnUXmO6wisnnIPk0fHXw3TUYKEEt4QpMplugdZVHDXEvamig829iI5ihAdmPdtaXM3Yo9ErIDDHVu+5v4tkU5HDZSBNsyBx2KWHQvaFBiKzs01qYoSHA3JgELkMUIzSIkKvTZSkKlEBuHp5G2JDZOcmHYe4vV6FhxmMN/0FvgT4pBPPnroe4RIXpdDBKDdFGCA3bh7ooC3uqIS8X8dpBQZfH27ZrgoPnhBkWHhpKkPdqvkDPfBMdol3BaO+03BEaZPQEVoOHxxEFKmJ+OEjGOlGmrQ1yA6WBs9RwGnmvfo1ZmaGhrx4EWXVuM3Qw7U84QsMJegJLXr5yZWEUKmKRWM7Kly/f//HH+5eLEhqQ9+ohbJi5wJup+MuQKoVr0FCGzsYPL12y5Go0KmIkiC5Z73Xz8eN/zwc1zDs06FJoa3tmpeGC7klnCPlnG6FlDqqKgS/QFDQ8QDtbGcB64SZaJiRhy+TtDTIpTIsSGvahEIDdEmZoIN9tqCQrgglWfQE0nCX/UtCgxP3Q2TTx1jYh4d3vMA4U4tb21s8WJzSg0LwEFmgoIwYhNDzRXWWABj4NDecAGPBrbL45fE++kfYxDAc+hoG5ucbABYWGGVLDZmTQ7hPGAg1tVVRkzPe6U65Bg21MWwZaV7TZsQoYgp0fGmJJ73CRGaYKDX8+NARJqG/jXszJnOOREkVO3H4Pj9IKChoay6drT1yk2hM2aAD2DEW2B2OUx/IstVisTi1acGjgLjX8VxCLDNunmjqtHrf29naPr17d39gJ8y9/HGAaaphoTxRNhoaVWvQoBNBwokssEom73s19f2Im0MCJGrrRtzEt1Mna5RatPseycdkzlGQVUs/Yn3BsT9igQUBCw5JSzM8GDaYrIvKkHtxfhNBAJ++mNDiBhrHi3pySVauGiYdQaeg0ME419Di0JxygwVst97NBw1MleVLpXOIr3QYaBgTHqFSXfifQ8EKhVwz7LrOgJKsQgrE/YXFoT9hDA49Xgx6FABpaRVKpVNS+GKHhG6qRcwy75wQazuToFSQn1BGQGZIeEmdca0/YQ4OnpyzPBg18ZU1ycjKnmci5hoYZjzW0pCBB9LST3sWv9+6d3rxhaa+BgoZLxKdM/k5Z6Tt2TLQn7KGBN0K/L5PQMHJbKk1OllYzIYOrzOAG0OCRg8Xm+3y7V7DL2TImYagnymsnlIaooNqyuF+mH4T8O1WpIgUggiIIrYvHY3FBUeJXX3zxRnmncMGhgftQg05wNN/nWCzW52RjwpxoMCT296weqIfxl52GjvFua/eYs/0JahDyDRqEDNWgh18xQAg0xL0Tqy3MTG++caM5vevlnEsN8w4NSxuEh8iqtdsujGqiapuJegPRd8G3vwLW9ySi+JlFa3nmjBocBiEDZLb2BPlTAYKtPJn/VeVQ8PbtfxN1LUJo2CAJO+7j83UC9r+p0GDVVZEnNTBOKw2DhOVCt1PLyHXrHAYhbe0JHIgKowi2NJXeN9OHgkFy9oNFCA09shSSr46nCO9OgQbfHHBSOv3GYZvSMHxBqy1xQqy+joOQrehTFC4D25e5CLbkNbxW6eV/fv7bSWn74oOGTy4JEo755B8KC/t9CjT4lxJV9YROYac0bL1aV/ezk9dffqDDIKRdewIgBCrvuJRki8sgOTvZuIDQMNOxhtPY7m998o8KJR9OVSFef/XTT18ltm1oq6JSbb83n7prtb5w9oJzRg2lBjQIadeegD4eNvOv29KTv31+cmdy9WxkBmdCw0L4NERhgrCwMIm5eLLD08pMw+CXXybVm0/U6t4CZhgkFCCcwqxw4gUV5LBySQ9CCiEcZFExlvJQjxL1Gyo5u3jhlQbu1JCICcmTajFPaU+MmesHOzsHDeYxayJ8LXxLtMFwijYnUgNcuVTSK5c51Nmo/k/d2cY0lWZxHMcM6rNOoobRRM3EdZ2MTlgqbNoK90YnsoBQ3hpBDCqmaCsgCpWxlpdLR9kKgqUdGqOlOFM6O6vbGjUhOHGGxcEX8A1sSqRUbcQdYNzGkUwDcRPdZJ+XeytqBUtgmF4+9dLw4fDc5/ndc/7nf2KxO0MtFvtlUpUflEWuuQR/FgivBCA0RGSRSNnfeOPrY0zwbdCpsa9Iph14/CWTjHTcxqM+oOHVlstCQISQ2cThSZSJCaJwVnH+Q5QcDBdemXRqmPqWy85YEqnuzjdaJmiUtPLo2+exI1XNxlaG1tPdvmZQoJbLksgtbMvlVQpLiChss/C9GIv9isDd+dfR8N6Ha5qF9YEHDbNviAEMVK6i542S1xEaTb100cWL8shIVZMdNXvR9r5xWy6JEDKB2CxEEbFfKfhuIP/cOnSdE34UeJmG98wCkCSAkdI+eR0aVLQLkoKF/nr5ZhOraaiBkVIKw3xaQY5quXwphMS/woKiNDm4F9ZwjhQxhAumERomSg13eDy8pu687vC0dAjPBzUr/neLNiBmmKlvt9MyGXMg1Eeq4est+SXelst6So5ik0JMoH/ErmFpGaKo03HNaEk9zTkVPvE0g89EwzRAw8lCmVQqNTksL0dkB53MSy08FHSIduD8giY5qJi2OOA3Co0mZ+Iu+Hj6/EPFrLkTulRAlJJCCcgEqtWb4Sc5iD0cVMzOs6q7Pe3Q4H+q4WeNWpq72+w00C+HW97orrR3ftiqR9s6ny+7+aJHb3E6DTI7Vrwb2GHa232bOxEnSBQbnpg4Q/4rG2SkZICs4x/kc98X0QAAIABJREFUlXx7CV35dye9PjEhaPCLGlqZC1LpboPTRHvnUS0q21yZ1z9HpWHfBS+H2vUuh1NL59Ha0Yr3Za+ZOxVicyf8YQ+MjRwoL5KB2dFADiO1Z/ms1DpcUVwjHAw8aPhTFw0jtfHshkbGywJfthor25/N6zHhSdkeuq+/W+NyeEx0D23hdzhNTLUvc6eyvMID2NwJHeFKvIoa6lmnJhgpEdgyvz5/70MyOXsw8KDhq3YUKbXnrMbofd0LLU5NVYWuYHNWFmNotVHjgZFi8uDhCMnU2D+muROqMsfjVdQyQJonKUqeQsGXwtNxn2FouB93JvCgYYMVblPSjSMGq8b7D/hEW5lavPwvDJE/amuXHWVMHodLs7kWYYT1QosPapjrNXciLZd4FWFHp7lz8wEFt3dIEHU5P5AhmDnnpxUaJiJrWPpkSAGPvq0bDC9HZMN7Mtk3S7mZ4lb77Fba7Jlp0RuNeg+/zaVPX+Gr6VJV2ORVVT3g4diw1h2b8NFHfRf8YxxeUutOCPeGv6KIDPcDGXwmGn57aDhsNLlswza1NtHJcLYIhUAgTQKVKpNXybC6rJZhjMlwy0c3XMzx8QWWtdHRed6vHU2NFguAOC+dKB/+en4zymQkV2bXVk8bNPgravhJ1mioGN6ntnRYaNa96UUlSJIKgNFuxvLHDlPPhy+6UC6mlRVEGphnY82fwNfRyuisGs7pafuRPbFiHoituV33Lco0XGq+jvybBq+23H4+WamGKYeGVtpgsA3vV3s6tEa27vDPLBypGk7+qFHNCUWvg7Vl7JZvsi8a00oa9WAm71FmqT7l0hCq7FgxANEHthwj0NCLZlM9vt7Scv1xwEBDu8xgsw1vVaxtM9nZsRN9sSBXyhN0MR6IDPDSH5nX3w4jZS9jLIgiOjTpYxg2sOZOd1t0LV5n6PrrSl08AMq7wnCIDPAHQ8OVJhip+kCBhiU9MottGEZqZZumhqt0xYPcXBBfzBYlHPTlOX09DM30lNFYL7NLXzyGpQOxBY26ptQ1eIsQpzfp4kUANFyLu092+DjULn9GqGy491GgQMNaxTbbwfKKbdYYt4JTNXwj4ElzQWzxKCXDjkKaZtKTaSf8bDZfKBnHqnDGjPNCXbxXujD3WJxORAFeQz6rfPgBZd0X1DXolJsWTAM0TCjV8IneCjf0CrU1ZoOCUzVoeTx49MXesWJmiBmhI5bcRC4p7V36lSjj4Bwtl3llq3rZw1XfpFQ2/dk7GxXGjQKU8NopsqSa46KCg/f26nQ5veHk8mf5fPy7gAbIASM2t9umcCRq2P6JA2DrFyEh+3hZLDS4jOiEP3xy++dGF7lD+11dOCmmShNKqfhIAg0leUFBx6NBhlz0LvO2pyjT4GeqYagxxlYlkTQq+Hw9W3YwIpXDF1tBloFI1QxI7vCs89aLCNqDbzhkN8ecP+Hj2iEQFSWk8MSb2EzD4MKFz+NhpCgwGCDQ8BVjaLMNuyVWK6rDk+crW3AwJKRqG8h2jZI/hlb3ragmVQpUhx4PGl6/igGMlBwoS4h4GemQHlE8uZyiHkwSNUw1NHTShvdswxLJ1sY2D00SCF/GJlXASO3myfAKWt+hQfYMz6r75pXRuErR4Xl76yUHDW+MpAIZRQkZQNmMEw0PhQ+QWpKSy0H8owCBhhu0Z61N4paoDXwXQ8ZY9sfnloeElEsFMsco+WN/df+iZJLOWm8xLhoPGt4cZClPKMoAOpxKXvcZyjRsgpGCd04HBjSsMqiHh+GzVq42xJj1pFj/M293VUhIRZJYNlr++PdDF2fVaNBnk0HR4veRrkOREgHdCdKYmRM2Y0EDEKFIhU0DNEyEGu4o3CM2icSmHolpHCJ5BqxyCDkoEHPQIIuA+1lnZ8TsbjOWNnRoVONCA9leuOU1EKWjUuDRR+U8ZTMNA8FRSnz0tQz4vXw+fv93AA1/gBxgGHa73WpLojadtEyIN7L9FDKcV0gcquG+TKQNuGDh55WFG78KRLpj2AIqcge6tbMAVcmKpwka/Ew1PJGdjYEbPNy3PB0mUp+IYI2xNgr0pNFSz9UtbiHFO9rj9TfHnI/tY4yVGBcPMynlLyjVEB75fOF/xaLMAlQluzI59YmJQcO7U8NN2cyVaIMfVjs7NEfISyHbEi0Vmzj5I/e6yCred9GX/YSGi7wUIoxs+BUxQ3Pk4/frqYzMNOQpVh8Y0NAla8NHoU29ki8j9YlWtp8iKdaA5Y/w1YYTRmrwDXinz09oeEQav4pAHIaG3sjv5z9A/vaLCzLi6wMDGtr1/A02t8R9UMHn8DKdGGNVCS4QEPUwXDVCRRbZehfzbz+h4R7RkJaCOLTDPz2Vj26VokiJdAOBkWmw7peUV4RIQvZb4ZFH/gMyrp/iggdDg4XhJlzmadFns8HqNzQIsb4WPmqkMzNHiG4VFSC/NeW0QIP/1KA3x9jKJRLJtkaIV2w/hZTtFVe7MTSYh8iAyyWzGQuBBlP626Dhj2/ZX4TYai1NJDpHKl73goNbqAQYqZ0gf1KY4TeHhr8xzsQRBA0KS6JJ9YrdUxXIwp2WHoYbS7G61oKZYf3bTZ7e0td5kpUpJ4CrJb/8eiyy5vOgHUCeklK6c7FcOV3Q4F+m4SfFWgQNEon6LJdp6AJVrHPDP3CnpYXmvCKfMWfxW+FM1uRpzjtTwxFW7F5KRdaFhZUIB/+zcBCkwEhlLs64OjmphqmHBj7KNLiH1R4HK2rI8zo3yFDmuENr5B5+TvHu3fKXvSs1pLNjTeTxkc3h4b0o0dCEIlWUmUY1BQg06NtWwXcdt029yslmGipZ54ZtPD2W1Jq6uXaJMtqBUw8W5oWf0BDJdl2KdMLm8L29KNHQQqFIFRRMkk/klENDj4mP8MptU/A9bKYhmnNuEOtRqmGXpoeTzxxhQVTb7W+mQcmZ0ulOnbjffEp4BmklYaQS0jInySdyyqFBsQ9BA3zUrDFmGck0eJ0bYjWoacJBq7z9SVymQfh/7s49pqksj+MwDmjvBAPuYuPCrs9ZdNdYZCO1UFkzDtS2K2gA6/KMWjqICGUYqlA6RBwkPsrDxhEsMBTN8DKoi0h0ERlQZxjkEYgIChEVncHsDozBsHEcs/fcVwtzW3rrkVIPfwhN7E1+Oefcz/md3+/7ZfhGX0D4PicieYKCgvOxggugVhKLlIipTiQUaGBe1uAuK/QHmYadKTp/nZqQeyKVGwJ0WKJB0UFpz5QSmYZUFrNUgw8nmeiPKyqv24i5sVfgr74Q871RTV1OzDw0OGmr/tHf9Qw9Pw+i2xbR+YCLGP2eI1epBwdHDcoej+ClkVXaawwfE0i1jh+Th4ffPuJk5/m1RJqYKAoSSZHD1so0MKIGD9mLlS8O7UTPz88HCTjoIDQiP0e6+aU1NaV8vVTkLaw08ttS7StXZqkGvS1oxm0er/blyML/HcAjJU3mjNgENLTKVq1DVyP6KnyvioADOaURGccvHaxS64V+CRW/j9RxbBazVEM21TqeupXLq33o4PCjMCksMSw5KCwozwxo+ND60NAoW/lNF8iQKlaScLCP0ojs5eeikdJSZY+u2lxMA0TT4cwQGvSt43d4XG7tQxeXFt8gLFKJkgbbgIYODQaiOz+tXqcmznp6jchuEClND1X2OKyqwoscjrAYQgNlC3rgpkAgSKtwdGzyVaKRUioTxfE2kmmI2Dl+ED3MROj8q4maBg6pEblrB79qMJcvJxMNczOxdoqy0k1MOyYvUPoyRdzY2CJQL8kVoxAqVSpDmFlSwIIGoxcURqlBrfN/dgg9BkaWPSNqGvQakTJZdVmhTjF6SX8S8gPQMDhJwNZ0quFDwgeVFKWL3y4QcG+inMAVi9BIoacbpB5GomHmaxpS1Z989KJrXKeo4h/7bIobxe7iDK02dLfBk+VqUPGuSmf6lCMUNBz3PHXKCeQzDmDrMyxIZDVoYJhqGK329+/qGk9RVMkIucdWYo5FIG2tvSpVb7O+CdNLq6npf15KqUmbDQ2hlN5McfTh14ASXuZhKVN0kiEjUO4nLIUGc6mhRFu6bg6o76su5AcSnfQEiEYKH6XHqVT7DVYeXvGu1g6xGELDVgIakpEly06D2sc/30nCdjKRUpkHp6jhbUPDJX7ZN35dn49H6srIW4he0o1iU/73PSpth/4qYnErXvHeM8EYGigBP5fTLdh9RG0StpMlJyfZCDS082vWbe4aH88q0xHbNnsrAaJ7slcHopEKrNSrMRzhl/bfrdJ0r2YKDWJSwK/I0acCHAOfcDFd9xClyEagYU5hVtdOUAmZVVatIXouA0g3CvmV1B2qnMC/GEih8HP7+xWXGTdMriFVi8QC+zUX1mBFDpiue4hSai1oYEgN7mcUm/27Do0fRCOlxrsnxoSEGwXS+bhTJlOfGSP3PLeSXlnhKr8yWQfbqL/eUtoN5hyl8nvTsaIC1NNW5GGzLDFIyjB7ZYQZrGBYlYNyQGFkTJQ2NZr4aOsWzPdyzyZwsTBZkuFaqlalku9m/hQiR6MUkg85xhVhHKGUCJ2sBQ0Mixo01S9qdFkxl1UdpBvVJsL3ch/opLjo6nrRgBpugU7xdnr/CRODVC1KOuCEm1aN1JaL8NUo2QSnf8JCaGCQauDrnm/WBccoVKQl4SPS91KObukrJieNh0JVfFXoEK3prKlBmF3+QbKPoPwNvHJsJwsJEvNsAxrmN8pKN9dU742RaVtJdyrc9/JTBOQTpgg5NXfz+apbppiBHhpq8YucEMrruoUrkuL7FgP7a+t2T3TIyvywSPWQSapmJAIn9vTfzCl2OhopbYZJZ3ZaaCDMLhPJhjnHcwIRbqmahNyzEXGn6qyD44ciYmIUo6ROQyd+uAlGQP3jsikdSTv4/CILOh7yJERCNM3eHvvfabF4pKRJyAmrQAPjsgaPUUXh5q7ImMuKXA/K9/IQ7nuJQoT72KQ9zwtvi8tnGfHHpoEGbIY9EQYRCVGylPamQIQpZYmSkAoIlxPW0Gn4IkOlUuWkZuo1Gk8FeAenRG4R0nZDfnD4sCXOETkcKRa4UPKD2yel0pDJH83yTMOiX3NlCpm683u9inS70DsyJdh7G43t5SvXiTYvY/4TpsYuoMwTkoyk4tAwMhJ+At/hlciAjUDDvNZuvozf09FaQqm1p3tviUgJ5kTRrvnhoUrj/thGx7IAoO8UEoQcJxbsj9wEfN9KQh46QLmfePviTo09MhCpX5dTipAdyJ6IlL2cffm0hpdDlc7OjKHhtFCC7lKJSb4tZGUktw7bt0IkSIuN6DS4NWrROdXd2O5GTCk2Ow6JSUmJQeR0hQsrhodMIoMRaDiHAGWeRLGQvGxuEhRgkUoUi/9kG9Awx68sCx3VZx6TOofu7jJkb0rEHmQ/7TI6ezaB+Rt9QRqiRCMVJs4jeSNeEIYdbgw+mmFoMHFBYYQaOmUKhSb3h/+8T4bK4zInOCViC+cMzZ7nVtLeXjLZfmK6VAM2xdKQZDQuUt8GcgqknccjZfDRGzGDNRQh7a4VH54qHy1EvHOg+kM4ZSPiJDGyw1PvVfGzSBQWJkVP1FaDBsb6Th6PPRYtKpkkH+2NCHu8aL2rLr5yNeY/YWqcikIj5YvgItOAGsJPrMUiJYkasTI0mE8Nbm3tbdgvlFp7ZjYH2RY6zUbO7H7ibADoROVkkOt1Ay+hTiQNCxOJwyHpO719aJg/v7X1EvhHLyOd/jWCBNzKd7Zo0LdcPhQiEgniO0D9zV1bgEfqO5tRhMQ73wytBtmBUQgSFchmWTToWy6bfEGkhJSmU73gp/MgUsliSIrSM6AIucqvpsbvPcPwjeUGIMiur4wtpARL3unxiK9EjAgvGHhVSEGklL4n7a0EDYypwd3jMYpW7gYq0mOj2xCO4gfag5LbvKlGl9NAA0ENaKTQV18RVfR4s/y+FN3Qw4LEPlCYwSrQQDeiPWF/Y2ZOttwgd5HO++f1OqmovGi3nfWggbk/Nhglk9BgwtWsYX7TZXT6jmx5sRMJDQufxq9/UCBCI/ULJClpS6GBib6TmxvxC3UuZK14ZOb2bnb/xLLUrfvirujX63d969eeF4lEDRtsCBqIYeg9kf/K2dJBDw0up+/cuGGo5LS970ECGqnYG1dtBxrmTZ5R2Jx69IhlITMYgYYnPmkNDQZKTj7cgr//W4pGCk5Fw4xAAz6mRLBymfF1ZAk0LLA/yT1geK9xL7ZgYwEaqSCu/duEhr+ZhAam1EAHEmPupra8xSa2qqVL6beYc/ENXIOSx3rB/Z9ApPLuwShomEXQ8NbHB3Lezx9//F9e3Gd2tpNpoIEGswcDfSf9ANDwOrxvzfXrJ7l3RmwIGowsMjOpYS7zAdZrC6/vwfoHdebqSU9/P2ElaHiD8aV5FDDA7XsArKsGXGwYGt5sLDXPs+wesBm6fx6anrS1oCF/CVxowMHB8I94YF1VUF50wXrQAIUa3nc3teMtZjFJNdAeTJ5sBzYUG8vjfeAww6yEhuji4mj43/pFHDDJPnbNzorQYBk1GIeGifb2V1ChAaOGX2p58Vze05GFVoeG5dCgofLoEBs6NDi0hAOT7KfQ/CdmAzR4HR2CDw0uAzwsUi7vEDSwh48Ow4cGx3uYSXa94zsEDUuAGCQEaJjyko+PjTVu/QwNGpawLLqgYEINenxY3t7qxQQalpp1MPFJQ6eUYHsFnMuJ2QgNTsCFUBvoBP+bi48fh1g3YRE0/A5mqmHiFlZfexE2NKDY8PLl64UjsKwuLYYGaKmGYeCt1338je8nfgP5S1sGHm5weIegYagXNOE0Q4cGl6sDTweuurxD0JAJWktCh6BDg6NPfVP9E0ebh4Z/UeOrHDRSx67oP0iANOr6+uoS4A0j0DBz1OB+RgVsJ7xM3U/MnS7VQDvNKpqazjnCYobZBw2e+3GDy/2edrN7zFymwQg0THRrqu72F8o66KHhosX3E0xwwSagoRLYNhpaYEJLNTAb095PWBsaVrQRto3N0KHB5qyxp4GGZlVp/yS5D2jQYHPW2LTQYChPoHvxrFChoJ7513wWrMFmQ/sq1mp6aJi7xMILCsbU4N4pK1s1p0rT7WVuUQNNqsHIJvNH9AfO3cRshIZMfj8QgSTlIt8xaIB5P9GouQvsJmr4bfBTDbMFGuDcT2RoPiG8jK0LDQ6zHRqce9XfTtaS/j979x/axnUHAHx0C1peCR1UQX8kzMolZtQrnKm1Cxkh/xyICWYhR6gILF81CbnonAMjUCUbx7KsJLIj2TBqCG3mqkmFaZsQSAJNNdSQJemWbI4b1qZjI38kadIlo9AxKOtI2fbe00m25NPpJJ1PJ/l9RfVipX998b189P2+HwQN0mjYM48PFn11zkXQII+GnwyfRick/2ro1AagQc2oigat1PDFa+fQIZAvDF9W3J+QmoW6m/1F665hBv2hIfJ6POyJ/+uXb0c6Eg0q9ic+PRPyhG8fKF2B2UI0yKuhcTSoU2p4cPgUytRfXq1aami8P9FZaHi4/3TYE37jd6u3VhE0SKLBND2MMvXNH1ZvrSJokI53jsIJPXT7H/GjB9oTDU2ooT42fIIzde5npz+tAw3qq6GmGfSHBp8zlEiEPN+8z5NKgywazluHcKbOvf17tfdPdBgaHgaH4olEOHxgzq7z/kSr0XAz6MGZ+v7wBEGDbKVhLBhOJOLh0F/3HydokEXD14FCpm4f/UWboqFGg0JmWUN9ahgewRP67fcPK0eD9CzUDBtqm0F3aJgG+Ia0hGcu1ZFoUK8/sVK4siPueX1lu777E82gQY3+xCiDTrWdCoVbvqhhi87RIPQnxEyRSoN8pcEaxEffh0+RSoM8Gv7J4APdJ8Phtq00aKOGnV/RIzhTnjMn5aYzBaWGJtTQrcAMukODu9+JrxryBPydiQbV+hNc0Ikuopga+uDWdn33J5pAgxqlhj22wBB6Gmec3Htb9d2faDEa/k0HMEQnnfvJmgZZNFwFI/hS48TIvImgQQ4Nn4CROP5yEzjzTPuiofEGhXI2fE07E/gamMDlOtBQZRpqUA1KyKA/NLDOoaHE1FRixLaNVBpk0UAPwUwZp+IBttpJDedfIWhA2+lB2OmZNM6Egkuqnu+0S/3+RIvRMAFCOFPh/nmye0IWDTGYqfAM/FbIxMhCSFk0zPWHnSGYqSHmjfZFgyZqWAp4nPEpY8JJv1QPGqqqoXtjygx6RMPIjMcJA1952ZFoeF4lNDBDk0MoU/jKS+1KDU+e3nEMCpWxL18eew9d+o86aGi+PwHRUMgUuvJSw/7Erms3Bq9XRj6/LlNXfqwXNNwEiQTOFL7yUjs0/PbuxX3Xa8a+i6sHPbQaDWNgJu7EmZrQFA0/v3IoXzv2jp99pBs0MFMhlKgRcE5TNLxnn0/WDnfkuEkJGmo2KGTVoIgNu/cHpsIoUwF6hwpoUF5sePdve4u/ODIP3+CdN3WLBhcDVRqPTzJ8h6KhwUUN69WQ7J9CmUqAFS3R8O0g6+MjEpEqC5ebjV5RAw2NlBq6Kp4zNmA0JuKJELiqwv0TitHw+Dor8Cn5NMHgk9HoJX2goevXNqdxCmbKQ9/TEg3382zSBTOVkn/xApu/phM0PKQ9OFNO2wMt0XApGnXwqVrh4n3R/Ls6QcPfQQhlajIQfEFDNJjGOG4+FYnFIvIvfolzP1CEhmbVsLvmt6MVkDDOwH/6goL8Ei3FalDEhkfjUXbZhX9vIjKRGuXYi7t0ioYTTGDSaJwMMMc6FQ1qLWq4SY/MwH8MgwPVb7B6RfX+xLeDPv+CZFCUec2LonJ8SQ1ao6HyObMDtKYh3s+ZtmrXn3h8Xcha1sdz1LrILpfU0OqFkJ8DD8xUiD78Iw3RcD/vznoVRdZRVEPLd0+cpENG45QHKD6mQQ00XIqOZilFkfYV1dBqNOz8gImjlVegdEyDFmgY4yJHemEc7K0R2/y+ohpk0dCsGmqwARVU3xoIJozGmRH6j3LfgKTQIKOGmr9049FYH/yFeY7yWuTDbOcu6vZwJxsdCNA2vS+DbKLSoNb+ics0HQiCgVvV76xqcFGDjBq+5BYXqqDBUHrhNzPFR/+nBhqa7k+YTCnAwEyxDzfi0qpqcUPok3z2etbP8D3uvF4OdzoJ+gP9YOk7LdGwz0F5FUZPclAnaHgg4Ey5TRqi4dFvlimlkeXGdbLl8isrCAYYMPeMhmh4kYscLJDhYK3XwUXOrgQNtRoUNdUg44bdeJLbcWsAZoqmV2qcVWeuax6q4Yaz0TFMBouCSLP39Xr3xLMxRzL20fc6Fg2NlRok+hPbX/pcSK58p/pNl3KlhkF+oRoacBgK/2E1ZNlLKqBBjf6E6R6fdMzu2aohGj7Lx6SfPKkZPhM9q5e7J67OCycnNuDCKpk1jWzGqzjG2Dd1coy0Ke0W5qc34MIquQnerxgNlCv/SB9o+MHOd4Zfm/vip1qiYZY7Uqgy1Kw0wP9l3q0IDSqoAbFhdxUyoHhrJSn8+U8/rB8Nu+QXX8u44WMf/BZjURZe4cYmuxpbP2jQ8H7srSr3J/7Lpheqq6FUZRDpkBxvERrWP2mmrTW/Eqrbn7jGZqWfPIn+BNXDfdzhV2PLxJdsj3I05Ni7ekGDyVTfzQfNo2Hcp9wMVFqEqA7QgK9+1hQN8/O9SisNvb2z3IvK0KCCGkQ4FOmA/7jm73bsUHAqvrn+jVzV3NDdnechBhSiwRLJEzS0qtLwoWZo2K5yf+Ipu1gdDYgKeDmD6Abz8iHdoEFBqFtquMuaLcpLDYPjmxcNd5a8dQR3RzdXY9cZzaPhZXcdaMiJC2Vaj4ZCaIoGh6tXcaWh9zj3UBEa1FLDGjo0NpWZGzozprsQxb2VOLZsyY9ZlEeGJWhoERpU2z9RO86r25948pTNlUHBEuEYm29WrDRklmz0gJApNirMo6qgQY3+RCvQUFHaw5myi4saMj4bbStmCobj5c2LhhtCOQsMERZlas3yRwasusK3idFwqGJJQ08KZ2r1g2kG+AgaYCQjJTKgYsK2GGejre7FwkcTApqm0qUqxCJ3TxkaajYo6lFDEzOZuZkzY4paEIO1V5mmMBIKmVqDhs8IGlqEhue160+ou3/iyTX2WJkZBGATfAxw4Z9cAHBJDoAIZTDjSgO/r1Vo0KrUUP1ZrUCDV8wUjysNq5kiaKhEgwFmagllatUJgKBBCg09AmB8KFOlT2CmSmjo2+RoWFNpOJgEjJC0Attx9FMEJskBH75YsdKgHA0tUEOXwomqkeNp16NhzTQFI1XMFEGDDioN2vUn1N0/8eRpORpSwLq4sJAdAGgb5gmaTsPJyg6YPnEx5GjHo8GgFA0wU1mLBWUKqiFH06jIMIYzRdBQjgaUKa93GmZK/CAG3AQNUmhwwUxRlH8ApMUPIjBTBA3rKw0TwHoC/mEU+OD7EZr2w49nAfNsb72VhtoNCtXVoBQNjaohb682TVn64IQOBzihiyslFwgaWocG9fZPbNCihqqlhkw5GqzAjoYYSML3DFjCSxpYOIkZ1Kw0tGV/ogINVoB7hxGQhGiwi1M7W5ruCRpKATOFhggQP87ZfGmCBik0wEyhIQUEcZelzZch7QmJSsMoSKHhCGDg+wQQcH2BBdP1VxoUqEFdNnQpR8MuFSoNa6cpSwYI+EMWEwLFBEFD69DQrvsnnjwuQwMFAP4xCxjvwkIaoQGqgQVZjAfVKg1t2Z8oR0MPADk0TgPGYKEyJTRMEzRUoAFlCo0wUxfwB0kmS9AghYYcAPikJz9gCmd/JJnpDKk0VFYa4BtfRMMAfE+X0LBYf6VBczV0KZ+nGlNDWaWhbJqyTJTQkCXtCR1UGtp1/0R5peEYAB+J4/GFhRM2sT3BFfdP8J2PBoMyNMAJ/oI4TsN3G25P4EwRNJSjAWaIEsdpNGYA7yVokEJDFoA+ccTHN9gBTxE0SFUa/MX2BI/opyxNAAAOcklEQVToYBPbE74G1jRorYauOtDQWIOirNJQPk312MT2BGchlYbWo6Fd909UrGnw0iCLRj8AGTjYaby8bylXqDNQZrUqDe3YnyhHwwW6oHWUKYuFGitliqChAg0UzBQa0zBT6Edr9AJBgyQa+uhCoQpmCm2g6LNaewgapHdPjAJGcFiZ0W3ICLM0Xt4nnKh/94RSNajGhq56JqqGSg1llYbyacpiFzPVRxZC6gEN7bp/omL3BAdG0eAGhbUNaRsAYMCFmhN4ISTfQjS0uj9RsaYBZgoNKFNo/0SmmCmChso1DTBTaICZQmsblkHaS9AgvaYBZgoNKFNwWAYZiiJrGqQqDb29ERo+b+xs4Yf0AHr4ItsaqzQo2EKhmhq66punGlFD+ZqGsmnKYilM6CkvqTTootLQnvsnKndPZACdOnbMBWiMhhQQ/H1+Aa3LMhTOadgEaDAoQwPKVF8OZwqiwbWaKYKGCjSgTOVyPMqU1+unHV6vgaBBEg12QLuyWZQpiIY07aAoUmmQXNPwyv/ZO9+QNtI8jrNwZ3CkXD242jerSbbsHSLX7Cq1s0dvkSlxhSOMQsKEgWyILxaCLnmxYCKBQJCGGBEqkRzlJG+iW6HeSd3Sy6K4aIW+yJsuLSy9Qv9cKy2cC3Kw7e7C7c0zM8YkxsxknsdJJ/P7hMaatlZ+nTz9zPd5nt/Dnndf2RhlpF2WE1Rium06QSU0Jg1qraHrhCYnaoxTGqyhfPdE2TDVl6IScXt8XFwV2VxJQyaaHD1lNGloyP6JhaRrtA0vaqjYPZFOIYOnWB8VRQshffJCyKyddNKg7/yENe5yjVqJSkNfsVJZQeApRl4ImTW4NFzd+ml3m3Bzp8NK+a3MUN7fHEnDs63dh9cJN3dyFytl7xYqZW+OpKEn6kouE00a3FQI/eTKhaEptMDBh1485aNmNCYN6qwBXxuOH8HksSmfdWV7MZc1VDR3Kh+mfChj8DPiXEUTJQ1fxFjaQ3Nxo0mD/vsnptw8TdOFBRxpqNg9IbCQ4kIz6WG0i4Kj3GIr6SAVIp006BU1WMV3Yz5Ej9F0KI81P1EpDX05VKm+YbQ8mZP78QSlfNmw0nD1ySw91t+/do2oNPhzbi6U9QuV8ueo4YAAQw0Fxo0tDVsc3T84uNNJVBrscTdXyNqHqZy9tFLGThqirDBMJSIdBJMGJzUq2sES8gRhmHJIJhF0aEwaVFoD5hxFjbseSRoivDBOsVm8qKE8aagYptziS26511PTJA0xenXxsneSXTBa0qD3/olP3fTe4uK+h7uCMz9RmTRITFNO4XmJmkijpCFFcdKiBnJJg67zE92Fsd8ODLwzVujFiRqOSEOftJfJKTwvUSm7tMOeM7Q0vOY8+5uPP+9f+5qoNPilLZdOQR+oIkOGloYnicmVi9/fGtwhIg3lp6uPUk5xC0WxUoaWhi1+bsXrnaddBJOG85TYCtKRoJIOx7jcCjJGzWpOGtRaA4421EpKRWlw0fObA5tzPJ41VCQN5cPUhHRMFcU1VdKQYVcvIzwpg0mD7vsn4vz+IoKOYEQNR5OGtLQQMiU+c6I0sJRbmp4gmTToOD+RpfcHBDbpLHlpEColPLMUK6lCsQOwMaUhQq94Nx9f/KD/KXlpECpV/Lnhpyc6Uh6v9+L3H98avE40aZCvosMFtYZf03AuJFRKYI7tIZU0OBxOKoI+nHKifk7CMCXmDxxq3qA1aVBtDZq1oeboJd7bsHNomBqYLFhxrGHdVWuYEj9j5cShWZKGKL0oSsMe22YwadB7/0TEIzrD4jyHMz9xmDSw4WQ6fTMnNZMO+4UPSep8No2WZ1Fx4kmDnvMTQc+A9G4MkpEGNozWPqKtTH6hUlZx5/N5l12ulJGlgZvzCtLw+GL/AzLSIFTK77ejHZcWoVL25pGGZ4lVURo+HvyGjDSwTuEC6o3LzaS7q0mDMdc0POH3RGnw0ltEkgYObZkIUc4FwRmClPMUatBwPio2hkTNnTQnDep2Xmpe21D7hkecRR2lN8Vh6h0+h7MYspg0VB2msuLiyGJzp+ZIGpIe0Rku7/NTRksadN4/EZOlYZXF2D9RsnsiQEXS6TzFJBJOyikdfZmQj2EKSl2kSSYNes5PhCSDH5gr4CyFPJSGAGrNelCpBfEloVJMgqEOjxoypjSw80gaLj7+7i4ZaQhQMTQlwaDDhZy5wyOsjC4NHT3ov0IkDV8+JCMNQqXQlAQzPj4sHkDRNEnDNL/i9S4iaYgSSRoCKGSYYqg/BYRr6gJa+jjCCsMUOoYp5cBJGuqwhvq1QSEkFaOFLC0NU/t0HGcLRTFpqD5MiQO6u7l2T8RprygNwv2zwaRB7/0TSdorSsNkCGf/xHa5NEzNMkMXmOBN+bWIfOCzRTwZm2zS8J5u0jAxJr0bx1IEpcFeECsln/zSh47qHVoy+tHY33rEpOFx/y5BaejmxEp1l0xVGD5pOIcyGUEa/jV4m6A05LkwqlSvvYmkoQdlMgJ7/DSRpEGUhpENN3NBPhpb+AwNU8Pj0YPJC41JQz3WUJc3dCnOq4rSkOP3xGFqlc/jbLxkXLWGKWlA72uuPg2nCpPIGVZol9HWNOi9fyLDziFn2KdnMKShsk9DFcQBi3zSoOP8RJxfld6McTLSUJXKeWlDSkOU3kPScGvsGvk1DaWHZZd+Ysw1DS56H0nDP/o7ya9pOAZjSkPHBL2CpMET6iCSNEiMHHwYKb5U8opWaajLGpA2dBFRBlkarCFxGnWzyr2NDXdNw3E0ye6Jadazuj9PB9sMJw1675+I8p69vTk61YbT3ymrLA1WuR2khWjSoOf8RIyeXP3jJB3D6u+kJA2/aQJpuOoWKvX5d3hBg7I0+A0vDa09QXrug79+iRc01CcNBu3TsDxLz+/N0+wTUrsnRoofS0WhRCC0S0N91qBCHLq6VK3ellY+5tgxoVJjXB7rFAqmHmlolo6QCxMszyUb8f1hSoP++yeCPF9ItuG0kj5m90RF0oCOnSB79oS+8xOWmYJQqaz1JKXB3wxJw+nfJWf5/rWn7SANitbg4ujByRstLZA0KPRpWI6wPDvxnFxHyJNLGuq3BlkcqqhDl0phKHaTEaxhgufZWB7v7CozJg3ou5v6ojF/L6Y06H/+xFTmU8zzJ5SThrScMqDmTiSTBn37O/XmrZidpBWkoa8ppOH06atvrhFuI92c0tDace7lPcJtpJsyaRAq9Wz5WWtHB/mkYaR60uDAkAZN2lA0hzK0NLu35+24DaVNmTQ0UFZwkwbjnT/x6mcmrygNFvvB0dihMeNJA6nzJx4xltpJQ1mHnsSkec+e+KYuafCZ+ewJ7lhF6G4eaSBhaGxKVdIgvTCNIw0arQEHK0aj2qNJQ8SUSYNRpaEh509gHnX5P2Y0rWp+wiLdP5OUhvcMJQ1PmXwdUUNgx7zS8MB3U70zdDO75pWGyfFjBKGaQcTDN8x7YNVsSM2aBpkZ3zKGNAjWoK82WK0WgtZwJ1WHNMTWxT9jA2lomDTof/4EtjS8upNKq5ufEB555jZBadB3fgJXGt6/xCgofOlKyFF5gDelNGwzM+qlIRu+Zl5puB3OqZ+eSIVfmDdpiPjaHJVJw8iRpEF+Jci24kiD3mGD6pP0VFnD3fE6pIFdE53B1gvS0LCkQe/zJwicj/0gkFE1P4GeYuEfDSgNWqKGau/PNdZaO2kouWEM/e2FeaWh/U7BotYZrBzfbl5p6Ay7a81LlCUQvUvHL5Np/qThuS9ZagqOUleoTBoygQimNOgaNqi/qVFlDdvMqGpnyDFPkTJYLCANDZMG3fdPkJifCLAZFUmD1Wq3R8I7Z4lKg7HmJ7bXC3Z18xPdqfBBo0BTSsMjJqhygsIeYh6ZWBpaHoZjapdBsjXCq+aXhg63L1q+T+I4RjKJ8WVcadAzbLDi3ctUYuN9aq0hF+Dv25AzgDQ0UBr03z+BLQ1nfg74CpFstOZDwOUOFJ2BkDT8Sq9Dq4jMTyBr8IVc2Rq40MMVCfqKzmBOaWjfZXzBmpWS6xXyHTiDSaWhZSccCEZcWYWHK1JgDpzBnNLQei7oG59IRhVxzfrGD7Z34kiDbmGDFTsCreA+zyRiym++bIxl+EuiMoA0GC5paOz+iTNn3vzE+piahBHrOzfONl4aGjk/8euXu7ximaRKtZhbGtq3H9wpluN4GPrBdru5paHlxuR6WAX9D6+3mFoaWju23Es+ZQKzyeJxmljSoFPYUO8djbI1vH//6d11Rpn1tUeXbPJXBWlonDT84W1f1FC1lfQr9OPNq2N50/Lil1/OlkJKGow1PyF5fA3udSKEcf1ds0sD4uuXwqPWU9lfZFZpQNdKpxIvSq8pk0qD1PFBiXNlDbjwpEEPbdCQgqpa2WC7r4TNZrMVvyZIQwOlQc/5CVLScCgP1RF+6d2zZ09CGow2P6FElf9ETCwN9WFaaagbE0tDvV07caXhxLXBqul+RsvYdMQqSpQBpMF4SYOu+yfOaOEtkoaGzk+ANIA0gDSYSRpOdmmDJmcgoA22cmVQJw0bVKYNqCRDbVSp1Cd/roe//KCBD19rITOlhTda6PyxnI+qVuo/v6+Xrz6sn+We+unVwCUN3PuokutHK7VB/fufpPjhq0NeLxPhv9cawjahS0rNpablEqpClX9uPbhetVJ//4Q4ChX97PB3fva6523kedVK5esfC07o++vVzCVMKr9evkqlKslQQDUyUCmo1ElXCgoFlxRUCir1tleqEkdmA4KFI2xkHFApqNRJVwoKBZcUVAoq9bZXCgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA4P/twSEBAAAAgKD/r71hAAAAAAAAAAAAAOAnHSjwFFDfV4wAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Out:

    
    dataset 0
    ---------
    LogisticRegression: 0.86
    LinearSVC: 0.86
    KBinsDiscretizer + LogisticRegression: 0.86
    KBinsDiscretizer + LinearSVC: 0.92
    GradientBoostingClassifier: 0.90
    SVC: 0.94
    
    dataset 1
    ---------
    LogisticRegression: 0.40
    LinearSVC: 0.40
    KBinsDiscretizer + LogisticRegression: 0.88
    KBinsDiscretizer + LinearSVC: 0.86
    GradientBoostingClassifier: 0.80
    SVC: 0.84
    
    dataset 2
    ---------
    LogisticRegression: 0.98
    LinearSVC: 0.98
    KBinsDiscretizer + LogisticRegression: 0.94
    KBinsDiscretizer + LinearSVC: 0.94
    GradientBoostingClassifier: 0.88
    SVC: 0.98
    
    
    # Code source: Tom Dupré la Tour
    # Adapted from plot_classifier_comparison by Gaël Varoquaux and Andreas Müller
    #
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    from matplotlib.colors import ListedColormap
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    from sklearn.datasets import make_moons, make_circles, make_classification
    from sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV
    from sklearn.pipeline import make_pipeline
    from sklearn.preprocessing import KBinsDiscretizer
    from sklearn.svm import SVC, LinearSVC
    from sklearn.ensemble import GradientBoostingClassifier
    from sklearn.utils._testing import ignore_warnings
    from sklearn.exceptions import ConvergenceWarning
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    h = .02  # step size in the mesh
    
    
    def get_name(estimator):
        name = estimator.__class__.__name__
        if name == 'Pipeline':
            name = [get_name(est[1]) for est in estimator.steps]
            name = ' + '.join(name)
        return name
    
    
    # list of (estimator, param_grid), where param_grid is used in GridSearchCV
    classifiers = [
        (LogisticRegression(random_state=0), {
            'C': np.logspace(-2, 7, 10)
        }),
        (LinearSVC(random_state=0), {
            'C': np.logspace(-2, 7, 10)
        }),
        (make_pipeline(
            KBinsDiscretizer(encode='onehot'),
            LogisticRegression(random_state=0)), {
                'kbinsdiscretizer__n_bins': np.arange(2, 10),
                'logisticregression__C': np.logspace(-2, 7, 10),
            }),
        (make_pipeline(
            KBinsDiscretizer(encode='onehot'), LinearSVC(random_state=0)), {
                'kbinsdiscretizer__n_bins': np.arange(2, 10),
                'linearsvc__C': np.logspace(-2, 7, 10),
            }),
        (GradientBoostingClassifier(n_estimators=50, random_state=0), {
            'learning_rate': np.logspace(-4, 0, 10)
        }),
        (SVC(random_state=0), {
            'C': np.logspace(-2, 7, 10)
        }),
    ]
    
    names = [get_name(e) for e, g in classifiers]
    
    n_samples = 100
    datasets = [
        make_moons(n_samples=n_samples, noise=0.2, random_state=0),
        make_circles(n_samples=n_samples, noise=0.2, factor=0.5, random_state=1),
        make_classification(n_samples=n_samples, n_features=2, n_redundant=0,
                            n_informative=2, random_state=2,
                            n_clusters_per_class=1)
    ]
    
    fig, axes = plt.subplots(nrows=len(datasets), ncols=len(classifiers) + 1,
                             figsize=(21, 9))
    
    cm = plt.cm.PiYG
    cm_bright = ListedColormap(['#b30065', '#178000'])
    
    # iterate over datasets
    for ds_cnt, (X, y) in enumerate(datasets):
        print('\ndataset %d\n---------' % ds_cnt)
    
        # preprocess dataset, split into training and test part
        X = StandardScaler().fit_transform(X)
        X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(
            X, y, test_size=.5, random_state=42)
    
        # create the grid for background colors
        x_min, x_max = X[:, 0].min() - .5, X[:, 0].max() + .5
        y_min, y_max = X[:, 1].min() - .5, X[:, 1].max() + .5
        xx, yy = np.meshgrid(
            np.arange(x_min, x_max, h), np.arange(y_min, y_max, h))
    
        # plot the dataset first
        ax = axes[ds_cnt, 0]
        if ds_cnt == 0:
            ax.set_title("Input data")
        # plot the training points
        ax.scatter(X_train[:, 0], X_train[:, 1], c=y_train, cmap=cm_bright,
                   edgecolors='k')
        # and testing points
        ax.scatter(X_test[:, 0], X_test[:, 1], c=y_test, cmap=cm_bright, alpha=0.6,
                   edgecolors='k')
        ax.set_xlim(xx.min(), xx.max())
        ax.set_ylim(yy.min(), yy.max())
        ax.set_xticks(())
        ax.set_yticks(())
    
        # iterate over classifiers
        for est_idx, (name, (estimator, param_grid)) in \
                enumerate(zip(names, classifiers)):
            ax = axes[ds_cnt, est_idx + 1]
    
            clf = GridSearchCV(estimator=estimator, param_grid=param_grid)
            with ignore_warnings(category=ConvergenceWarning):
                clf.fit(X_train, y_train)
            score = clf.score(X_test, y_test)
            print('%s: %.2f' % (name, score))
    
            # plot the decision boundary. For that, we will assign a color to each
            # point in the mesh [x_min, x_max]*[y_min, y_max].
            if hasattr(clf, "decision_function"):
                Z = clf.decision_function(np.c_[xx.ravel(), yy.ravel()])
            else:
                Z = clf.predict_proba(np.c_[xx.ravel(), yy.ravel()])[:, 1]
    
            # put the result into a color plot
            Z = Z.reshape(xx.shape)
            ax.contourf(xx, yy, Z, cmap=cm, alpha=.8)
    
            # plot the training points
            ax.scatter(X_train[:, 0], X_train[:, 1], c=y_train, cmap=cm_bright,
                       edgecolors='k')
            # and testing points
            ax.scatter(X_test[:, 0], X_test[:, 1], c=y_test, cmap=cm_bright,
                       edgecolors='k', alpha=0.6)
            ax.set_xlim(xx.min(), xx.max())
            ax.set_ylim(yy.min(), yy.max())
            ax.set_xticks(())
            ax.set_yticks(())
    
            if ds_cnt == 0:
                ax.set_title(name.replace(' + ', '\n'))
            ax.text(0.95, 0.06, ('%.2f' % score).lstrip('0'), size=15,
                    bbox=dict(boxstyle='round', alpha=0.8, facecolor='white'),
                    transform=ax.transAxes, horizontalalignment='right')
    
    
    plt.tight_layout()
    
    # Add suptitles above the figure
    plt.subplots_adjust(top=0.90)
    suptitles = [
        'Linear classifiers',
        'Feature discretization and linear classifiers',
        'Non-linear classifiers',
    ]
    for i, suptitle in zip([1, 3, 5], suptitles):
        ax = axes[0, i]
        ax.text(1.05, 1.25, suptitle, transform=ax.transAxes,
                horizontalalignment='center', size='x-large')
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 32.541 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_discretization_classification.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_discretization_classification.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/preprocessing/plot_discretization_classification.html

