# Module: tf.compat.v1.random

Public API for tf.random namespace.

## Modules

`experimental` module: Public API for tf.random.experimental namespace.

## Classes

`class Algorithm`: An enumeration.

`class Generator`: Random-number generator.

## Functions

`all_candidate_sampler(...)`: Generate the set of all classes.

`categorical(...)`: Draws samples from a categorical distribution.

`create_rng_state(...)`: Creates a RNG state from an integer or a vector.

`fixed_unigram_candidate_sampler(...)`: Samples a set of classes using the
provided (fixed) base distribution.

`gamma(...)`: Draws `shape` samples from each of the given Gamma
distribution(s).

`get_global_generator(...)`: Retrieves the global generator.

`get_seed(...)`: Returns the local seeds an operation should use given an op-
specific seed.

`learned_unigram_candidate_sampler(...)`: Samples a set of classes from a
distribution learned during training.

`log_uniform_candidate_sampler(...)`: Samples a set of classes using a log-
uniform (Zipfian) base distribution.

`multinomial(...)`: Draws samples from a multinomial distribution.
(deprecated)

`normal(...)`: Outputs random values from a normal distribution.

`poisson(...)`: Draws `shape` samples from each of the given Poisson
distribution(s).

`set_global_generator(...)`: Replaces the global generator with another
`Generator` object.

`set_random_seed(...)`: Sets the graph-level random seed for the default
graph.

`shuffle(...)`: Randomly shuffles a tensor along its first dimension.

`stateless_binomial(...)`: Outputs deterministic pseudorandom values from a
binomial distribution.

`stateless_categorical(...)`: Draws deterministic pseudorandom samples from a
categorical distribution.

`stateless_gamma(...)`: Outputs deterministic pseudorandom values from a gamma
distribution.

`stateless_multinomial(...)`: Draws deterministic pseudorandom samples from a
multinomial distribution. (deprecated)

`stateless_normal(...)`: Outputs deterministic pseudorandom values from a
normal distribution.

`stateless_parameterized_truncated_normal(...)`: Outputs random values from a
truncated normal distribution.

`stateless_poisson(...)`: Outputs deterministic pseudorandom values from a
Poisson distribution.

`stateless_truncated_normal(...)`: Outputs deterministic pseudorandom values,
truncated normally distributed.

`stateless_uniform(...)`: Outputs deterministic pseudorandom values from a
uniform distribution.

`truncated_normal(...)`: Outputs random values from a truncated normal
distribution.

`uniform(...)`: Outputs random values from a uniform distribution.

`uniform_candidate_sampler(...)`: Samples a set of classes using a uniform
base distribution.

Â© 2020 The TensorFlow Authors. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License 3.0.  
Code samples licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.  
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r2.4/api_docs/python/tf/compat/v1/random

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

