# Comparison of kernel ridge and Gaussian process regression

Both kernel ridge regression (KRR) and Gaussian process regression (GPR) learn
a target function by employing internally the “kernel trick”. KRR learns a
linear function in the space induced by the respective kernel which
corresponds to a non-linear function in the original space. The linear
function in the kernel space is chosen based on the mean-squared error loss
with ridge regularization. GPR uses the kernel to define the covariance of a
prior distribution over the target functions and uses the observed training
data to define a likelihood function. Based on Bayes theorem, a (Gaussian)
posterior distribution over target functions is defined, whose mean is used
for prediction.

A major difference is that GPR can choose the kernel’s hyperparameters based
on gradient-ascent on the marginal likelihood function while KRR needs to
perform a grid search on a cross-validated loss function (mean-squared error
loss). A further difference is that GPR learns a generative, probabilistic
model of the target function and can thus provide meaningful confidence
intervals and posterior samples along with the predictions while KRR only
provides predictions.

This example illustrates both methods on an artificial dataset, which consists
of a sinusoidal target function and strong noise. The figure compares the
learned model of KRR and GPR based on a ExpSineSquared kernel, which is suited
for learning periodic functions. The kernel’s hyperparameters control the
smoothness (l) and periodicity of the kernel (p). Moreover, the noise level of
the data is learned explicitly by GPR by an additional WhiteKernel component
in the kernel and by the regularization parameter alpha of KRR.

The figure shows that both methods learn reasonable models of the target
function. GPR correctly identifies the periodicity of the function to be
roughly 2*pi (6.28), while KRR chooses the doubled periodicity 4*pi. Besides
that, GPR provides reasonable confidence bounds on the prediction which are
not available for KRR. A major difference between the two methods is the time
required for fitting and predicting: while fitting KRR is fast in principle,
the grid-search for hyperparameter optimization scales exponentially with the
number of hyperparameters (“curse of dimensionality”). The gradient-based
optimization of the parameters in GPR does not suffer from this exponential
scaling and is thus considerable faster on this example with 3-dimensional
hyperparameter space. The time for predicting is similar; however, generating
the variance of the predictive distribution of GPR takes considerable longer
than just predicting the mean.

![GPR versus Kernel
Ridge](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out:

    
    Time for KRR fitting: 5.231
    Time for GPR fitting: 0.106
    Time for KRR prediction: 0.045
    Time for GPR prediction: 0.059
    Time for GPR prediction with standard-deviation: 0.061
    
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Authors: Jan Hendrik Metzen <jhm@informatik.uni-bremen.de>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    
    import time
    
    import numpy as np
    
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    from sklearn.kernel_ridge import KernelRidge
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV
    from sklearn.gaussian_process import GaussianProcessRegressor
    from sklearn.gaussian_process.kernels import WhiteKernel, ExpSineSquared
    
    rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
    
    # Generate sample data
    X = 15 * rng.rand(100, 1)
    y = np.sin(X).ravel()
    y += 3 * (0.5 - rng.rand(X.shape[0]))  # add noise
    
    # Fit KernelRidge with parameter selection based on 5-fold cross validation
    param_grid = {"alpha": [1e0, 1e-1, 1e-2, 1e-3],
                  "kernel": [ExpSineSquared(l, p)
                             for l in np.logspace(-2, 2, 10)
                             for p in np.logspace(0, 2, 10)]}
    kr = GridSearchCV(KernelRidge(), param_grid=param_grid)
    stime = time.time()
    kr.fit(X, y)
    print("Time for KRR fitting: %.3f" % (time.time() - stime))
    
    gp_kernel = ExpSineSquared(1.0, 5.0, periodicity_bounds=(1e-2, 1e1)) \
        + WhiteKernel(1e-1)
    gpr = GaussianProcessRegressor(kernel=gp_kernel)
    stime = time.time()
    gpr.fit(X, y)
    print("Time for GPR fitting: %.3f" % (time.time() - stime))
    
    # Predict using kernel ridge
    X_plot = np.linspace(0, 20, 10000)[:, None]
    stime = time.time()
    y_kr = kr.predict(X_plot)
    print("Time for KRR prediction: %.3f" % (time.time() - stime))
    
    # Predict using gaussian process regressor
    stime = time.time()
    y_gpr = gpr.predict(X_plot, return_std=False)
    print("Time for GPR prediction: %.3f" % (time.time() - stime))
    
    stime = time.time()
    y_gpr, y_std = gpr.predict(X_plot, return_std=True)
    print("Time for GPR prediction with standard-deviation: %.3f"
          % (time.time() - stime))
    
    # Plot results
    plt.figure(figsize=(10, 5))
    lw = 2
    plt.scatter(X, y, c='k', label='data')
    plt.plot(X_plot, np.sin(X_plot), color='navy', lw=lw, label='True')
    plt.plot(X_plot, y_kr, color='turquoise', lw=lw,
             label='KRR (%s)' % kr.best_params_)
    plt.plot(X_plot, y_gpr, color='darkorange', lw=lw,
             label='GPR (%s)' % gpr.kernel_)
    plt.fill_between(X_plot[:, 0], y_gpr - y_std, y_gpr + y_std, color='darkorange',
                     alpha=0.2)
    plt.xlabel('data')
    plt.ylabel('target')
    plt.xlim(0, 20)
    plt.ylim(-4, 4)
    plt.title('GPR versus Kernel Ridge')
    plt.legend(loc="best",  scatterpoints=1, prop={'size': 8})
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 5.741 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_compare_gpr_krr.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_compare_gpr_krr.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/gaussian_process/plot_compare_gpr_krr.html

