# Compressive sensing: tomography reconstruction with L1 prior (Lasso)

This example shows the reconstruction of an image from a set of parallel
projections, acquired along different angles. Such a dataset is acquired in
computed tomography (CT).

Without any prior information on the sample, the number of projections
required to reconstruct the image is of the order of the linear size `l` of
the image (in pixels). For simplicity we consider here a sparse image, where
only pixels on the boundary of objects have a non-zero value. Such data could
correspond for example to a cellular material. Note however that most images
are sparse in a different basis, such as the Haar wavelets. Only `l/7`
projections are acquired, therefore it is necessary to use prior information
available on the sample (its sparsity): this is an example of compressive
sensing.

The tomography projection operation is a linear transformation. In addition to
the data-fidelity term corresponding to a linear regression, we penalize the
L1 norm of the image to account for its sparsity. The resulting optimization
problem is called the Lasso. We use the class `Lasso`, that uses the
coordinate descent algorithm. Importantly, this implementation is more
computationally efficient on a sparse matrix, than the projection operator
used here.

The reconstruction with L1 penalization gives a result with zero error (all
pixels are successfully labeled with 0 or 1), even if noise was added to the
projections. In comparison, an L2 penalization (`Ridge`) produces a large
number of labeling errors for the pixels. Important artifacts are observed on
the reconstructed image, contrary to the L1 penalization. Note in particular
the circular artifact separating the pixels in the corners, that have
contributed to fewer projections than the central disk.

![original image, L2 penalization, L1
penalization](data:image/png;base64,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)

    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Author: Emmanuelle Gouillart <emmanuelle.gouillart@nsup.org>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    import numpy as np
    from scipy import sparse
    from scipy import ndimage
    from sklearn.linear_model import Lasso
    from sklearn.linear_model import Ridge
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    
    def _weights(x, dx=1, orig=0):
        x = np.ravel(x)
        floor_x = np.floor((x - orig) / dx).astype(np.int64)
        alpha = (x - orig - floor_x * dx) / dx
        return np.hstack((floor_x, floor_x + 1)), np.hstack((1 - alpha, alpha))
    
    
    def _generate_center_coordinates(l_x):
        X, Y = np.mgrid[:l_x, :l_x].astype(np.float64)
        center = l_x / 2.
        X += 0.5 - center
        Y += 0.5 - center
        return X, Y
    
    
    def build_projection_operator(l_x, n_dir):
        """ Compute the tomography design matrix.
    
        Parameters
        ----------
    
        l_x : int
            linear size of image array
    
        n_dir : int
            number of angles at which projections are acquired.
    
        Returns
        -------
        p : sparse matrix of shape (n_dir l_x, l_x**2)
        """
        X, Y = _generate_center_coordinates(l_x)
        angles = np.linspace(0, np.pi, n_dir, endpoint=False)
        data_inds, weights, camera_inds = [], [], []
        data_unravel_indices = np.arange(l_x ** 2)
        data_unravel_indices = np.hstack((data_unravel_indices,
                                          data_unravel_indices))
        for i, angle in enumerate(angles):
            Xrot = np.cos(angle) * X - np.sin(angle) * Y
            inds, w = _weights(Xrot, dx=1, orig=X.min())
            mask = np.logical_and(inds >= 0, inds < l_x)
            weights += list(w[mask])
            camera_inds += list(inds[mask] + i * l_x)
            data_inds += list(data_unravel_indices[mask])
        proj_operator = sparse.coo_matrix((weights, (camera_inds, data_inds)))
        return proj_operator
    
    
    def generate_synthetic_data():
        """ Synthetic binary data """
        rs = np.random.RandomState(0)
        n_pts = 36
        x, y = np.ogrid[0:l, 0:l]
        mask_outer = (x - l / 2.) ** 2 + (y - l / 2.) ** 2 < (l / 2.) ** 2
        mask = np.zeros((l, l))
        points = l * rs.rand(2, n_pts)
        mask[(points[0]).astype(int), (points[1]).astype(int)] = 1
        mask = ndimage.gaussian_filter(mask, sigma=l / n_pts)
        res = np.logical_and(mask > mask.mean(), mask_outer)
        return np.logical_xor(res, ndimage.binary_erosion(res))
    
    
    # Generate synthetic images, and projections
    l = 128
    proj_operator = build_projection_operator(l, l // 7)
    data = generate_synthetic_data()
    proj = proj_operator @ data.ravel()[:, np.newaxis]
    proj += 0.15 * np.random.randn(*proj.shape)
    
    # Reconstruction with L2 (Ridge) penalization
    rgr_ridge = Ridge(alpha=0.2)
    rgr_ridge.fit(proj_operator, proj.ravel())
    rec_l2 = rgr_ridge.coef_.reshape(l, l)
    
    # Reconstruction with L1 (Lasso) penalization
    # the best value of alpha was determined using cross validation
    # with LassoCV
    rgr_lasso = Lasso(alpha=0.001)
    rgr_lasso.fit(proj_operator, proj.ravel())
    rec_l1 = rgr_lasso.coef_.reshape(l, l)
    
    plt.figure(figsize=(8, 3.3))
    plt.subplot(131)
    plt.imshow(data, cmap=plt.cm.gray, interpolation='nearest')
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.title('original image')
    plt.subplot(132)
    plt.imshow(rec_l2, cmap=plt.cm.gray, interpolation='nearest')
    plt.title('L2 penalization')
    plt.axis('off')
    plt.subplot(133)
    plt.imshow(rec_l1, cmap=plt.cm.gray, interpolation='nearest')
    plt.title('L1 penalization')
    plt.axis('off')
    
    plt.subplots_adjust(hspace=0.01, wspace=0.01, top=1, bottom=0, left=0,
                        right=1)
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 10.438 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_tomography_l1_reconstruction.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_tomography_l1_reconstruction.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/applications/plot_tomography_l1_reconstruction.html

