# Outlier detection on a real data set

This example illustrates the need for robust covariance estimation on a real
data set. It is useful both for outlier detection and for a better
understanding of the data structure.

We selected two sets of two variables from the Boston housing data set as an
illustration of what kind of analysis can be done with several outlier
detection tools. For the purpose of visualization, we are working with two-
dimensional examples, but one should be aware that things are not so trivial
in high-dimension, as it will be pointed out.

In both examples below, the main result is that the empirical covariance
estimate, as a non-robust one, is highly influenced by the heterogeneous
structure of the observations. Although the robust covariance estimate is able
to focus on the main mode of the data distribution, it sticks to the
assumption that the data should be Gaussian distributed, yielding some biased
estimation of the data structure, but yet accurate to some extent. The One-
Class SVM does not assume any parametric form of the data distribution and can
therefore model the complex shape of the data much better.

## First example

The first example illustrates how the Minimum Covariance Determinant robust
estimator can help concentrate on a relevant cluster when outlying points
exist. Here the empirical covariance estimation is skewed by points outside of
the main cluster. Of course, some screening tools would have pointed out the
presence of two clusters (Support Vector Machines, Gaussian Mixture Models,
univariate outlier detection, â€¦). But had it been a high-dimensional example,
none of these could be applied that easily.

    
    print(__doc__)
    
    # Author: Virgile Fritsch <virgile.fritsch@inria.fr>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    import numpy as np
    from sklearn.covariance import EllipticEnvelope
    from sklearn.svm import OneClassSVM
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    import matplotlib.font_manager
    from sklearn.datasets import load_wine
    
    # Define "classifiers" to be used
    classifiers = {
        "Empirical Covariance": EllipticEnvelope(support_fraction=1.,
                                                 contamination=0.25),
        "Robust Covariance (Minimum Covariance Determinant)":
        EllipticEnvelope(contamination=0.25),
        "OCSVM": OneClassSVM(nu=0.25, gamma=0.35)}
    colors = ['m', 'g', 'b']
    legend1 = {}
    legend2 = {}
    
    # Get data
    X1 = load_wine()['data'][:, [1, 2]]  # two clusters
    
    # Learn a frontier for outlier detection with several classifiers
    xx1, yy1 = np.meshgrid(np.linspace(0, 6, 500), np.linspace(1, 4.5, 500))
    for i, (clf_name, clf) in enumerate(classifiers.items()):
        plt.figure(1)
        clf.fit(X1)
        Z1 = clf.decision_function(np.c_[xx1.ravel(), yy1.ravel()])
        Z1 = Z1.reshape(xx1.shape)
        legend1[clf_name] = plt.contour(
            xx1, yy1, Z1, levels=[0], linewidths=2, colors=colors[i])
    
    legend1_values_list = list(legend1.values())
    legend1_keys_list = list(legend1.keys())
    
    # Plot the results (= shape of the data points cloud)
    plt.figure(1)  # two clusters
    plt.title("Outlier detection on a real data set (wine recognition)")
    plt.scatter(X1[:, 0], X1[:, 1], color='black')
    bbox_args = dict(boxstyle="round", fc="0.8")
    arrow_args = dict(arrowstyle="->")
    plt.annotate("outlying points", xy=(4, 2),
                 xycoords="data", textcoords="data",
                 xytext=(3, 1.25), bbox=bbox_args, arrowprops=arrow_args)
    plt.xlim((xx1.min(), xx1.max()))
    plt.ylim((yy1.min(), yy1.max()))
    plt.legend((legend1_values_list[0].collections[0],
                legend1_values_list[1].collections[0],
                legend1_values_list[2].collections[0]),
               (legend1_keys_list[0], legend1_keys_list[1], legend1_keys_list[2]),
               loc="upper center",
               prop=matplotlib.font_manager.FontProperties(size=11))
    plt.ylabel("ash")
    plt.xlabel("malic_acid")
    
    plt.show()
    
![Outlier detection on a real data set \(wine
recognition\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

## Second example

The second example shows the ability of the Minimum Covariance Determinant
robust estimator of covariance to concentrate on the main mode of the data
distribution: the location seems to be well estimated, although the covariance
is hard to estimate due to the banana-shaped distribution. Anyway, we can get
rid of some outlying observations. The One-Class SVM is able to capture the
real data structure, but the difficulty is to adjust its kernel bandwidth
parameter so as to obtain a good compromise between the shape of the data
scatter matrix and the risk of over-fitting the data.

    
    # Get data
    X2 = load_wine()['data'][:, [6, 9]]  # "banana"-shaped
    
    # Learn a frontier for outlier detection with several classifiers
    xx2, yy2 = np.meshgrid(np.linspace(-1, 5.5, 500), np.linspace(-2.5, 19, 500))
    for i, (clf_name, clf) in enumerate(classifiers.items()):
        plt.figure(2)
        clf.fit(X2)
        Z2 = clf.decision_function(np.c_[xx2.ravel(), yy2.ravel()])
        Z2 = Z2.reshape(xx2.shape)
        legend2[clf_name] = plt.contour(
            xx2, yy2, Z2, levels=[0], linewidths=2, colors=colors[i])
    
    legend2_values_list = list(legend2.values())
    legend2_keys_list = list(legend2.keys())
    
    # Plot the results (= shape of the data points cloud)
    plt.figure(2)  # "banana" shape
    plt.title("Outlier detection on a real data set (wine recognition)")
    plt.scatter(X2[:, 0], X2[:, 1], color='black')
    plt.xlim((xx2.min(), xx2.max()))
    plt.ylim((yy2.min(), yy2.max()))
    plt.legend((legend2_values_list[0].collections[0],
                legend2_values_list[1].collections[0],
                legend2_values_list[2].collections[0]),
               (legend2_keys_list[0], legend2_keys_list[1], legend2_keys_list[2]),
               loc="upper center",
               prop=matplotlib.font_manager.FontProperties(size=11))
    plt.ylabel("color_intensity")
    plt.xlabel("flavanoids")
    
    plt.show()
    
![Outlier detection on a real data set \(wine
recognition\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 3.518 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_outlier_detection_wine.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_outlier_detection_wine.ipynb`

Â© 2007â€“2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/applications/plot_outlier_detection_wine.html

