# matplotlib.collections

![Inheritance diagram of
matplotlib.collections](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classes for the efficient drawing of large collections of objects that share
most properties, e.g., a large number of line segments or polygons.

The classes are not meant to be as flexible as their single element
counterparts (e.g., you may not be able to select all line styles) but they
are meant to be fast for common use cases (e.g., a large set of solid line
segments).

classmatplotlib.collections.AsteriskPolygonCollection(numsides, rotation=0,
sizes=(1,), **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.RegularPolyCollection`

Draw a collection of regular asterisks with numsides points.

Parameters

    
numsidesint

    
The number of sides of the polygon.

rotationfloat

    
The rotation of the polygon in radians.

sizestuple of float

    
The area of the circle circumscribing the polygon in points^2.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

#### Examples

See Lasso Demo for a complete example:

    
    offsets = np.random.rand(20, 2)
    facecolors = [cm.jet(x) for x in np.random.rand(20)]
    
    collection = RegularPolyCollection(
        numsides=5, # a pentagon
        rotation=0, sizes=(50,),
        facecolors=facecolors,
        edgecolors=("black",),
        linewidths=(1,),
        offsets=offsets,
        transOffset=ax.transData,
        )
    
add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_numsides()[source]

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_rotation()[source]

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>,
transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.BrokenBarHCollection(xranges, yrange,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.PolyCollection`

A collection of horizontal bars spanning yrange with a sequence of xranges.

Parameters

    
xrangeslist of (float, float)

    
The sequence of (left-edge-position, width) pairs for each bar.

yrange(float, float)

    
The (lower-edge, height) common to all bars.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, paths=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>,
pickradius=<UNSET>, rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>,
snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, verts=<UNSET>,
verts_and_codes=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`paths` | list of array-like  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`verts` | list of array-like  
`verts_and_codes` | unknown  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths(verts, closed=True)[source]

    
Set the vertices of the polygons.

Parameters

    
vertslist of array-like

    
The sequence of polygons [verts0, verts1, ...] where each element verts_i
defines the vertices of polygon i as a 2D array-like of shape (M, 2).

closedbool, default: True

    
Whether the polygon should be closed by adding a CLOSEPOLY connection at the
end.

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_verts(verts, closed=True)[source]

    
Set the vertices of the polygons.

Parameters

    
vertslist of array-like

    
The sequence of polygons [verts0, verts1, ...] where each element verts_i
defines the vertices of polygon i as a 2D array-like of shape (M, 2).

closedbool, default: True

    
Whether the polygon should be closed by adding a CLOSEPOLY connection at the
end.

set_verts_and_codes(verts, codes)[source]

    
Initialize vertices with path codes.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

classmethodspan_where(x, ymin, ymax, where, **kwargs)[source]

    
Return a `BrokenBarHCollection` that plots horizontal bars from over the
regions in x where where is True. The bars range on the y-axis from ymin to
ymax

kwargs are passed on to the collection.

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.CircleCollection(sizes, **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections._CollectionWithSizes`

A collection of circles, drawn using splines.

Parameters

    
sizesfloat or array-like

    
The area of each circle in points^2.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>,
transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.Collection(edgecolors=None, facecolors=None,
linewidths=None, linestyles='solid', capstyle=None, joinstyle=None,
antialiaseds=None, offsets=None, transOffset=None, norm=None, cmap=None,
pickradius=5.0, hatch=None, urls=None, *, zorder=1, **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.artist.Artist`, `matplotlib.cm.ScalarMappable`

Base class for Collections. Must be subclassed to be usable.

A Collection represents a sequence of `Patch`es that can be drawn more
efficiently together than individually. For example, when a single path is
being drawn repeatedly at different offsets, the renderer can typically
execute a `draw_marker()` call much more efficiently than a series of repeated
calls to `draw_path()` with the offsets put in one-by-one.

Most properties of a collection can be configured per-element. Therefore,
Collections have "plural" versions of many of the properties of a `Patch`
(e.g. `Collection.get_paths` instead of `Patch.get_path`). Exceptions are the
zorder, hatch, pickradius, capstyle and joinstyle properties, which can only
be set globally for the whole collection.

Besides these exceptions, all properties can be specified as single values
(applying to all elements) or sequences of values. The property of the `i`th
element of the collection is:

    
    prop[i % len(prop)]
    
Each Collection can optionally be used as its own `ScalarMappable` by passing
the norm and cmap parameters to its constructor. If the Collection's
`ScalarMappable` matrix `_A` has been set (via a call to
`Collection.set_array`), then at draw time this internal scalar mappable will
be used to set the `facecolors` and `edgecolors`, ignoring those that were
manually passed in.

Parameters

    
edgecolorscolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["patch.edgecolor"]`
(default: `'black'`)

    
Edge color for each patch making up the collection. The special value 'face'
can be passed to make the edgecolor match the facecolor.

facecolorscolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["patch.facecolor"]`
(default: `'C0'`)

    
Face color for each patch making up the collection.

linewidthsfloat or list of floats, default: `rcParams["patch.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.0`)

    
Line width for each patch making up the collection.

linestylesstr or tuple or list thereof, default: 'solid'

    
Valid strings are ['solid', 'dashed', 'dashdot', 'dotted', '-', '--', '-.',
':']. Dash tuples should be of the form:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where onoffseq is an even length tuple of on and off ink lengths in points.
For examples, see Linestyles.

capstyle`CapStyle`-like, default: `rcParams["patch.capstyle"]`

    
Style to use for capping lines for all paths in the collection. Allowed values
are {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}.

joinstyle`JoinStyle`-like, default: `rcParams["patch.joinstyle"]`

    
Style to use for joining lines for all paths in the collection. Allowed values
are {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}.

antialiasedsbool or list of bool, default: `rcParams["patch.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`)

    
Whether each patch in the collection should be drawn with antialiasing.

offsets(float, float) or list thereof, default: (0, 0)

    
A vector by which to translate each patch after rendering (default is no
translation). The translation is performed in screen (pixel) coordinates (i.e.
after the Artist's transform is applied).

transOffset`Transform`, default: `IdentityTransform`

    
A single transform which will be applied to each offsets vector before it is
used.

norm`Normalize`, optional

    
Forwarded to `ScalarMappable`. The default of `None` means that the first draw
call will set `vmin` and `vmax` using the minimum and maximum values of the
data.

cmap`Colormap`, optional

    
Forwarded to `ScalarMappable`. The default of `None` will result in
`rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default: `'viridis'`) being used.

hatchstr, optional

    
Hatching pattern to use in filled paths, if any. Valid strings are ['/', '',
'|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*']. See Hatch style reference for the
meaning of each hatch type.

pickradiusfloat, default: 5.0

    
If `pickradius <= 0`, then `Collection.contains` will return `True` whenever
the test point is inside of one of the polygons formed by the control points
of a Path in the Collection. On the other hand, if it is greater than 0, then
we instead check if the test point is contained in a stroke of width
`2*pickradius` following any of the Paths in the Collection.

urlslist of str, default: None

    
A URL for each patch to link to once drawn. Currently only works for the SVG
backend. See Hyperlinks for examples.

zorderfloat, default: 1

    
The drawing order, shared by all Patches in the Collection. See Zorder Demo
for all defaults and examples.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>,
url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.EllipseCollection(widths, heights, angles,
units='points', **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.Collection`

A collection of ellipses, drawn using splines.

Parameters

    
widthsarray-like

    
The lengths of the first axes (e.g., major axis lengths).

heightsarray-like

    
The lengths of second axes.

anglesarray-like

    
The angles of the first axes, degrees CCW from the x-axis.

units{'points', 'inches', 'dots', 'width', 'height', 'x', 'y', 'xy'}

    
The units in which majors and minors are given; 'width' and 'height' refer to
the dimensions of the axes, while 'x' and 'y' refer to the offsets data units.
'xy' differs from all others in that the angle as plotted varies with the
aspect ratio, and equals the specified angle only when the aspect ratio is
unity. Hence it behaves the same as the `Ellipse` with `axes.transData` as its
transform.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>,
url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.EventCollection(positions,
orientation='horizontal', lineoffset=0, linelength=1, linewidth=None,
color=None, linestyle='solid', antialiased=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.LineCollection`

A collection of locations along a single axis at which an "event" occurred.

The events are given by a 1-dimensional array. They do not have an amplitude
and are displayed as parallel lines.

Parameters

    
positions1D array-like

    
Each value is an event.

orientation{'horizontal', 'vertical'}, default: 'horizontal'

    
The sequence of events is plotted along this direction. The marker lines of
the single events are along the orthogonal direction.

lineoffsetfloat, default: 0

    
The offset of the center of the markers from the origin, in the direction
orthogonal to orientation.

linelengthfloat, default: 1

    
The total height of the marker (i.e. the marker stretches from `lineoffset -
linelength/2` to `lineoffset + linelength/2`).

linewidthfloat or list thereof, default: `rcParams["lines.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.5`)

    
The line width of the event lines, in points.

colorcolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["lines.color"]` (default:
`'C0'`)

    
The color of the event lines.

linestylestr or tuple or list thereof, default: 'solid'

    
Valid strings are ['solid', 'dashed', 'dashdot', 'dotted', '-', '--', '-.',
':']. Dash tuples should be of the form:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where onoffseq is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

antialiasedbool or list thereof, default: `rcParams["lines.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`)

    
Whether to use antialiasing for drawing the lines.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `LineCollection`.

#### Examples

(Source code, png, pdf)

![../_images/eventcollection_demo.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

add_positions(position)[source]

    
Add one or more events at the specified positions.

append_positions(position)[source]

    
Add one or more events at the specified positions.

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

extend_positions(position)[source]

    
Add one or more events at the specified positions.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_color()[source]

    
Return the color of the lines used to mark each event.

get_colors()[source]

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linelength()[source]

    
Return the length of the lines used to mark each event.

get_lineoffset()[source]

    
Return the offset of the lines used to mark each event.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

    
Get the width of the lines used to mark each event.

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_orientation()[source]

    
Return the orientation of the event line ('horizontal' or 'vertical').

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_positions()[source]

    
Return an array containing the floating-point values of the positions.

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_segments()[source]

    
Returns

    
list

    
List of segments in the LineCollection. Each list item contains an array of
vertices.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_horizontal()[source]

    
True if the eventcollection is horizontal, False if vertical.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, colors=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>,
gid=<UNSET>, hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>,
label=<UNSET>, linelength=<UNSET>, lineoffset=<UNSET>, linestyle=<UNSET>,
linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>, offsets=<UNSET>,
orientation=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, paths=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>,
pickradius=<UNSET>, positions=<UNSET>, rasterized=<UNSET>, segments=<UNSET>,
sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>,
urls=<UNSET>, verts=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of colors  
`colors` | color or list of colors  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linelength` | unknown  
`lineoffset` | unknown  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`orientation` | {'horizontal', 'vertical'}  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`paths` | unknown  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`positions` | unknown  
`rasterized` | bool  
`segments` | unknown  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`verts` | unknown  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the LineCollection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

    
Single color (all lines have same color), or a sequence of rgba tuples; if it
is a sequence the lines will cycle through the sequence.

set_colors(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the LineCollection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

    
Single color (all lines have same color), or a sequence of rgba tuples; if it
is a sequence the lines will cycle through the sequence.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linelength(linelength)[source]

    
Set the length of the lines used to mark each event.

set_lineoffset(lineoffset)[source]

    
Set the offset of the lines used to mark each event.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_orientation(orientation)[source]

    
Set the orientation of the event line.

Parameters

    
orientation{'horizontal', 'vertical'}

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths(segments)[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_positions(positions)[source]

    
Set the positions of the events.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_segments(segments)[source]

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_verts(segments)[source]

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
switch_orientation()[source]

    
Switch the orientation of the event line, either from vertical to horizontal
or vice versus.

to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.LineCollection(segments, *args, zorder=2,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.Collection`

Represents a sequence of `Line2D`s that should be drawn together.

This class extends `Collection` to represent a sequence of `Line2D`s instead
of just a sequence of `Patch`s. Just as in `Collection`, each property of a
LineCollection may be either a single value or a list of values. This list is
then used cyclically for each element of the LineCollection, so the property
of the `i`th element of the collection is:

    
    prop[i % len(prop)]
    
The properties of each member of a LineCollection default to their values in
`rcParams["lines.*"]` instead of `rcParams["patch.*"]`, and the property
colors is added in place of edgecolors.

Parameters

    
segmentslist of array-like

    
A sequence of (line0, line1, line2), where:

    
    linen = (x0, y0), (x1, y1), ... (xm, ym)
    
or the equivalent numpy array with two columns. Each line can have a different
number of segments.

linewidthsfloat or list of float, default: `rcParams["lines.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.5`)

    
The width of each line in points.

colorscolor or list of color, default: `rcParams["lines.color"]` (default:
`'C0'`)

    
A sequence of RGBA tuples (e.g., arbitrary color strings, etc, not allowed).

antialiasedsbool or list of bool, default: `rcParams["lines.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`)

    
Whether to use antialiasing for each line.

zorderint, default: 2

    
zorder of the lines once drawn.

facecolorscolor or list of color, default: 'none'

    
When setting facecolors, each line is interpreted as a boundary for an area,
implicitly closing the path from the last point to the first point. The
enclosed area is filled with facecolor. In order to manually specify what
should count as the "interior" of each line, please use `PathCollection`
instead, where the "interior" can be specified by appropriate usage of
`CLOSEPOLY`.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_color()[source]

get_colors()[source]

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_segments()[source]

    
Returns

    
list

    
List of segments in the LineCollection. Each list item contains an array of
vertices.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, colors=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>,
gid=<UNSET>, hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>,
label=<UNSET>, linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>,
offset_transform=<UNSET>, offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>,
paths=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>, rasterized=<UNSET>,
segments=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>,
url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, verts=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of colors  
`colors` | color or list of colors  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`paths` | unknown  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`segments` | unknown  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`verts` | unknown  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the LineCollection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

    
Single color (all lines have same color), or a sequence of rgba tuples; if it
is a sequence the lines will cycle through the sequence.

set_colors(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the LineCollection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

    
Single color (all lines have same color), or a sequence of rgba tuples; if it
is a sequence the lines will cycle through the sequence.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths(segments)[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_segments(segments)[source]

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_verts(segments)[source]

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.PatchCollection(patches, match_original=False,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.Collection`

A generic collection of patches.

This makes it easier to assign a colormap to a heterogeneous collection of
patches.

This also may improve plotting speed, since PatchCollection will draw faster
than a large number of patches.

patches

    
a sequence of Patch objects. This list may include a heterogeneous assortment
of different patch types.

match_original

    
If True, use the colors and linewidths of the original patches. If False, new
colors may be assigned by providing the standard collection arguments,
facecolor, edgecolor, linewidths, norm or cmap.

If any of edgecolors, facecolors, linewidths, antialiaseds are None, they
default to their `rcParams` patch setting, in sequence form.

The use of `ScalarMappable` functionality is optional. If the `ScalarMappable`
matrix `_A` has been set (via a call to `set_array`), at draw time a call to
scalar mappable will be made to set the face colors.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, paths=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>,
pickradius=<UNSET>, rasterized=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>,
transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`paths` | unknown  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths(patches)[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.PathCollection(paths, sizes=None,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections._CollectionWithSizes`

A collection of `Path`s, as created by e.g. `scatter`.

Parameters

    
pathslist of `path.Path`

    
The paths that will make up the `Collection`.

sizesarray-like

    
The factor by which to scale each drawn `Path`. One unit squared in the Path's
data space is scaled to be `sizes**2` points when rendered.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

legend_elements(prop='colors', num='auto', fmt=None, func=<function
PathCollection.<lambda>>, **kwargs)[source]

    
Create legend handles and labels for a PathCollection.

Each legend handle is a `Line2D` representing the Path that was drawn, and
each label is a string what each Path represents.

This is useful for obtaining a legend for a `scatter` plot; e.g.:

    
    scatter = plt.scatter([1, 2, 3],  [4, 5, 6],  c=[7, 2, 3])
    plt.legend(*scatter.legend_elements())
    
creates three legend elements, one for each color with the numerical values
passed to c as the labels.

Also see the Automated legend creation example.

Parameters

    
prop{"colors", "sizes"}, default: "colors"

    
If "colors", the legend handles will show the different colors of the
collection. If "sizes", the legend will show the different sizes. To set both,
use kwargs to directly edit the `Line2D` properties.

numint, None, "auto" (default), array-like, or `Locator`

    
Target number of elements to create. If None, use all unique elements of the
mappable array. If an integer, target to use num elements in the normed range.
If "auto", try to determine which option better suits the nature of the data.
The number of created elements may slightly deviate from num due to a
`Locator` being used to find useful locations. If a list or array, use exactly
those elements for the legend. Finally, a `Locator` can be provided.

fmtstr, `Formatter`, or None (default)

    
The format or formatter to use for the labels. If a string must be a valid
input for a `StrMethodFormatter`. If None (the default), use a
`ScalarFormatter`.

funcfunction, default: `lambda x: x`

    
Function to calculate the labels. Often the size (or color) argument to
`scatter` will have been pre-processed by the user using a function `s = f(x)`
to make the markers visible; e.g. `size = np.log10(x)`. Providing the inverse
of this function here allows that pre-processing to be inverted, so that the
legend labels have the correct values; e.g. `func = lambda x: 10**x`.

**kwargs

    
Allowed keyword arguments are color and size. E.g. it may be useful to set the
color of the markers if prop="sizes" is used; similarly to set the size of the
markers if prop="colors" is used. Any further parameters are passed onto the
`Line2D` instance. This may be useful to e.g. specify a different
markeredgecolor or alpha for the legend handles.

Returns

    
handleslist of `Line2D`

    
Visual representation of each element of the legend.

labelslist of str

    
The string labels for elements of the legend.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, paths=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>,
pickradius=<UNSET>, rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>,
snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`paths` | unknown  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths(paths)[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.PolyCollection(verts, sizes=None, closed=True,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections._CollectionWithSizes`

Parameters

    
vertslist of array-like

    
The sequence of polygons [verts0, verts1, ...] where each element verts_i
defines the vertices of polygon i as a 2D array-like of shape (M, 2).

sizesarray-like, default: None

    
Squared scaling factors for the polygons. The coordinates of each polygon
verts_i are multiplied by the square-root of the corresponding entry in sizes
(i.e., sizes specify the scaling of areas). The scaling is applied before the
Artist master transform.

closedbool, default: True

    
Whether the polygon should be closed by adding a CLOSEPOLY connection at the
end.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, paths=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>,
pickradius=<UNSET>, rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>,
snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, verts=<UNSET>,
verts_and_codes=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`paths` | list of array-like  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`verts` | list of array-like  
`verts_and_codes` | unknown  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths(verts, closed=True)[source]

    
Set the vertices of the polygons.

Parameters

    
vertslist of array-like

    
The sequence of polygons [verts0, verts1, ...] where each element verts_i
defines the vertices of polygon i as a 2D array-like of shape (M, 2).

closedbool, default: True

    
Whether the polygon should be closed by adding a CLOSEPOLY connection at the
end.

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_verts(verts, closed=True)[source]

    
Set the vertices of the polygons.

Parameters

    
vertslist of array-like

    
The sequence of polygons [verts0, verts1, ...] where each element verts_i
defines the vertices of polygon i as a 2D array-like of shape (M, 2).

closedbool, default: True

    
Whether the polygon should be closed by adding a CLOSEPOLY connection at the
end.

set_verts_and_codes(verts, codes)[source]

    
Initialize vertices with path codes.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.QuadMesh(coordinates, *, antialiased=True,
shading='flat', pickradius=0, **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.Collection`

Class for the efficient drawing of a quadrilateral mesh.

A quadrilateral mesh is a grid of M by N adjacent qudrilaterals that are
defined via a (M+1, N+1) grid of vertices. The quadrilateral (m, n) is defined
by the vertices

    
       (m+1, n) ----------- (m+1, n+1)
          /                   /
         /                 /
        /               /
    (m, n) -------- (m, n+1)
    
The mesh need not be regular and the polygons need not be convex.

Parameters

    
coordinates(M+1, N+1, 2) array-like

    
The vertices. `coordinates[m, n]` specifies the (x, y) coordinates of vertex
(m, n).

antialiasedbool, default: True

shading{'flat', 'gouraud'}, default: 'flat'

#### Notes

Unlike other `Collection`s, the default pickradius of `QuadMesh` is 0, i.e.
`contains` checks whether the test point is within any of the mesh
quadrilaterals.

There exists a deprecated API version `QuadMesh(M, N, coords)`, where the
dimensions are given explicitly and `coords` is a (M*N, 2) array-like. This
has been deprecated in Matplotlib 3.5. The following describes the semantics
of this deprecated API.

A quadrilateral mesh consists of a grid of vertices. The dimensions of this
array are (meshWidth \+ 1, meshHeight \+ 1). Each vertex in the mesh has a
different set of "mesh coordinates" representing its position in the topology
of the mesh. For any values (m, n) such that 0 <= m <= meshWidth and 0 <= n <=
meshHeight, the vertices at mesh coordinates (m, n), (m, n \+ 1), (m \+ 1, n
\+ 1), and (m \+ 1, n) form one of the quadrilaterals in the mesh. There are
thus (meshWidth * meshHeight) quadrilaterals in the mesh. The mesh need not be
regular and the polygons need not be convex.

A quadrilateral mesh is represented by a (2 x ((meshWidth \+ 1) * (meshHeight
\+ 1))) numpy array coordinates, where each row is the x and y coordinates of
one of the vertices. To define the function that maps from a data point to its
corresponding color, use the `set_cmap()` method. Each of these arrays is
indexed in row-major order by the mesh coordinates of the vertex (or the mesh
coordinates of the lower left vertex, in the case of the colors).

For example, the first entry in coordinates is the coordinates of the vertex
at mesh coordinates (0, 0), then the one at (0, 1), then at (0, 2) .. (0,
meshWidth), (1, 0), (1, 1), and so on.

Parameters

    
edgecolorscolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["patch.edgecolor"]`
(default: `'black'`)

    
Edge color for each patch making up the collection. The special value 'face'
can be passed to make the edgecolor match the facecolor.

facecolorscolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["patch.facecolor"]`
(default: `'C0'`)

    
Face color for each patch making up the collection.

linewidthsfloat or list of floats, default: `rcParams["patch.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.0`)

    
Line width for each patch making up the collection.

linestylesstr or tuple or list thereof, default: 'solid'

    
Valid strings are ['solid', 'dashed', 'dashdot', 'dotted', '-', '--', '-.',
':']. Dash tuples should be of the form:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where onoffseq is an even length tuple of on and off ink lengths in points.
For examples, see Linestyles.

capstyle`CapStyle`-like, default: `rcParams["patch.capstyle"]`

    
Style to use for capping lines for all paths in the collection. Allowed values
are {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}.

joinstyle`JoinStyle`-like, default: `rcParams["patch.joinstyle"]`

    
Style to use for joining lines for all paths in the collection. Allowed values
are {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}.

antialiasedsbool or list of bool, default: `rcParams["patch.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`)

    
Whether each patch in the collection should be drawn with antialiasing.

offsets(float, float) or list thereof, default: (0, 0)

    
A vector by which to translate each patch after rendering (default is no
translation). The translation is performed in screen (pixel) coordinates (i.e.
after the Artist's transform is applied).

transOffset`Transform`, default: `IdentityTransform`

    
A single transform which will be applied to each offsets vector before it is
used.

norm`Normalize`, optional

    
Forwarded to `ScalarMappable`. The default of `None` means that the first draw
call will set `vmin` and `vmax` using the minimum and maximum values of the
data.

cmap`Colormap`, optional

    
Forwarded to `ScalarMappable`. The default of `None` will result in
`rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default: `'viridis'`) being used.

hatchstr, optional

    
Hatching pattern to use in filled paths, if any. Valid strings are ['/', '',
'|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*']. See Hatch style reference for the
meaning of each hatch type.

pickradiusfloat, default: 5.0

    
If `pickradius <= 0`, then `Collection.contains` will return `True` whenever
the test point is inside of one of the polygons formed by the control points
of a Path in the Collection. On the other hand, if it is greater than 0, then
we instead check if the test point is contained in a stroke of width
`2*pickradius` following any of the Paths in the Collection.

urlslist of str, default: None

    
A URL for each patch to link to once drawn. Currently only works for the SVG
backend. See Hyperlinks for examples.

zorderfloat, default: 1

    
The drawing order, shared by all Patches in the Collection. See Zorder Demo
for all defaults and examples.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

staticconvert_mesh_to_paths(meshWidth, meshHeight, coordinates)[source]

    
[Deprecated]

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.5:

convert_mesh_to_triangles(meshWidth, meshHeight, coordinates)[source]

    
[Deprecated]

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.5:

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_coordinates()[source]

    
Return the vertices of the mesh as an (M+1, N+1, 2) array.

M, N are the number of quadrilaterals in the rows / columns of the mesh,
corresponding to (M+1, N+1) vertices. The last dimension specifies the
components (x, y).

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>,
url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | (M, N) array-like or M*N array-like  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the data values.

Parameters

    
A(M, N) array-like or M*N array-like

    
If the values are provided as a 2D grid, the shape must match the coordinates
grid. If the values are 1D, they are reshaped to 2D. M, N follow from the
coordinates grid, where the coordinates grid shape is (M, N) for 'gouraud'
shading and (M+1, N+1) for 'flat' shading.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.RegularPolyCollection(numsides, rotation=0,
sizes=(1,), **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections._CollectionWithSizes`

A collection of n-sided regular polygons.

Parameters

    
numsidesint

    
The number of sides of the polygon.

rotationfloat

    
The rotation of the polygon in radians.

sizestuple of float

    
The area of the circle circumscribing the polygon in points^2.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

#### Examples

See Lasso Demo for a complete example:

    
    offsets = np.random.rand(20, 2)
    facecolors = [cm.jet(x) for x in np.random.rand(20)]
    
    collection = RegularPolyCollection(
        numsides=5, # a pentagon
        rotation=0, sizes=(50,),
        facecolors=facecolors,
        edgecolors=("black",),
        linewidths=(1,),
        offsets=offsets,
        transOffset=ax.transData,
        )
    
add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_numsides()[source]

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_rotation()[source]

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>,
transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.StarPolygonCollection(numsides, rotation=0,
sizes=(1,), **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.RegularPolyCollection`

Draw a collection of regular stars with numsides points.

Parameters

    
numsidesint

    
The number of sides of the polygon.

rotationfloat

    
The rotation of the polygon in radians.

sizestuple of float

    
The area of the circle circumscribing the polygon in points^2.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `Collection`.

#### Examples

See Lasso Demo for a complete example:

    
    offsets = np.random.rand(20, 2)
    facecolors = [cm.jet(x) for x in np.random.rand(20)]
    
    collection = RegularPolyCollection(
        numsides=5, # a pentagon
        rotation=0, sizes=(50,),
        facecolors=facecolors,
        edgecolors=("black",),
        linewidths=(1,),
        offsets=offsets,
        transOffset=ax.transData,
        )
    
add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_numsides()[source]

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_rotation()[source]

get_sizes()[source]

    
Return the sizes ('areas') of the elements in the collection.

Returns

    
array

    
The 'area' of each element.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sizes=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>,
transform=<UNSET>, url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>,
zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sizes` | ndarray or None  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sizes(sizes, dpi=72.0)[source]

    
Set the sizes of each member of the collection.

Parameters

    
sizesndarray or None

    
The size to set for each element of the collection. The value is the 'area' of
the element.

dpifloat, default: 72

    
The dpi of the canvas.

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

classmatplotlib.collections.TriMesh(triangulation, **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.collections.Collection`

Class for the efficient drawing of a triangular mesh using Gouraud shading.

A triangular mesh is a `Triangulation` object.

Parameters

    
edgecolorscolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["patch.edgecolor"]`
(default: `'black'`)

    
Edge color for each patch making up the collection. The special value 'face'
can be passed to make the edgecolor match the facecolor.

facecolorscolor or list of colors, default: `rcParams["patch.facecolor"]`
(default: `'C0'`)

    
Face color for each patch making up the collection.

linewidthsfloat or list of floats, default: `rcParams["patch.linewidth"]`
(default: `1.0`)

    
Line width for each patch making up the collection.

linestylesstr or tuple or list thereof, default: 'solid'

    
Valid strings are ['solid', 'dashed', 'dashdot', 'dotted', '-', '--', '-.',
':']. Dash tuples should be of the form:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where onoffseq is an even length tuple of on and off ink lengths in points.
For examples, see Linestyles.

capstyle`CapStyle`-like, default: `rcParams["patch.capstyle"]`

    
Style to use for capping lines for all paths in the collection. Allowed values
are {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}.

joinstyle`JoinStyle`-like, default: `rcParams["patch.joinstyle"]`

    
Style to use for joining lines for all paths in the collection. Allowed values
are {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}.

antialiasedsbool or list of bool, default: `rcParams["patch.antialiased"]`
(default: `True`)

    
Whether each patch in the collection should be drawn with antialiasing.

offsets(float, float) or list thereof, default: (0, 0)

    
A vector by which to translate each patch after rendering (default is no
translation). The translation is performed in screen (pixel) coordinates (i.e.
after the Artist's transform is applied).

transOffset`Transform`, default: `IdentityTransform`

    
A single transform which will be applied to each offsets vector before it is
used.

norm`Normalize`, optional

    
Forwarded to `ScalarMappable`. The default of `None` means that the first draw
call will set `vmin` and `vmax` using the minimum and maximum values of the
data.

cmap`Colormap`, optional

    
Forwarded to `ScalarMappable`. The default of `None` will result in
`rcParams["image.cmap"]` (default: `'viridis'`) being used.

hatchstr, optional

    
Hatching pattern to use in filled paths, if any. Valid strings are ['/', '',
'|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*']. See Hatch style reference for the
meaning of each hatch type.

pickradiusfloat, default: 5.0

    
If `pickradius <= 0`, then `Collection.contains` will return `True` whenever
the test point is inside of one of the polygons formed by the control points
of a Path in the Collection. On the other hand, if it is greater than 0, then
we instead check if the test point is contained in a stroke of width
`2*pickradius` following any of the Paths in the Collection.

urlslist of str, default: None

    
A URL for each patch to link to once drawn. Currently only works for the SVG
backend. See Hyperlinks for examples.

zorderfloat, default: 1

    
The drawing order, shared by all Patches in the Collection. See Zorder Demo
for all defaults and examples.

add_callback(func)[source]

    
Add a callback function that will be called whenever one of the `Artist`'s
properties changes.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
The callback function. It must have the signature:

    
    def func(artist: Artist) -> Any
    
where artist is the calling `Artist`. Return values may exist but are ignored.

Returns

    
int

    
The observer id associated with the callback. This id can be used for removing
the callback with `remove_callback` later.

See also

`remove_callback`

autoscale()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array

autoscale_None()[source]

    
Autoscale the scalar limits on the norm instance using the current array,
changing only limits that are None

propertyaxes

    
The `Axes` instance the artist resides in, or None.

propertycallbacksSM[source]

changed()[source]

    
Call this whenever the mappable is changed to notify all the callbackSM
listeners to the 'changed' signal.

colorbar

    
The last colorbar associated with this ScalarMappable. May be None.

contains(mouseevent)[source]

    
Test whether the mouse event occurred in the collection.

Returns `bool, dict(ind=itemlist)`, where every item in itemlist contains the
event.

staticconvert_mesh_to_paths(tri)[source]

    
Convert a given mesh into a sequence of `Path` objects.

This function is primarily of use to implementers of backends that do not
directly support meshes.

convert_xunits(x)[source]

    
Convert x using the unit type of the xaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the xaxis does not have
units, x itself is returned.

convert_yunits(y)[source]

    
Convert y using the unit type of the yaxis.

If the artist is not in contained in an Axes or if the yaxis does not have
units, y itself is returned.

draw(renderer)[source]

    
Draw the Artist (and its children) using the given renderer.

This has no effect if the artist is not visible (`Artist.get_visible` returns
False).

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass.

#### Notes

This method is overridden in the Artist subclasses.

findobj(match=None, include_self=True)[source]

    
Find artist objects.

Recursively find all `Artist` instances contained in the artist.

Parameters

    
match

    
A filter criterion for the matches. This can be

  * None: Return all objects contained in artist.
  * A function with signature `def match(artist: Artist) -> bool`. The result will only contain artists for which the function returns True.
  * A class instance: e.g., `Line2D`. The result will only contain artists of this class or its subclasses (`isinstance` check).

include_selfbool

    
Include self in the list to be checked for a match.

Returns

    
list of `Artist`

format_cursor_data(data)[source]

    
Return a string representation of data.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

The default implementation converts ints and floats and arrays of ints and
floats into a comma-separated string enclosed in square brackets, unless the
artist has an associated colorbar, in which case scalar values are formatted
using the colorbar's formatter.

See also

`get_cursor_data`

get_agg_filter()[source]

    
Return filter function to be used for agg filter.

get_alpha()[source]

    
Return the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

get_animated()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is animated.

get_array()[source]

    
Return the array of values, that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the array.

get_capstyle()[source]

get_children()[source]

    
Return a list of the child `Artist`s of this `Artist`.

get_clim()[source]

    
Return the values (min, max) that are mapped to the colormap limits.

get_clip_box()[source]

    
Return the clipbox.

get_clip_on()[source]

    
Return whether the artist uses clipping.

get_clip_path()[source]

    
Return the clip path.

get_cmap()[source]

    
Return the `Colormap` instance.

get_cursor_data(event)[source]

    
Return the cursor data for a given event.

Note

This method is intended to be overridden by artist subclasses. As an end-user
of Matplotlib you will most likely not call this method yourself.

Cursor data can be used by Artists to provide additional context information
for a given event. The default implementation just returns None.

Subclasses can override the method and return arbitrary data. However, when
doing so, they must ensure that `format_cursor_data` can convert the data to a
string representation.

The only current use case is displaying the z-value of an `AxesImage` in the
status bar of a plot window, while moving the mouse.

Parameters

    
event`matplotlib.backend_bases.MouseEvent`

See also

`format_cursor_data`

get_dashes()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_datalim(transData)[source]

get_ec()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_edgecolor()[source]

get_edgecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_edgecolor`.

get_facecolor()[source]

get_facecolors()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_fc()[source]

    
Alias for `get_facecolor`.

get_figure()[source]

    
Return the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

get_fill()[source]

    
Return whether face is colored.

get_gid()[source]

    
Return the group id.

get_hatch()[source]

    
Return the current hatching pattern.

get_in_layout()[source]

    
Return boolean flag, `True` if artist is included in layout calculations.

E.g. Constrained Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and
`fig.savefig(fname, bbox_inches='tight')`.

get_joinstyle()[source]

get_label()[source]

    
Return the label used for this artist in the legend.

get_linestyle()[source]

get_linestyles()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_linewidth()[source]

get_linewidths()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_ls()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linestyle`.

get_lw()[source]

    
Alias for `get_linewidth`.

get_offset_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist offset.

get_offsets()[source]

    
Return the offsets for the collection.

get_path_effects()[source]

get_paths()[source]

get_picker()[source]

    
Return the picking behavior of the artist.

The possible values are described in `set_picker`.

See also

`set_picker`, `pickable`, `pick`

get_pickradius()[source]

get_rasterized()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is to be rasterized.

get_sketch_params()[source]

    
Return the sketch parameters for the artist.

Returns

    
tuple or None

    
A 3-tuple with the following elements:

  * scale: The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line.
  * length: The length of the wiggle along the line.
  * randomness: The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded.

Returns None if no sketch parameters were set.

get_snap()[source]

    
Return the snap setting.

See `set_snap` for details.

get_tightbbox(renderer)[source]

    
Like `Artist.get_window_extent`, but includes any clipping.

Parameters

    
renderer`RendererBase` subclass

    
renderer that will be used to draw the figures (i.e.
`fig.canvas.get_renderer()`)

Returns

    
`Bbox`

    
The enclosing bounding box (in figure pixel coordinates).

get_transform()[source]

    
Return the `Transform` instance used by this artist.

get_transformed_clip_path_and_affine()[source]

    
Return the clip path with the non-affine part of its transformation applied,
and the remaining affine part of its transformation.

get_transforms()[source]

get_url()[source]

    
Return the url.

get_urls()[source]

    
Return a list of URLs, one for each element of the collection.

The list contains None for elements without a URL. See Hyperlinks for an
example.

get_visible()[source]

    
Return the visibility.

get_window_extent(renderer)[source]

    
Get the artist's bounding box in display space.

The bounding box' width and height are nonnegative.

Subclasses should override for inclusion in the bounding box "tight"
calculation. Default is to return an empty bounding box at 0, 0.

Be careful when using this function, the results will not update if the artist
window extent of the artist changes. The extent can change due to any changes
in the transform stack, such as changing the axes limits, the figure size, or
the canvas used (as is done when saving a figure). This can lead to unexpected
behavior where interactive figures will look fine on the screen, but will save
incorrectly.

get_zorder()[source]

    
Return the artist's zorder.

have_units()[source]

    
Return whether units are set on any axis.

is_transform_set()[source]

    
Return whether the Artist has an explicitly set transform.

This is True after `set_transform` has been called.

propertymouseover

    
If this property is set to True, the artist will be queried for custom context
information when the mouse cursor moves over it.

See also `get_cursor_data()`, `ToolCursorPosition` and `NavigationToolbar2`.

propertynorm

pchanged()[source]

    
Call all of the registered callbacks.

This function is triggered internally when a property is changed.

See also

`add_callback`

`remove_callback`

pick(mouseevent)[source]

    
Process a pick event.

Each child artist will fire a pick event if mouseevent is over the artist and
the artist has picker set.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pickable`

pickable()[source]

    
Return whether the artist is pickable.

See also

`set_picker`, `get_picker`, `pick`

properties()[source]

    
Return a dictionary of all the properties of the artist.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the artist from the figure if possible.

The effect will not be visible until the figure is redrawn, e.g., with
`FigureCanvasBase.draw_idle`. Call `relim` to update the axes limits if
desired.

Note: `relim` will not see collections even if the collection was added to the
axes with autolim = True.

Note: there is no support for removing the artist's legend entry.

remove_callback(oid)[source]

    
Remove a callback based on its observer id.

See also

`add_callback`

set(*, agg_filter=<UNSET>, alpha=<UNSET>, animated=<UNSET>,
antialiased=<UNSET>, array=<UNSET>, capstyle=<UNSET>, clim=<UNSET>,
clip_box=<UNSET>, clip_on=<UNSET>, clip_path=<UNSET>, cmap=<UNSET>,
color=<UNSET>, edgecolor=<UNSET>, facecolor=<UNSET>, gid=<UNSET>,
hatch=<UNSET>, in_layout=<UNSET>, joinstyle=<UNSET>, label=<UNSET>,
linestyle=<UNSET>, linewidth=<UNSET>, norm=<UNSET>, offset_transform=<UNSET>,
offsets=<UNSET>, path_effects=<UNSET>, picker=<UNSET>, pickradius=<UNSET>,
rasterized=<UNSET>, sketch_params=<UNSET>, snap=<UNSET>, transform=<UNSET>,
url=<UNSET>, urls=<UNSET>, visible=<UNSET>, zorder=<UNSET>)[source]

    
Set multiple properties at once.

Supported properties are

Property | Description  
---|---  
`agg_filter` | a filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and returns a (m, n, 3) array  
`alpha` | array-like or scalar or None  
`animated` | bool  
`antialiased` or aa or antialiaseds | bool or list of bools  
`array` | array-like or None  
`capstyle` | `CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}  
`clim` | (vmin: float, vmax: float)  
`clip_box` | `Bbox`  
`clip_on` | bool  
`clip_path` | Patch or (Path, Transform) or None  
`cmap` | `Colormap` or str or None  
`color` | color or list of rgba tuples  
`edgecolor` or ec or edgecolors | color or list of colors or 'face'  
`facecolor` or facecolors or fc | color or list of colors  
`figure` | `Figure`  
`gid` | str  
`hatch` | {'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}  
`in_layout` | bool  
`joinstyle` | `JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}  
`label` | object  
`linestyle` or dashes or linestyles or ls | str or tuple or list thereof  
`linewidth` or linewidths or lw | float or list of floats  
`norm` | `Normalize` or None  
`offset_transform` | `Transform`  
`offsets` | (N, 2) or (2,) array-like  
`path_effects` | `AbstractPathEffect`  
`picker` | None or bool or float or callable  
`pickradius` | float  
`rasterized` | bool  
`sketch_params` | (scale: float, length: float, randomness: float)  
`snap` | bool or None  
`transform` | `Transform`  
`url` | str  
`urls` | list of str or None  
`visible` | bool  
`zorder` | float  
set_aa(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_agg_filter(filter_func)[source]

    
Set the agg filter.

Parameters

    
filter_funccallable

    
A filter function, which takes a (m, n, 3) float array and a dpi value, and
returns a (m, n, 3) array.

set_alpha(alpha)[source]

    
Set the alpha value used for blending - not supported on all backends.

Parameters

    
alphaarray-like or scalar or None

    
All values must be within the 0-1 range, inclusive. Masked values and nans are
not supported.

set_animated(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist is intended to be used in an animation.

If True, the artist is excluded from regular drawing of the figure. You have
to call `Figure.draw_artist` / `Axes.draw_artist` explicitly on the artist.
This appoach is used to speed up animations using blitting.

See also `matplotlib.animation` and Faster rendering by using blitting.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_antialiased(aa)[source]

    
Set the antialiasing state for rendering.

Parameters

    
aabool or list of bools

set_antialiaseds(aa)[source]

    
Alias for `set_antialiased`.

set_array(A)[source]

    
Set the value array from array-like A.

Parameters

    
Aarray-like or None

    
The values that are mapped to colors.

The base class `ScalarMappable` does not make any assumptions on the
dimensionality and shape of the value array A.

set_capstyle(cs)[source]

    
Set the `CapStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
cs`CapStyle` or {'butt', 'projecting', 'round'}

set_clim(vmin=None, vmax=None)[source]

    
Set the norm limits for image scaling.

Parameters

    
vmin, vmaxfloat

    
The limits.

The limits may also be passed as a tuple (vmin, vmax) as a single positional
argument.

set_clip_box(clipbox)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip `Bbox`.

Parameters

    
clipbox`Bbox`

set_clip_on(b)[source]

    
Set whether the artist uses clipping.

When False artists will be visible outside of the axes which can lead to
unexpected results.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_clip_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Set the artist's clip path.

Parameters

    
path`Patch` or `Path` or `TransformedPath` or None

    
The clip path. If given a `Path`, transform must be provided as well. If None,
a previously set clip path is removed.

transform`Transform`, optional

    
Only used if path is a `Path`, in which case the given `Path` is converted to
a `TransformedPath` using transform.

#### Notes

For efficiency, if path is a `Rectangle` this method will set the clipping box
to the corresponding rectangle and set the clipping path to `None`.

For technical reasons (support of `set`), a tuple (path, transform) is also
accepted as a single positional parameter.

set_cmap(cmap)[source]

    
Set the colormap for luminance data.

Parameters

    
cmap`Colormap` or str or None

set_color(c)[source]

    
Set both the edgecolor and the facecolor.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of rgba tuples

See also

`Collection.set_facecolor`, `Collection.set_edgecolor`

    
For setting the edge or face color individually.

set_dashes(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_ec(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_edgecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the edgecolor(s) of the collection.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors or 'face'

    
The collection edgecolor(s). If a sequence, the patches cycle through it. If
'face', match the facecolor.

set_edgecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_edgecolor`.

set_facecolor(c)[source]

    
Set the facecolor(s) of the collection. c can be a color (all patches have
same color), or a sequence of colors; if it is a sequence the patches will
cycle through the sequence.

If c is 'none', the patch will not be filled.

Parameters

    
ccolor or list of colors

set_facecolors(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_fc(c)[source]

    
Alias for `set_facecolor`.

set_figure(fig)[source]

    
Set the `Figure` instance the artist belongs to.

Parameters

    
fig`Figure`

set_gid(gid)[source]

    
Set the (group) id for the artist.

Parameters

    
gidstr

set_hatch(hatch)[source]

    
Set the hatching pattern

hatch can be one of:

    
    /   - diagonal hatching
    \   - back diagonal
    |   - vertical
    -   - horizontal
    +   - crossed
    x   - crossed diagonal
    o   - small circle
    O   - large circle
    .   - dots
    *   - stars
    
Letters can be combined, in which case all the specified hatchings are done.
If same letter repeats, it increases the density of hatching of that pattern.

Hatching is supported in the PostScript, PDF, SVG and Agg backends only.

Unlike other properties such as linewidth and colors, hatching can only be
specified for the collection as a whole, not separately for each member.

Parameters

    
hatch{'/', '\', '|', '-', '+', 'x', 'o', 'O', '.', '*'}

set_in_layout(in_layout)[source]

    
Set if artist is to be included in layout calculations, E.g. Constrained
Layout Guide, `Figure.tight_layout()`, and `fig.savefig(fname,
bbox_inches='tight')`.

Parameters

    
in_layoutbool

set_joinstyle(js)[source]

    
Set the `JoinStyle` for the collection (for all its elements).

Parameters

    
js`JoinStyle` or {'miter', 'round', 'bevel'}

set_label(s)[source]

    
Set a label that will be displayed in the legend.

Parameters

    
sobject

    
s will be converted to a string by calling `str`.

set_linestyle(ls)[source]

    
Set the linestyle(s) for the collection.

linestyle | description  
---|---  
`'-'` or `'solid'` | solid line  
`'--'` or `'dashed'` | dashed line  
`'-.'` or `'dashdot'` | dash-dotted line  
`':'` or `'dotted'` | dotted line  
Alternatively a dash tuple of the following form can be provided:

    
    (offset, onoffseq),
    
where `onoffseq` is an even length tuple of on and off ink in points.

Parameters

    
lsstr or tuple or list thereof

    
Valid values for individual linestyles include {'-', '--', '-.', ':', '',
(offset, on-off-seq)}. See `Line2D.set_linestyle` for a complete description.

set_linestyles(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_linewidth(lw)[source]

    
Set the linewidth(s) for the collection. lw can be a scalar or a sequence; if
it is a sequence the patches will cycle through the sequence

Parameters

    
lwfloat or list of floats

set_linewidths(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_ls(ls)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linestyle`.

set_lw(lw)[source]

    
Alias for `set_linewidth`.

set_norm(norm)[source]

    
Set the normalization instance.

Parameters

    
norm`Normalize` or None

#### Notes

If there are any colorbars using the mappable for this norm, setting the norm
of the mappable will reset the norm, locator, and formatters on the colorbar
to default.

set_offset_transform(transOffset)[source]

    
Set the artist offset transform.

Parameters

    
transOffset`Transform`

set_offsets(offsets)[source]

    
Set the offsets for the collection.

Parameters

    
offsets(N, 2) or (2,) array-like

set_path_effects(path_effects)[source]

    
Set the path effects.

Parameters

    
path_effects`AbstractPathEffect`

set_paths()[source]

set_picker(picker)[source]

    
Define the picking behavior of the artist.

Parameters

    
pickerNone or bool or float or callable

    
This can be one of the following:

  * None: Picking is disabled for this artist (default).
  * A boolean: If True then picking will be enabled and the artist will fire a pick event if the mouse event is over the artist.
  * A float: If picker is a number it is interpreted as an epsilon tolerance in points and the artist will fire off an event if its data is within epsilon of the mouse event. For some artists like lines and patch collections, the artist may provide additional data to the pick event that is generated, e.g., the indices of the data within epsilon of the pick event
  * A function: If picker is callable, it is a user supplied function which determines whether the artist is hit by the mouse event:
        hit, props = picker(artist, mouseevent)
    
to determine the hit test. if the mouse event is over the artist, return
hit=True and props is a dictionary of properties you want added to the
PickEvent attributes.

set_pickradius(pr)[source]

    
Set the pick radius used for containment tests.

Parameters

    
prfloat

    
Pick radius, in points.

set_rasterized(rasterized)[source]

    
Force rasterized (bitmap) drawing for vector graphics output.

Rasterized drawing is not supported by all artists. If you try to enable this
on an artist that does not support it, the command has no effect and a warning
will be issued.

This setting is ignored for pixel-based output.

See also Rasterization for vector graphics.

Parameters

    
rasterizedbool

set_sketch_params(scale=None, length=None, randomness=None)[source]

    
Set the sketch parameters.

Parameters

    
scalefloat, optional

    
The amplitude of the wiggle perpendicular to the source line, in pixels. If
scale is `None`, or not provided, no sketch filter will be provided.

lengthfloat, optional

    
The length of the wiggle along the line, in pixels (default 128.0)

randomnessfloat, optional

    
The scale factor by which the length is shrunken or expanded (default 16.0)

The PGF backend uses this argument as an RNG seed and not as described above.
Using the same seed yields the same random shape.

set_snap(snap)[source]

    
Set the snapping behavior.

Snapping aligns positions with the pixel grid, which results in clearer
images. For example, if a black line of 1px width was defined at a position in
between two pixels, the resulting image would contain the interpolated value
of that line in the pixel grid, which would be a grey value on both adjacent
pixel positions. In contrast, snapping will move the line to the nearest
integer pixel value, so that the resulting image will really contain a 1px
wide black line.

Snapping is currently only supported by the Agg and MacOSX backends.

Parameters

    
snapbool or None

    
Possible values:

  * True: Snap vertices to the nearest pixel center.
  * False: Do not modify vertex positions.
  * None: (auto) If the path contains only rectilinear line segments, round to the nearest pixel center.

set_transform(t)[source]

    
Set the artist transform.

Parameters

    
t`Transform`

set_url(url)[source]

    
Set the url for the artist.

Parameters

    
urlstr

set_urls(urls)[source]

    
Parameters

    
urlslist of str or None

#### Notes

URLs are currently only implemented by the SVG backend. They are ignored by
all other backends.

set_visible(b)[source]

    
Set the artist's visibility.

Parameters

    
bbool

set_zorder(level)[source]

    
Set the zorder for the artist. Artists with lower zorder values are drawn
first.

Parameters

    
levelfloat

propertystale

    
Whether the artist is 'stale' and needs to be re-drawn for the output to match
the internal state of the artist.

propertysticky_edges

    
`x` and `y` sticky edge lists for autoscaling.

When performing autoscaling, if a data limit coincides with a value in the
corresponding sticky_edges list, then no margin will be added--the view limit
"sticks" to the edge. A typical use case is histograms, where one usually
expects no margin on the bottom edge (0) of the histogram.

Moreover, margin expansion "bumps" against sticky edges and cannot cross them.
For example, if the upper data limit is 1.0, the upper view limit computed by
simple margin application is 1.2, but there is a sticky edge at 1.1, then the
actual upper view limit will be 1.1.

This attribute cannot be assigned to; however, the `x` and `y` lists can be
modified in place as needed.

#### Examples

    
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.x[:] = (xmin, xmax)
    >>> artist.sticky_edges.y[:] = (ymin, ymax)
    
to_rgba(x, alpha=None, bytes=False, norm=True)[source]

    
Return a normalized rgba array corresponding to x.

In the normal case, x is a 1D or 2D sequence of scalars, and the corresponding
ndarray of rgba values will be returned, based on the norm and colormap set
for this ScalarMappable.

There is one special case, for handling images that are already rgb or rgba,
such as might have been read from an image file. If x is an ndarray with 3
dimensions, and the last dimension is either 3 or 4, then it will be treated
as an rgb or rgba array, and no mapping will be done. The array can be uint8,
or it can be floating point with values in the 0-1 range; otherwise a
ValueError will be raised. If it is a masked array, the mask will be ignored.
If the last dimension is 3, the alpha kwarg (defaulting to 1) will be used to
fill in the transparency. If the last dimension is 4, the alpha kwarg is
ignored; it does not replace the pre-existing alpha. A ValueError will be
raised if the third dimension is other than 3 or 4.

In either case, if bytes is False (default), the rgba array will be floats in
the 0-1 range; if it is True, the returned rgba array will be uint8 in the 0
to 255 range.

If norm is False, no normalization of the input data is performed, and it is
assumed to be in the range (0-1).

update(props)[source]

    
Update this artist's properties from the dict props.

Parameters

    
propsdict

update_from(other)[source]

    
Copy properties from other to self.

update_scalarmappable()[source]

    
Update colors from the scalar mappable array, if any.

Assign colors to edges and faces based on the array and/or colors that were
directly set, as appropriate.

zorder=0

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/collections_api.html

