# matplotlib.mathtext

![Inheritance diagram of
matplotlib.mathtext](data:image/png;base64,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)

A module for parsing a subset of the TeX math syntax and rendering it to a
Matplotlib backend.

For a tutorial of its usage, see Writing mathematical expressions. This
document is primarily concerned with implementation details.

The module uses pyparsing to parse the TeX expression.

The Bakoma distribution of the TeX Computer Modern fonts, and STIX fonts are
supported. There is experimental support for using arbitrary fonts, but
results may vary without proper tweaking and metrics for those fonts.

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathTextParser(output)[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Create a MathTextParser for the given backend output.

get_depth(texstr, dpi=120, fontsize=14)[source]

    
[Deprecated] Get the depth of a mathtext string.

Parameters

    
texstrstr

    
A valid mathtext string, e.g., r'IQ: $sigma_i=15$'.

dpifloat

    
The dots-per-inch setting used to render the text.

Returns

    
int

    
Offset of the baseline from the bottom of the image, in pixels.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

parse(s, dpi=72, prop=None, *, _force_standard_ps_fonts=False)[source]

    
Parse the given math expression s at the given dpi. If prop is provided, it is
a `FontProperties` object specifying the "default" font to use in the math
expression, used for all non-math text.

The results are cached, so multiple calls to `parse` with the same expression
should be fast.

to_mask(texstr, dpi=120, fontsize=14)[source]

    
[Deprecated] Convert a mathtext string to a grayscale array and depth.

Parameters

    
texstrstr

    
A valid mathtext string, e.g., r'IQ: $sigma_i=15$'.

dpifloat

    
The dots-per-inch setting used to render the text.

fontsizeint

    
The font size in points

Returns

    
array2D uint8 alpha

    
Mask array of rasterized tex.

depthint

    
Offset of the baseline from the bottom of the image, in pixels.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

to_png(filename, texstr, color='black', dpi=120, fontsize=14)[source]

    
[Deprecated] Render a tex expression to a PNG file.

Parameters

    
filename

    
A writable filename or fileobject.

texstrstr

    
A valid mathtext string, e.g., r'IQ: $sigma_i=15$'.

colorcolor

    
The text color.

dpifloat

    
The dots-per-inch setting used to render the text.

fontsizeint

    
The font size in points.

Returns

    
int

    
Offset of the baseline from the bottom of the image, in pixels.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

to_rgba(texstr, color='black', dpi=120, fontsize=14)[source]

    
[Deprecated] Convert a mathtext string to an RGBA array and depth.

Parameters

    
texstrstr

    
A valid mathtext string, e.g., r'IQ: $sigma_i=15$'.

colorcolor

    
The text color.

dpifloat

    
The dots-per-inch setting used to render the text.

fontsizeint

    
The font size in points.

Returns

    
array(M, N, 4) array

    
RGBA color values of rasterized tex, colorized with color.

depthint

    
Offset of the baseline from the bottom of the image, in pixels.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

exceptionmatplotlib.mathtext.MathTextWarning[source]

    
Bases: `Warning`

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend[source]

    
Bases: `object`

The base class for the mathtext backend-specific code. `MathtextBackend`
subclasses interface between mathtext and specific Matplotlib graphics
backends.

Subclasses need to override the following:

  * `render_glyph()`
  * `render_rect_filled()`
  * `get_results()`

And optionally, if you need to use a FreeType hinting style:

  * `get_hinting_type()`

get_hinting_type()[source]

    
Get the FreeType hinting type to use with this particular backend.

get_results(box)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

set_canvas_size(w, h, d)[source]

    
Set the dimension of the drawing canvas.

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendAgg[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend`

Render glyphs and rectangles to an FTImage buffer, which is later transferred
to the Agg image by the Agg backend.

get_hinting_type()[source]

    
Get the FreeType hinting type to use with this particular backend.

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

set_canvas_size(w, h, d)[source]

    
Set the dimension of the drawing canvas.

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendBitmap[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendAgg`

[Deprecated]

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4:

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendCairo[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend`

[Deprecated] Store information to write a mathtext rendering to the Cairo
backend.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendPath[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend`

Store information to write a mathtext rendering to the text path machinery.

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendPdf[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend`

[Deprecated] Store information to write a mathtext rendering to the PDF
backend.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendPs[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend`

[Deprecated] Store information to write a mathtext rendering to the PostScript
backend.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

classmatplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackendSvg[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.mathtext.MathtextBackend`

[Deprecated] Store information to write a mathtext rendering to the SVG
backend.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4.

get_results(box, used_characters)[source]

    
Return a backend-specific tuple to return to the backend after all processing
is done.

render_glyph(ox, oy, info)[source]

    
Draw a glyph described by info to the reference point (ox, oy).

render_rect_filled(x1, y1, x2, y2)[source]

    
Draw a filled black rectangle from (x1, y1) to (x2, y2).

matplotlib.mathtext.get_unicode_index(symbol, math=True)[source]

    
Return the integer index (from the Unicode table) of symbol.

Parameters

    
symbolstr

    
A single unicode character, a TeX command (e.g. r'pi') or a Type1 symbol name
(e.g. 'phi').

mathbool, default: True

    
If False, always treat as a single unicode character.

matplotlib.mathtext.math_to_image(s, filename_or_obj, prop=None, dpi=None,
format=None)[source]

    
Given a math expression, renders it in a closely-clipped bounding box to an
image file.

Parameters

    
sstr

    
A math expression. The math portion must be enclosed in dollar signs.

filename_or_objstr or path-like or file-like

    
Where to write the image data.

prop`FontProperties`, optional

    
The size and style of the text.

dpifloat, optional

    
The output dpi. If not set, the dpi is determined as for `Figure.savefig`.

formatstr, optional

    
The output format, e.g., 'svg', 'pdf', 'ps' or 'png'. If not set, the format
is determined as for `Figure.savefig`.

matplotlib.mathtext.ship(ox, oy, box)[source]

    
[Deprecated]

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.4:

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/mathtext_api.html

