# matplotlib.path

A module for dealing with the polylines used throughout Matplotlib.

The primary class for polyline handling in Matplotlib is `Path`. Almost all
vector drawing makes use of `Path`s somewhere in the drawing pipeline.

Whilst a `Path` instance itself cannot be drawn, some `Artist` subclasses,
such as `PathPatch` and `PathCollection`, can be used for convenient `Path`
visualisation.

classmatplotlib.path.Path(vertices, codes=None, _interpolation_steps=1,
closed=False, readonly=False)[source]

    
Bases: `object`

A series of possibly disconnected, possibly closed, line and curve segments.

The underlying storage is made up of two parallel numpy arrays:

  * vertices: an Nx2 float array of vertices
  * codes: an N-length uint8 array of path codes, or None

These two arrays always have the same length in the first dimension. For
example, to represent a cubic curve, you must provide three vertices and three
`CURVE4` codes.

The code types are:

  * `STOP`1 vertex (ignored)
    
A marker for the end of the entire path (currently not required and ignored)

  * `MOVETO`1 vertex
    
Pick up the pen and move to the given vertex.

  * `LINETO`1 vertex
    
Draw a line from the current position to the given vertex.

  * `CURVE3`1 control point, 1 endpoint
    
Draw a quadratic Bezier curve from the current position, with the given
control point, to the given end point.

  * `CURVE4`2 control points, 1 endpoint
    
Draw a cubic Bezier curve from the current position, with the given control
points, to the given end point.

  * `CLOSEPOLY`1 vertex (ignored)
    
Draw a line segment to the start point of the current polyline.

If codes is None, it is interpreted as a `MOVETO` followed by a series of
`LINETO`.

Users of Path objects should not access the vertices and codes arrays
directly. Instead, they should use `iter_segments` or `cleaned` to get the
vertex/code pairs. This helps, in particular, to consistently handle the case
of codes being None.

Some behavior of Path objects can be controlled by rcParams. See the rcParams
whose keys start with 'path.'.

Note

The vertices and codes arrays should be treated as immutable -- there are a
number of optimizations and assumptions made up front in the constructor that
will not change when the data changes.

Create a new path with the given vertices and codes.

Parameters

    
vertices(N, 2) array-like

    
The path vertices, as an array, masked array or sequence of pairs. Masked
values, if any, will be converted to NaNs, which are then handled correctly by
the Agg PathIterator and other consumers of path data, such as
`iter_segments()`.

codesarray-like or None, optional

    
N-length array of integers representing the codes of the path. If not None,
codes must be the same length as vertices. If None, vertices will be treated
as a series of line segments.

_interpolation_stepsint, optional

    
Used as a hint to certain projections, such as Polar, that this path should be
linearly interpolated immediately before drawing. This attribute is primarily
an implementation detail and is not intended for public use.

closedbool, optional

    
If codes is None and closed is True, vertices will be treated as line segments
of a closed polygon. Note that the last vertex will then be ignored (as the
corresponding code will be set to CLOSEPOLY).

readonlybool, optional

    
Makes the path behave in an immutable way and sets the vertices and codes as
read-only arrays.

CLOSEPOLY=79

CURVE3=3

CURVE4=4

LINETO=2

MOVETO=1

NUM_VERTICES_FOR_CODE={0: 1, 1: 1, 2: 1, 3: 2, 4: 3, 79: 1}

    
A dictionary mapping Path codes to the number of vertices that the code
expects.

STOP=0

classmethodarc(theta1, theta2, n=None, is_wedge=False)[source]

    
Return a `Path` for the unit circle arc from angles theta1 to theta2 (in
degrees).

theta2 is unwrapped to produce the shortest arc within 360 degrees. That is,
if theta2 > theta1 \+ 360, the arc will be from theta1 to theta2 \- 360 and
not a full circle plus some extra overlap.

If n is provided, it is the number of spline segments to make. If n is not
provided, the number of spline segments is determined based on the delta
between theta1 and theta2.

Masionobe, L. 2003. Drawing an elliptical arc using polylines, quadratic or
cubic Bezier curves.

classmethodcircle(center=(0.0, 0.0), radius=1.0, readonly=False)[source]

    
Return a `Path` representing a circle of a given radius and center.

Parameters

    
center(float, float), default: (0, 0)

    
The center of the circle.

radiusfloat, default: 1

    
The radius of the circle.

readonlybool

    
Whether the created path should have the "readonly" argument set when creating
the Path instance.

#### Notes

The circle is approximated using 8 cubic Bezier curves, as described in

Lancaster, Don. Approximating a Circle or an Ellipse Using Four Bezier Cubic
Splines.

cleaned(transform=None, remove_nans=False, clip=None, *, simplify=False,
curves=False, stroke_width=1.0, snap=False, sketch=None)[source]

    
Return a new Path with vertices and codes cleaned according to the parameters.

See also

`Path.iter_segments`

    
for details of the keyword arguments.

clip_to_bbox(bbox, inside=True)[source]

    
Clip the path to the given bounding box.

The path must be made up of one or more closed polygons. This algorithm will
not behave correctly for unclosed paths.

If inside is `True`, clip to the inside of the box, otherwise to the outside
of the box.

code_type

    
alias of `numpy.uint8`

propertycodes

    
The list of codes in the `Path` as a 1D numpy array. Each code is one of
`STOP`, `MOVETO`, `LINETO`, `CURVE3`, `CURVE4` or `CLOSEPOLY`. For codes that
correspond to more than one vertex (`CURVE3` and `CURVE4`), that code will be
repeated so that the length of `self.vertices` and `self.codes` is always the
same.

contains_path(path, transform=None)[source]

    
Return whether this (closed) path completely contains the given path.

If transform is not `None`, the path will be transformed before checking for
containment.

contains_point(point, transform=None, radius=0.0)[source]

    
Return whether the area enclosed by the path contains the given point.

The path is always treated as closed; i.e. if the last code is not CLOSEPOLY
an implicit segment connecting the last vertex to the first vertex is assumed.

Parameters

    
point(float, float)

    
The point (x, y) to check.

transform`matplotlib.transforms.Transform`, optional

    
If not `None`, point will be compared to `self` transformed by transform; i.e.
for a correct check, transform should transform the path into the coordinate
system of point.

radiusfloat, default: 0

    
Add an additional margin on the path in coordinates of point. The path is
extended tangentially by radius/2; i.e. if you would draw the path with a
linewidth of radius, all points on the line would still be considered to be
contained in the area. Conversely, negative values shrink the area: Points on
the imaginary line will be considered outside the area.

Returns

    
bool

#### Notes

The current algorithm has some limitations:

  * The result is undefined for points exactly at the boundary (i.e. at the path shifted by radius/2).
  * The result is undefined if there is no enclosed area, i.e. all vertices are on a straight line.
  * If bounding lines start to cross each other due to radius shift, the result is not guaranteed to be correct.

contains_points(points, transform=None, radius=0.0)[source]

    
Return whether the area enclosed by the path contains the given points.

The path is always treated as closed; i.e. if the last code is not CLOSEPOLY
an implicit segment connecting the last vertex to the first vertex is assumed.

Parameters

    
points(N, 2) array

    
The points to check. Columns contain x and y values.

transform`matplotlib.transforms.Transform`, optional

    
If not `None`, points will be compared to `self` transformed by transform;
i.e. for a correct check, transform should transform the path into the
coordinate system of points.

radiusfloat, default: 0

    
Add an additional margin on the path in coordinates of points. The path is
extended tangentially by radius/2; i.e. if you would draw the path with a
linewidth of radius, all points on the line would still be considered to be
contained in the area. Conversely, negative values shrink the area: Points on
the imaginary line will be considered outside the area.

Returns

    
length-N bool array

#### Notes

The current algorithm has some limitations:

  * The result is undefined for points exactly at the boundary (i.e. at the path shifted by radius/2).
  * The result is undefined if there is no enclosed area, i.e. all vertices are on a straight line.
  * If bounding lines start to cross each other due to radius shift, the result is not guaranteed to be correct.

copy()[source]

    
Return a shallow copy of the `Path`, which will share the vertices and codes
with the source `Path`.

deepcopy(memo=None)[source]

    
Return a deepcopy of the `Path`. The `Path` will not be readonly, even if the
source `Path` is.

get_extents(transform=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
Get Bbox of the path.

Parameters

    
transformmatplotlib.transforms.Transform, optional

    
Transform to apply to path before computing extents, if any.

**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `iter_bezier`.

Returns

    
matplotlib.transforms.Bbox

    
The extents of the path Bbox([[xmin, ymin], [xmax, ymax]])

statichatch(hatchpattern, density=6)[source]

    
Given a hatch specifier, hatchpattern, generates a Path that can be used in a
repeated hatching pattern. density is the number of lines per unit square.

interpolated(steps)[source]

    
Return a new path resampled to length N x steps.

Codes other than LINETO are not handled correctly.

intersects_bbox(bbox, filled=True)[source]

    
Return whether this path intersects a given `Bbox`.

If filled is True, then this also returns True if the path completely encloses
the `Bbox` (i.e., the path is treated as filled).

The bounding box is always considered filled.

intersects_path(other, filled=True)[source]

    
Return whether if this path intersects another given path.

If filled is True, then this also returns True if one path completely encloses
the other (i.e., the paths are treated as filled).

iter_bezier(**kwargs)[source]

    
Iterate over each bezier curve (lines included) in a Path.

Parameters

    
**kwargs

    
Forwarded to `iter_segments`.

Yields

    
Bmatplotlib.bezier.BezierSegment

    
The bezier curves that make up the current path. Note in particular that
freestanding points are bezier curves of order 0, and lines are bezier curves
of order 1 (with two control points).

codePath.code_type

    
The code describing what kind of curve is being returned. Path.MOVETO,
Path.LINETO, Path.CURVE3, Path.CURVE4 correspond to bezier curves with 1, 2,
3, and 4 control points (respectively). Path.CLOSEPOLY is a Path.LINETO with
the control points correctly chosen based on the start/end points of the
current stroke.

iter_segments(transform=None, remove_nans=True, clip=None, snap=False,
stroke_width=1.0, simplify=None, curves=True, sketch=None)[source]

    
Iterate over all curve segments in the path.

Each iteration returns a pair `(vertices, code)`, where `vertices` is a
sequence of 1-3 coordinate pairs, and `code` is a `Path` code.

Additionally, this method can provide a number of standard cleanups and
conversions to the path.

Parameters

    
transformNone or `Transform`

    
If not None, the given affine transformation will be applied to the path.

remove_nansbool, optional

    
Whether to remove all NaNs from the path and skip over them using MOVETO
commands.

clipNone or (float, float, float, float), optional

    
If not None, must be a four-tuple (x1, y1, x2, y2) defining a rectangle in
which to clip the path.

snapNone or bool, optional

    
If True, snap all nodes to pixels; if False, don't snap them. If None, snap if
the path contains only segments parallel to the x or y axes, and no more than
1024 of them.

stroke_widthfloat, optional

    
The width of the stroke being drawn (used for path snapping).

simplifyNone or bool, optional

    
Whether to simplify the path by removing vertices that do not affect its
appearance. If None, use the `should_simplify` attribute. See also
`rcParams["path.simplify"]` (default: `True`) and
`rcParams["path.simplify_threshold"]` (default: `0.111111111111`).

curvesbool, optional

    
If True, curve segments will be returned as curve segments. If False, all
curves will be converted to line segments.

sketchNone or sequence, optional

    
If not None, must be a 3-tuple of the form (scale, length, randomness),
representing the sketch parameters.

classmethodmake_compound_path(*args)[source]

    
Make a compound path from a list of `Path` objects. Blindly removes all
`Path.STOP` control points.

classmethodmake_compound_path_from_polys(XY)[source]

    
Make a compound path object to draw a number of polygons with equal numbers of
sides XY is a (numpolys x numsides x 2) numpy array of vertices. Return object
is a `Path`.

(Source code, png, pdf)

![../_images/histogram_path_00_00.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

propertyreadonly

    
`True` if the `Path` is read-only.

propertyshould_simplify

    
`True` if the vertices array should be simplified.

propertysimplify_threshold

    
The fraction of a pixel difference below which vertices will be simplified
out.

to_polygons(transform=None, width=0, height=0, closed_only=True)[source]

    
Convert this path to a list of polygons or polylines. Each polygon/polyline is
an Nx2 array of vertices. In other words, each polygon has no `MOVETO`
instructions or curves. This is useful for displaying in backends that do not
support compound paths or Bezier curves.

If width and height are both non-zero then the lines will be simplified so
that vertices outside of (0, 0), (width, height) will be clipped.

If closed_only is `True` (default), only closed polygons, with the last point
being the same as the first point, will be returned. Any unclosed polylines in
the path will be explicitly closed. If closed_only is `False`, any unclosed
polygons in the path will be returned as unclosed polygons, and the closed
polygons will be returned explicitly closed by setting the last point to the
same as the first point.

transformed(transform)[source]

    
Return a transformed copy of the path.

See also

`matplotlib.transforms.TransformedPath`

    
A specialized path class that will cache the transformed result and
automatically update when the transform changes.

classmethodunit_circle()[source]

    
Return the readonly `Path` of the unit circle.

For most cases, `Path.circle()` will be what you want.

classmethodunit_circle_righthalf()[source]

    
Return a `Path` of the right half of a unit circle.

See `Path.circle` for the reference on the approximation used.

classmethodunit_rectangle()[source]

    
Return a `Path` instance of the unit rectangle from (0, 0) to (1, 1).

classmethodunit_regular_asterisk(numVertices)[source]

    
Return a `Path` for a unit regular asterisk with the given numVertices and
radius of 1.0, centered at (0, 0).

classmethodunit_regular_polygon(numVertices)[source]

    
Return a `Path` instance for a unit regular polygon with the given numVertices
such that the circumscribing circle has radius 1.0, centered at (0, 0).

classmethodunit_regular_star(numVertices, innerCircle=0.5)[source]

    
Return a `Path` for a unit regular star with the given numVertices and radius
of 1.0, centered at (0, 0).

propertyvertices

    
The list of vertices in the `Path` as an Nx2 numpy array.

classmethodwedge(theta1, theta2, n=None)[source]

    
Return a `Path` for the unit circle wedge from angles theta1 to theta2 (in
degrees).

theta2 is unwrapped to produce the shortest wedge within 360 degrees. That is,
if theta2 > theta1 \+ 360, the wedge will be from theta1 to theta2 \- 360 and
not a full circle plus some extra overlap.

If n is provided, it is the number of spline segments to make. If n is not
provided, the number of spline segments is determined based on the delta
between theta1 and theta2.

See `Path.arc` for the reference on the approximation used.

matplotlib.path.get_path_collection_extents(master_transform, paths,
transforms, offsets, offset_transform)[source]

    
Given a sequence of `Path`s, `Transform`s objects, and offsets, as found in a
`PathCollection`, returns the bounding box that encapsulates all of them.

Parameters

    
master_transform`Transform`

    
Global transformation applied to all paths.

pathslist of `Path`

transformslist of `Affine2D`

offsets(N, 2) array-like

offset_transform`Affine2D`

    
Transform applied to the offsets before offsetting the path.

#### Notes

The way that paths, transforms and offsets are combined follows the same
method as for collections: Each is iterated over independently, so if you have
3 paths, 2 transforms and 1 offset, their combinations are as follows:

(A, A, A), (B, B, A), (C, A, A)

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/path_api.html

