# matplotlib.tight_layout

Routines to adjust subplot params so that subplots are nicely fit in the
figure. In doing so, only axis labels, tick labels, axes titles and
offsetboxes that are anchored to axes are currently considered.

Internally, this module assumes that the margins (left margin, etc.) which are
differences between `Axes.get_tightbbox` and `Axes.bbox` are independent of
Axes position. This may fail if `Axes.adjustable` is `datalim` as well as such
cases as when left or right margin are affected by xlabel.

matplotlib.tight_layout.auto_adjust_subplotpars(fig, renderer, nrows_ncols,
num1num2_list, subplot_list, ax_bbox_list=None, pad=1.08, h_pad=None,
w_pad=None, rect=None)[source]

    
[Deprecated] Return a dict of subplot parameters to adjust spacing between
subplots or `None` if resulting axes would have zero height or width.

Note that this function ignores geometry information of subplot itself, but
uses what is given by the nrows_ncols and num1num2_list parameters. Also, the
results could be incorrect if some subplots have `adjustable=datalim`.

Parameters

    
nrows_ncolstuple[int, int]

    
Number of rows and number of columns of the grid.

num1num2_listlist[tuple[int, int]]

    
List of numbers specifying the area occupied by the subplot

subplot_listlist of subplots

    
List of subplots that will be used to calculate optimal subplot_params.

padfloat

    
Padding between the figure edge and the edges of subplots, as a fraction of
the font size.

h_pad, w_padfloat

    
Padding (height/width) between edges of adjacent subplots, as a fraction of
the font size. Defaults to pad.

recttuple[float, float, float, float]

    
[left, bottom, right, top] in normalized (0, 1) figure coordinates.

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.5.

matplotlib.tight_layout.get_renderer(fig)[source]

matplotlib.tight_layout.get_subplotspec_list(axes_list,
grid_spec=None)[source]

    
Return a list of subplotspec from the given list of axes.

For an instance of axes that does not support subplotspec, None is inserted in
the list.

If grid_spec is given, None is inserted for those not from the given
grid_spec.

matplotlib.tight_layout.get_tight_layout_figure(fig, axes_list,
subplotspec_list, renderer, pad=1.08, h_pad=None, w_pad=None,
rect=None)[source]

    
Return subplot parameters for tight-layouted-figure with specified padding.

Parameters

    
figFigure

axes_listlist of Axes

subplotspec_listlist of `SubplotSpec`

    
The subplotspecs of each axes.

rendererrenderer

padfloat

    
Padding between the figure edge and the edges of subplots, as a fraction of
the font size.

h_pad, w_padfloat

    
Padding (height/width) between edges of adjacent subplots. Defaults to pad.

recttuple[float, float, float, float], optional

    
(left, bottom, right, top) rectangle in normalized figure coordinates that the
whole subplots area (including labels) will fit into. Defaults to using the
entire figure.

Returns

    
subplotspec or None

    
subplotspec kwargs to be passed to `Figure.subplots_adjust` or None if
tight_layout could not be accomplished.

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/tight_layout_api.html

