# matplotlib.widgets

![Inheritance diagram of
matplotlib.widgets](data:image/png;base64,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)

## GUI neutral widgets

Widgets that are designed to work for any of the GUI backends. All of these
widgets require you to predefine a `matplotlib.axes.Axes` instance and pass
that as the first parameter. Matplotlib doesn't try to be too smart with
respect to layout -- you will have to figure out how wide and tall you want
your Axes to be to accommodate your widget.

classmatplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget(ax)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.Widget`

Widget connected to a single `Axes`.

To guarantee that the widget remains responsive and not garbage-collected, a
reference to the object should be maintained by the user.

This is necessary because the callback registry maintains only weak-refs to
the functions, which are member functions of the widget. If there are no
references to the widget object it may be garbage collected which will
disconnect the callbacks.

Attributes

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

canvas`FigureCanvasBase`

    
The parent figure canvas for the widget.

`active`bool

    
Is the widget active?

propertycids[source]

connect_event(event, callback)[source]

    
Connect a callback function with an event.

This should be used in lieu of `figure.canvas.mpl_connect` since this function
stores callback ids for later clean up.

disconnect_events()[source]

    
Disconnect all events created by this widget.

classmatplotlib.widgets.Button(ax, label, image=None, color='0.85',
hovercolor='0.95')[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

A GUI neutral button.

For the button to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it. Call
`on_clicked` to connect to the button.

Attributes

    
ax

    
The `matplotlib.axes.Axes` the button renders into.

label

    
A `matplotlib.text.Text` instance.

color

    
The color of the button when not hovering.

hovercolor

    
The color of the button when hovering.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The `Axes` instance the button will be placed into.

labelstr

    
The button text.

imagearray-like or PIL Image

    
The image to place in the button, if not None. The parameter is directly
forwarded to `imshow`.

colorcolor

    
The color of the button when not activated.

hovercolorcolor

    
The color of the button when the mouse is over it.

propertycnt[source]

disconnect(cid)[source]

    
Remove the callback function with connection id cid.

propertyobservers[source]

on_clicked(func)[source]

    
Connect the callback function func to button click events.

Returns a connection id, which can be used to disconnect the callback.

classmatplotlib.widgets.CheckButtons(ax, labels, actives=None)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

A GUI neutral set of check buttons.

For the check buttons to remain responsive you must keep a reference to this
object.

Connect to the CheckButtons with the `on_clicked` method.

Attributes

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

labelslist of `Text`

rectangleslist of `Rectangle`

lineslist of (`Line2D`, `Line2D`) pairs

    
List of lines for the x's in the check boxes. These lines exist for each box,
but have `set_visible(False)` when its box is not checked.

Add check buttons to `matplotlib.axes.Axes` instance ax.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

labelslist of str

    
The labels of the check buttons.

activeslist of bool, optional

    
The initial check states of the buttons. The list must have the same length as
labels. If not given, all buttons are unchecked.

propertycnt[source]

disconnect(cid)[source]

    
Remove the observer with connection id cid.

get_status()[source]

    
Return a tuple of the status (True/False) of all of the check buttons.

propertyobservers[source]

on_clicked(func)[source]

    
Connect the callback function func to button click events.

Returns a connection id, which can be used to disconnect the callback.

set_active(index)[source]

    
Toggle (activate or deactivate) a check button by index.

Callbacks will be triggered if `eventson` is True.

Parameters

    
indexint

    
Index of the check button to toggle.

Raises

    
ValueError

    
If index is invalid.

classmatplotlib.widgets.Cursor(ax, horizOn=True, vertOn=True, useblit=False,
**lineprops)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

A crosshair cursor that spans the axes and moves with mouse cursor.

For the cursor to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

Parameters

    
ax`matplotlib.axes.Axes`

    
The `Axes` to attach the cursor to.

horizOnbool, default: True

    
Whether to draw the horizontal line.

vertOnbool, default: True

    
Whether to draw the vertical line.

useblitbool, default: False

    
Use blitting for faster drawing if supported by the backend.

Other Parameters

    
**lineprops

    
`Line2D` properties that control the appearance of the lines. See also
`axhline`.

#### Examples

See Cursor.

clear(event)[source]

    
Internal event handler to clear the cursor.

onmove(event)[source]

    
Internal event handler to draw the cursor when the mouse moves.

classmatplotlib.widgets.EllipseSelector(ax, onselect, drawtype=<deprecated
parameter>, minspanx=0, minspany=0, useblit=False, lineprops=<deprecated
parameter>, props=None, spancoords='data', button=None, grab_range=10,
handle_props=None, interactive=False, state_modifier_keys=None,
drag_from_anywhere=False, ignore_event_outside=False)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.RectangleSelector`

Select an elliptical region of an axes.

For the cursor to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

Press and release events triggered at the same coordinates outside the
selection will clear the selector, except when `ignore_event_outside=True`.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

onselectfunction

    
A callback function that is called after a release event and the selection is
created, changed or removed. It must have the signature:

    
    def onselect(eclick: MouseEvent, erelease: MouseEvent)
    
where eclick and erelease are the mouse click and release `MouseEvent`s that
start and complete the selection.

minspanxfloat, default: 0

    
Selections with an x-span less than or equal to minspanx are removed (when
already existing) or cancelled.

minspanyfloat, default: 0

    
Selections with an y-span less than or equal to minspanx are removed (when
already existing) or cancelled.

useblitbool, default: False

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

propsdict, optional

    
Properties with which the ellipse is drawn. See `matplotlib.patches.Patch` for
valid properties. Default:

`dict(facecolor='red', edgecolor='black', alpha=0.2, fill=True)`

spancoords{"data", "pixels"}, default: "data"

    
Whether to interpret minspanx and minspany in data or in pixel coordinates.

button`MouseButton`, list of `MouseButton`, default: all buttons

    
Button(s) that trigger rectangle selection.

grab_rangefloat, default: 10

    
Distance in pixels within which the interactive tool handles can be activated.

handle_propsdict, optional

    
Properties with which the interactive handles (marker artists) are drawn. See
the marker arguments in `matplotlib.lines.Line2D` for valid properties.
Default values are defined in `mpl.rcParams` except for the default value of
`markeredgecolor` which will be the same as the `edgecolor` property in props.

interactivebool, default: False

    
Whether to draw a set of handles that allow interaction with the widget after
it is drawn.

state_modifier_keysdict, optional

    
Keyboard modifiers which affect the widget's behavior. Values amend the
defaults.

  * "move": Move the existing shape, default: no modifier.
  * "clear": Clear the current shape, default: "escape".
  * "square": Make the shape square, default: "shift".
  * "center": Make the initial point the center of the shape, default: "ctrl".

"square" and "center" can be combined.

drag_from_anywherebool, default: False

    
If `True`, the widget can be moved by clicking anywhere within its bounds.

ignore_event_outsidebool, default: False

    
If `True`, the event triggered outside the span selector will be ignored.

#### Examples

Rectangle and ellipse selectors

propertydraw_shape[source]

classmatplotlib.widgets.Lasso(ax, xy, callback=None, useblit=True)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

Selection curve of an arbitrary shape.

The selected path can be used in conjunction with `contains_point` to select
data points from an image.

Unlike `LassoSelector`, this must be initialized with a starting point xy, and
the `Lasso` events are destroyed upon release.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

xy(float, float)

    
Coordinates of the start of the lasso.

useblitbool, default: True

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

callbackcallable

    
Whenever the lasso is released, the callback function is called and passed the
vertices of the selected path.

onmove(event)[source]

onrelease(event)[source]

classmatplotlib.widgets.LassoSelector(ax, onselect=None, useblit=True,
props=None, button=None)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets._SelectorWidget`

Selection curve of an arbitrary shape.

For the selector to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

The selected path can be used in conjunction with `contains_point` to select
data points from an image.

In contrast to `Lasso`, `LassoSelector` is written with an interface similar
to `RectangleSelector` and `SpanSelector`, and will continue to interact with
the axes until disconnected.

Example usage:

    
    ax = plt.subplot()
    ax.plot(x, y)
    
    def onselect(verts):
        print(verts)
    lasso = LassoSelector(ax, onselect)
    
Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

onselectfunction

    
Whenever the lasso is released, the onselect function is called and passed the
vertices of the selected path.

useblitbool, default: True

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

propsdict, optional

    
Properties with which the line is drawn, see `matplotlib.lines.Line2D` for
valid properties. Default values are defined in `mpl.rcParams`.

button`MouseButton` or list of `MouseButton`, optional

    
The mouse buttons used for rectangle selection. Default is `None`, which
corresponds to all buttons.

onpress(event)[source]

    
[Deprecated]

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.5:

onrelease(event)[source]

    
[Deprecated]

#### Notes

Deprecated since version 3.5:

classmatplotlib.widgets.LockDraw[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Some widgets, like the cursor, draw onto the canvas, and this is not desirable
under all circumstances, like when the toolbar is in zoom-to-rect mode and
drawing a rectangle. To avoid this, a widget can acquire a canvas' lock with
`canvas.widgetlock(widget)` before drawing on the canvas; this will prevent
other widgets from doing so at the same time (if they also try to acquire the
lock first).

available(o)[source]

    
Return whether drawing is available to o.

isowner(o)[source]

    
Return whether o owns this lock.

locked()[source]

    
Return whether the lock is currently held by an owner.

release(o)[source]

    
Release the lock from o.

classmatplotlib.widgets.MultiCursor(canvas, axes, useblit=True, horizOn=False,
vertOn=True, **lineprops)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.Widget`

Provide a vertical (default) and/or horizontal line cursor shared between
multiple axes.

For the cursor to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

Parameters

    
canvas`matplotlib.backend_bases.FigureCanvasBase`

    
The FigureCanvas that contains all the axes.

axeslist of `matplotlib.axes.Axes`

    
The `Axes` to attach the cursor to.

useblitbool, default: True

    
Use blitting for faster drawing if supported by the backend.

horizOnbool, default: False

    
Whether to draw the horizontal line.

vertOn: bool, default: True

    
Whether to draw the vertical line.

Other Parameters

    
**lineprops

    
`Line2D` properties that control the appearance of the lines. See also
`axhline`.

#### Examples

See Multicursor.

clear(event)[source]

    
Clear the cursor.

connect()[source]

    
Connect events.

disconnect()[source]

    
Disconnect events.

onmove(event)[source]

classmatplotlib.widgets.PolygonSelector(ax, onselect, useblit=False,
props=None, handle_props=None, grab_range=10)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets._SelectorWidget`

Select a polygon region of an axes.

Place vertices with each mouse click, and make the selection by completing the
polygon (clicking on the first vertex). Once drawn individual vertices can be
moved by clicking and dragging with the left mouse button, or removed by
clicking the right mouse button.

In addition, the following modifier keys can be used:

  * Hold ctrl and click and drag a vertex to reposition it before the polygon has been completed.
  * Hold the shift key and click and drag anywhere in the axes to move all vertices.
  * Press the esc key to start a new polygon.

For the selector to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

onselectfunction

    
When a polygon is completed or modified after completion, the onselect
function is called and passed a list of the vertices as `(xdata, ydata)`
tuples.

useblitbool, default: False

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

propsdict, optional

    
Properties with which the line is drawn, see `matplotlib.lines.Line2D` for
valid properties. Default:

`dict(color='k', linestyle='-', linewidth=2, alpha=0.5)`

handle_propsdict, optional

    
Artist properties for the markers drawn at the vertices of the polygon. See
the marker arguments in `matplotlib.lines.Line2D` for valid properties.
Default values are defined in `mpl.rcParams` except for the default value of
`markeredgecolor` which will be the same as the `color` property in props.

grab_rangefloat, default: 10

    
A vertex is selected (to complete the polygon or to move a vertex) if the
mouse click is within grab_range pixels of the vertex.

#### Notes

If only one point remains after removing points, the selector reverts to an
incomplete state and you can start drawing a new polygon from the existing
point.

#### Examples

Polygon Selector

propertyline[source]

onmove(event)[source]

    
Cursor move event handler and validator.

propertyvertex_select_radius[source]

propertyverts

    
The polygon vertices, as a list of `(x, y)` pairs.

classmatplotlib.widgets.RadioButtons(ax, labels, active=0,
activecolor='blue')[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

A GUI neutral radio button.

For the buttons to remain responsive you must keep a reference to this object.

Connect to the RadioButtons with the `on_clicked` method.

Attributes

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

activecolorcolor

    
The color of the selected button.

labelslist of `Text`

    
The button labels.

circleslist of `Circle`

    
The buttons.

value_selectedstr

    
The label text of the currently selected button.

Add radio buttons to an `Axes`.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The axes to add the buttons to.

labelslist of str

    
The button labels.

activeint

    
The index of the initially selected button.

activecolorcolor

    
The color of the selected button.

propertycnt[source]

disconnect(cid)[source]

    
Remove the observer with connection id cid.

propertyobservers[source]

on_clicked(func)[source]

    
Connect the callback function func to button click events.

Returns a connection id, which can be used to disconnect the callback.

set_active(index)[source]

    
Select button with number index.

Callbacks will be triggered if `eventson` is True.

classmatplotlib.widgets.RangeSlider(ax, label, valmin, valmax, valinit=None,
valfmt=None, closedmin=True, closedmax=True, dragging=True, valstep=None,
orientation='horizontal', track_color='lightgrey', handle_style=None,
**kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.SliderBase`

A slider representing a range of floating point values. Defines the min and
max of the range via the val attribute as a tuple of (min, max).

Create a slider that defines a range contained within [valmin, valmax] in axes
ax. For the slider to remain responsive you must maintain a reference to it.
Call `on_changed()` to connect to the slider event.

Attributes

    
valtuple of float

    
Slider value.

Parameters

    
axAxes

    
The Axes to put the slider in.

labelstr

    
Slider label.

valminfloat

    
The minimum value of the slider.

valmaxfloat

    
The maximum value of the slider.

valinittuple of float or None, default: None

    
The initial positions of the slider. If None the initial positions will be at
the 25th and 75th percentiles of the range.

valfmtstr, default: None

    
%-format string used to format the slider values. If None, a `ScalarFormatter`
is used instead.

closedminbool, default: True

    
Whether the slider interval is closed on the bottom.

closedmaxbool, default: True

    
Whether the slider interval is closed on the top.

draggingbool, default: True

    
If True the slider can be dragged by the mouse.

valstepfloat, default: None

    
If given, the slider will snap to multiples of valstep.

orientation{'horizontal', 'vertical'}, default: 'horizontal'

    
The orientation of the slider.

track_colorcolor, default: 'lightgrey'

    
The color of the background track. The track is accessible for further styling
via the track attribute.

handle_styledict

    
Properties of the slider handles. Default values are

Key | Value | Default | Description  
---|---|---|---  
facecolor | color | 'white' | The facecolor of the slider handles.  
edgecolor | color | '.75' | The edgecolor of the slider handles.  
size | int | 10 | The size of the slider handles in points.  
Other values will be transformed as marker{foo} and passed to the `Line2D`
constructor. e.g. `handle_style = {'style'='x'}` will result in `markerstyle =
'x'`.

#### Notes

Additional kwargs are passed on to `self.poly` which is the `Polygon` that
draws the slider knob. See the `Polygon` documentation for valid property
names (`facecolor`, `edgecolor`, `alpha`, etc.).

on_changed(func)[source]

    
Connect func as callback function to changes of the slider value.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
Function to call when slider is changed. The function must accept a numpy
array with shape (2,) as its argument.

Returns

    
int

    
Connection id (which can be used to disconnect func).

set_max(max)[source]

    
Set the lower value of the slider to max.

Parameters

    
maxfloat

set_min(min)[source]

    
Set the lower value of the slider to min.

Parameters

    
minfloat

set_val(val)[source]

    
Set slider value to val.

Parameters

    
valtuple or array-like of float

classmatplotlib.widgets.RectangleSelector(ax, onselect, drawtype=<deprecated
parameter>, minspanx=0, minspany=0, useblit=False, lineprops=<deprecated
parameter>, props=None, spancoords='data', button=None, grab_range=10,
handle_props=None, interactive=False, state_modifier_keys=None,
drag_from_anywhere=False, ignore_event_outside=False)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets._SelectorWidget`

Select a rectangular region of an axes.

For the cursor to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

Press and release events triggered at the same coordinates outside the
selection will clear the selector, except when `ignore_event_outside=True`.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

onselectfunction

    
A callback function that is called after a release event and the selection is
created, changed or removed. It must have the signature:

    
    def onselect(eclick: MouseEvent, erelease: MouseEvent)
    
where eclick and erelease are the mouse click and release `MouseEvent`s that
start and complete the selection.

minspanxfloat, default: 0

    
Selections with an x-span less than or equal to minspanx are removed (when
already existing) or cancelled.

minspanyfloat, default: 0

    
Selections with an y-span less than or equal to minspanx are removed (when
already existing) or cancelled.

useblitbool, default: False

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

propsdict, optional

    
Properties with which the rectangle is drawn. See `matplotlib.patches.Patch`
for valid properties. Default:

`dict(facecolor='red', edgecolor='black', alpha=0.2, fill=True)`

spancoords{"data", "pixels"}, default: "data"

    
Whether to interpret minspanx and minspany in data or in pixel coordinates.

button`MouseButton`, list of `MouseButton`, default: all buttons

    
Button(s) that trigger rectangle selection.

grab_rangefloat, default: 10

    
Distance in pixels within which the interactive tool handles can be activated.

handle_propsdict, optional

    
Properties with which the interactive handles (marker artists) are drawn. See
the marker arguments in `matplotlib.lines.Line2D` for valid properties.
Default values are defined in `mpl.rcParams` except for the default value of
`markeredgecolor` which will be the same as the `edgecolor` property in props.

interactivebool, default: False

    
Whether to draw a set of handles that allow interaction with the widget after
it is drawn.

state_modifier_keysdict, optional

    
Keyboard modifiers which affect the widget's behavior. Values amend the
defaults.

  * "move": Move the existing shape, default: no modifier.
  * "clear": Clear the current shape, default: "escape".
  * "square": Make the shape square, default: "shift".
  * "center": Make the initial point the center of the shape, default: "ctrl".

"square" and "center" can be combined.

drag_from_anywherebool, default: False

    
If `True`, the widget can be moved by clicking anywhere within its bounds.

ignore_event_outsidebool, default: False

    
If `True`, the event triggered outside the span selector will be ignored.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> import matplotlib.widgets as mwidgets
    >>> fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    >>> ax.plot([1, 2, 3], [10, 50, 100])
    >>> def onselect(eclick, erelease):
    ...     print(eclick.xdata, eclick.ydata)
    ...     print(erelease.xdata, erelease.ydata)
    >>> props = dict(facecolor='blue', alpha=0.5)
    >>> rect = mwidgets.RectangleSelector(ax, onselect, interactive=True,
                                          props=props)
    >>> fig.show()
    
See also: Rectangle and ellipse selectors

propertyactive_handle[source]

propertycenter

    
Center of rectangle.

propertycorners

    
Corners of rectangle from lower left, moving clockwise.

propertydraw_shape[source]

propertydrawtype[source]

propertyedge_centers

    
Midpoint of rectangle edges from left, moving anti-clockwise.

propertyextents

    
Return (xmin, xmax, ymin, ymax).

propertygeometry

    
Return an array of shape (2, 5) containing the x
(`RectangleSelector.geometry[1, :]`) and y (`RectangleSelector.geometry[0,
:]`) coordinates of the four corners of the rectangle starting and ending in
the top left corner.

propertyinteractive[source]

propertymaxdist[source]

propertyto_draw[source]

classmatplotlib.widgets.Slider(ax, label, valmin, valmax, valinit=0.5,
valfmt=None, closedmin=True, closedmax=True, slidermin=None, slidermax=None,
dragging=True, valstep=None, orientation='horizontal', *, initcolor='r',
track_color='lightgrey', handle_style=None, **kwargs)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.SliderBase`

A slider representing a floating point range.

Create a slider from valmin to valmax in axes ax. For the slider to remain
responsive you must maintain a reference to it. Call `on_changed()` to connect
to the slider event.

Attributes

    
valfloat

    
Slider value.

Parameters

    
axAxes

    
The Axes to put the slider in.

labelstr

    
Slider label.

valminfloat

    
The minimum value of the slider.

valmaxfloat

    
The maximum value of the slider.

valinitfloat, default: 0.5

    
The slider initial position.

valfmtstr, default: None

    
%-format string used to format the slider value. If None, a `ScalarFormatter`
is used instead.

closedminbool, default: True

    
Whether the slider interval is closed on the bottom.

closedmaxbool, default: True

    
Whether the slider interval is closed on the top.

sliderminSlider, default: None

    
Do not allow the current slider to have a value less than the value of the
Slider slidermin.

slidermaxSlider, default: None

    
Do not allow the current slider to have a value greater than the value of the
Slider slidermax.

draggingbool, default: True

    
If True the slider can be dragged by the mouse.

valstepfloat or array-like, default: None

    
If a float, the slider will snap to multiples of valstep. If an array the
slider will snap to the values in the array.

orientation{'horizontal', 'vertical'}, default: 'horizontal'

    
The orientation of the slider.

initcolorcolor, default: 'r'

    
The color of the line at the valinit position. Set to `'none'` for no line.

track_colorcolor, default: 'lightgrey'

    
The color of the background track. The track is accessible for further styling
via the track attribute.

handle_styledict

    
Properties of the slider handle. Default values are

Key | Value | Default | Description  
---|---|---|---  
facecolor | color | 'white' | The facecolor of the slider handle.  
edgecolor | color | '.75' | The edgecolor of the slider handle.  
size | int | 10 | The size of the slider handle in points.  
Other values will be transformed as marker{foo} and passed to the `Line2D`
constructor. e.g. `handle_style = {'style'='x'}` will result in `markerstyle =
'x'`.

#### Notes

Additional kwargs are passed on to `self.poly` which is the `Polygon` that
draws the slider knob. See the `Polygon` documentation for valid property
names (`facecolor`, `edgecolor`, `alpha`, etc.).

propertycnt[source]

propertyobservers[source]

on_changed(func)[source]

    
Connect func as callback function to changes of the slider value.

Parameters

    
funccallable

    
Function to call when slider is changed. The function must accept a single
float as its arguments.

Returns

    
int

    
Connection id (which can be used to disconnect func).

set_val(val)[source]

    
Set slider value to val.

Parameters

    
valfloat

classmatplotlib.widgets.SliderBase(ax, orientation, closedmin, closedmax,
valmin, valmax, valfmt, dragging, valstep)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

The base class for constructing Slider widgets. Not intended for direct usage.

For the slider to remain responsive you must maintain a reference to it.

disconnect(cid)[source]

    
Remove the observer with connection id cid.

Parameters

    
cidint

    
Connection id of the observer to be removed.

reset()[source]

    
Reset the slider to the initial value.

classmatplotlib.widgets.SpanSelector(ax, onselect, direction, minspan=0,
useblit=False, props=None, onmove_callback=None, interactive=False,
button=None, handle_props=None, grab_range=10, drag_from_anywhere=False,
ignore_event_outside=False)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets._SelectorWidget`

Visually select a min/max range on a single axis and call a function with
those values.

To guarantee that the selector remains responsive, keep a reference to it.

In order to turn off the SpanSelector, set `span_selector.active` to False. To
turn it back on, set it to True.

Press and release events triggered at the same coordinates outside the
selection will clear the selector, except when `ignore_event_outside=True`.

Parameters

    
ax`matplotlib.axes.Axes`

onselectcallable

    
A callback function that is called after a release event and the selection is
created, changed or removed. It must have the signature:

    
    def on_select(min: float, max: float) -> Any
    
direction{"horizontal", "vertical"}

    
The direction along which to draw the span selector.

minspanfloat, default: 0

    
If selection is less than or equal to minspan, the selection is removed (when
already existing) or cancelled.

useblitbool, default: False

    
If True, use the backend-dependent blitting features for faster canvas
updates.

propsdict, optional

    
Dictionary of `matplotlib.patches.Patch` properties. Default:

`dict(facecolor='red', alpha=0.5)`

onmove_callbackfunc(min, max), min/max are floats, default: None

    
Called on mouse move while the span is being selected.

span_staysbool, default: False

    
If True, the span stays visible after the mouse is released. Deprecated, use
interactive instead.

interactivebool, default: False

    
Whether to draw a set of handles that allow interaction with the widget after
it is drawn.

button`MouseButton` or list of `MouseButton`, default: all buttons

    
The mouse buttons which activate the span selector.

handle_propsdict, default: None

    
Properties of the handle lines at the edges of the span. Only used when
interactive is True. See `matplotlib.lines.Line2D` for valid properties.

grab_rangefloat, default: 10

    
Distance in pixels within which the interactive tool handles can be activated.

drag_from_anywherebool, default: False

    
If `True`, the widget can be moved by clicking anywhere within its bounds.

ignore_event_outsidebool, default: False

    
If `True`, the event triggered outside the span selector will be ignored.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> import matplotlib.widgets as mwidgets
    >>> fig, ax = plt.subplots()
    >>> ax.plot([1, 2, 3], [10, 50, 100])
    >>> def onselect(vmin, vmax):
    ...     print(vmin, vmax)
    >>> span = mwidgets.SpanSelector(ax, onselect, 'horizontal',
    ...                              props=dict(facecolor='blue', alpha=0.5))
    >>> fig.show()
    
See also: Span Selector

propertyactive_handle[source]

connect_default_events()[source]

    
Connect the major canvas events to methods.

propertydirection

    
Direction of the span selector: 'vertical' or 'horizontal'.

propertyextents

    
Return extents of the span selector.

new_axes(ax)[source]

    
Set SpanSelector to operate on a new Axes.

propertypressv[source]

propertyprev[source]

propertyrect[source]

propertyrectprops[source]

propertyspan_stays[source]

classmatplotlib.widgets.SubplotTool(targetfig, toolfig)[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.Widget`

A tool to adjust the subplot params of a `matplotlib.figure.Figure`.

Parameters

    
targetfig`Figure`

    
The figure instance to adjust.

toolfig`Figure`

    
The figure instance to embed the subplot tool into.

classmatplotlib.widgets.TextBox(ax, label, initial='', color='.95',
hovercolor='1', label_pad=0.01, textalignment='left')[source]

    
Bases: `matplotlib.widgets.AxesWidget`

A GUI neutral text input box.

For the text box to remain responsive you must keep a reference to it.

Call `on_text_change` to be updated whenever the text changes.

Call `on_submit` to be updated whenever the user hits enter or leaves the text
entry field.

Attributes

    
ax`Axes`

    
The parent axes for the widget.

label`Text`

colorcolor

    
The color of the text box when not hovering.

hovercolorcolor

    
The color of the text box when hovering.

Parameters

    
ax`Axes`

    
The `Axes` instance the button will be placed into.

labelstr

    
Label for this text box.

initialstr

    
Initial value in the text box.

colorcolor

    
The color of the box.

hovercolorcolor

    
The color of the box when the mouse is over it.

label_padfloat

    
The distance between the label and the right side of the textbox.

textalignment{'left', 'center', 'right'}

    
The horizontal location of the text.

propertyDIST_FROM_LEFT[source]

begin_typing(x)[source]

propertychange_observers[source]

propertycnt[source]

disconnect(cid)[source]

    
Remove the observer with connection id cid.

on_submit(func)[source]

    
When the user hits enter or leaves the submission box, call this func with
event.

A connection id is returned which can be used to disconnect.

on_text_change(func)[source]

    
When the text changes, call this func with event.

A connection id is returned which can be used to disconnect.

position_cursor(x)[source]

set_val(val)[source]

stop_typing()[source]

propertysubmit_observers[source]

propertytext

classmatplotlib.widgets.ToolHandles(ax, x, y, marker='o', marker_props=None,
useblit=True)[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Control handles for canvas tools.

Parameters

    
ax`matplotlib.axes.Axes`

    
Matplotlib axes where tool handles are displayed.

x, y1D arrays

    
Coordinates of control handles.

markerstr, default: 'o'

    
Shape of marker used to display handle. See `matplotlib.pyplot.plot`.

marker_propsdict, optional

    
Additional marker properties. See `matplotlib.lines.Line2D`.

useblitbool, default: True

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

propertyartists

closest(x, y)[source]

    
Return index and pixel distance to closest index.

set_animated(val)[source]

set_data(pts, y=None)[source]

    
Set x and y positions of handles.

set_visible(val)[source]

propertyx

propertyy

classmatplotlib.widgets.ToolLineHandles(ax, positions, direction,
line_props=None, useblit=True)[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Control handles for canvas tools.

Parameters

    
ax`matplotlib.axes.Axes`

    
Matplotlib axes where tool handles are displayed.

positions1D array

    
Positions of handles in data coordinates.

direction{"horizontal", "vertical"}

    
Direction of handles, either 'vertical' or 'horizontal'

line_propsdict, optional

    
Additional line properties. See `matplotlib.lines.Line2D`.

useblitbool, default: True

    
Whether to use blitting for faster drawing (if supported by the backend).

propertyartists

closest(x, y)[source]

    
Return index and pixel distance to closest handle.

Parameters

    
x, yfloat

    
x, y position from which the distance will be calculated to determinate the
closest handle

Returns

    
index, distanceindex of the handle and its distance from

    
position x, y

propertydirection

    
Direction of the handle: 'vertical' or 'horizontal'.

propertypositions

    
Positions of the handle in data coordinates.

remove()[source]

    
Remove the handles artist from the figure.

set_animated(value)[source]

    
Set the animated state of the handles artist.

set_data(positions)[source]

    
Set x or y positions of handles, depending if the lines are vertical of
horizontal.

Parameters

    
positionstuple of length 2

    
Set the positions of the handle in data coordinates

set_visible(value)[source]

    
Set the visibility state of the handles artist.

classmatplotlib.widgets.Widget[source]

    
Bases: `object`

Abstract base class for GUI neutral widgets.

propertyactive

    
Is the widget active?

drawon=True

eventson=True

get_active()[source]

    
Get whether the widget is active.

ignore(event)[source]

    
Return whether event should be ignored.

This method should be called at the beginning of any event callback.

set_active(active)[source]

    
Set whether the widget is active.

© 2012–2021 Matplotlib Development Team. All rights reserved.  
Licensed under the Matplotlib License Agreement.  
https://matplotlib.org/3.5.1/api/widgets_api.html

