# Getting help on using skimage

Besides the user guide, there exist other opportunities to get help on using
`skimage`.

## Examples gallery

The General examples gallery provides graphical examples of typical image
processing tasks. By a quick glance at the different thumbnails, the user may
find an example close to a typical use case of interest. Each graphical
example page displays an introductory paragraph, a figure, and the source code
that generated the figure. Downloading the Python source code enables one to
modify quickly the example into a case closer to one’s image processing
applications.

Users are warmly encouraged to report on their use of `skimage` on the
Mailing-list, in order to propose more examples in the future. Contributing
examples to the gallery can be done on github (see How to contribute to
scikit-image).

## Search field

The `quick search` field located in the navigation bar of the html
documentation can be used to search for specific keywords (segmentation,
rescaling, denoising, etc.).

## API Discovery

NumPy provides a `lookfor` function to search API functions. By default
`lookfor` will search the NumPy API. NumPy lookfor example:
``np.lookfor('eigenvector') ``

But it can be used to search in modules, by passing in the module name as a
string:

`` np.lookfor('boundaries', 'skimage') ``

or the module itself. `` > import skimage > np.lookfor('boundaries', skimage)
``

## Docstrings

Docstrings of `skimage` functions are formatted using Numpy’s documentation
standard, starting with a `Parameters` section for the arguments and a
`Returns` section for the objects returned by the function. Also, most
functions include one or more examples.

## Mailing-list

The scikit-image mailing-list is scikit-image@python.org (users should join
before posting). This mailing-list is shared by users and developers, and it
is the right place to ask any question about `skimage`, or in general, image
processing using Python. Posting snippets of code with minimal examples
ensures to get more relevant and focused answers.

We would love to hear from how you use `skimage` for your work on the mailing-
list!

© 2019 the scikit-image team  
Licensed under the BSD 3-clause License.  
https://scikit-image.org/docs/0.18.x/user_guide/getting_help.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

