# Effect of transforming the targets in regression model

In this example, we give an overview of `TransformedTargetRegressor`. We use
two examples to illustrate the benefit of transforming the targets before
learning a linear regression model. The first example uses synthetic data
while the second example is based on the Ames housing data set.

    
    # Author: Guillaume Lemaitre <guillaume.lemaitre@inria.fr>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    from sklearn.datasets import make_regression
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    from sklearn.linear_model import RidgeCV
    from sklearn.compose import TransformedTargetRegressor
    from sklearn.metrics import median_absolute_error, r2_score
    from sklearn.utils.fixes import parse_version
    
## Synthetic example

    
    # `normed` is being deprecated in favor of `density` in histograms
    if parse_version(matplotlib.__version__) >= parse_version('2.1'):
        density_param = {'density': True}
    else:
        density_param = {'normed': True}
    
A synthetic random regression dataset is generated. The targets `y` are
modified by:

  1. translating all targets such that all entries are non-negative (by adding the absolute value of the lowest `y`) and
  2. applying an exponential function to obtain non-linear targets which cannot be fitted using a simple linear model.

Therefore, a logarithmic (`np.log1p`) and an exponential function (`np.expm1`)
will be used to transform the targets before training a linear regression
model and using it for prediction.

    
    X, y = make_regression(n_samples=10000, noise=100, random_state=0)
    y = np.expm1((y + abs(y.min())) / 200)
    y_trans = np.log1p(y)
    
Below we plot the probability density functions of the target before and after
applying the logarithmic functions.

    
    f, (ax0, ax1) = plt.subplots(1, 2)
    
    ax0.hist(y, bins=100, **density_param)
    ax0.set_xlim([0, 2000])
    ax0.set_ylabel('Probability')
    ax0.set_xlabel('Target')
    ax0.set_title('Target distribution')
    
    ax1.hist(y_trans, bins=100, **density_param)
    ax1.set_ylabel('Probability')
    ax1.set_xlabel('Target')
    ax1.set_title('Transformed target distribution')
    
    f.suptitle("Synthetic data", y=0.06, x=0.53)
    f.tight_layout(rect=[0.05, 0.05, 0.95, 0.95])
    
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=0)
    
![Synthetic data, Target distribution, Transformed target
distribution](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAAAhFBMVEX///8MDAwfHx/Hx8cdcKoGBgY/Pz8fd7Tx8fEAAABfX1+vr69JSUkxMTEqKip/f3/g4OD7+/ugoKCGhoaoqKjX19fl5eW+vr5WVlYlJSXo6OiOjo5nZ2fCwsJ3d3cZGRltbW2WlpYTExNwcHDNzc23t7ecnJzu7u7S0tI4ODjc3Nz39/dGkWhWAAAcJ0lEQVR42uydiXqqOhtGGf5QwyiDgnVAqajo/d/fny9ModLu7ra62+O7nud0WxGSfKyM9gRNAwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA8Jrwj/cCnZ8H01TsBFz8MW3nHDI7Kb3Qo5cn1pS6BTDDi059XzNTTufPXaaTdtYcheJ95sH/1jgyJZb0Zdjo05cuRa8XOMB+/AVPgMvo5+cCnk6uySQH3Z+Wd5UApOjQq4DMP5D/m5ecVs6hS8/gFAZd/Uav2PBoTcDZ7M+x0aFxAXTYEkw+V8Sdh6yMN1N8IOECN/qW5M28L+E+K+Qfn5zz+aED+RsDL3wj4Ztjrq7wn4O9D3pmdVeh+HFIT768rlmnzTNczU4Zn7xbMSyg0RBuw0mPGsuuCw3jBdH8pjKw7OsN1PLZpuuDoJWfWXmt7FtsQESTsJtoHjxXZTGbl7Or5y+VmxWwKl7g58zeTYYo7T9cXm7oEhqatLZ1VpTSitAt+sXyzYsaByu3T29o5K5i/k42Sy4qV02rShkBN5OTqlXa0C909y5rXnpvKz7Z1USSQbw5dF9xkqA17k/e6C45jg3lpHcymIZAfs5qK4FRMt0x55JTphT356QK+7Mp0WVAVsgpjl64ni2JXvhikW8qspLTFq+eY70zzua3wlpNURitgzIO0XAbafMsd6uiM3DikZiOgsDFa6GdFwEvJbdM81wLGPCsjg47bzF+mwW0ax1pAWTgtXpbpzqDM9CkmfCve3Gpzh2/NvSi1lzgul/UuX5VOaBWLQ+nywE/Kis2FdboflS905nORR6VttAK2IVATMeK0DC0Wl8GCzujOnUQ8MM1507nqvkjSaAVsM9SGvcl7LaBB0WemKqDJXNOc1QIm3HUSj63pyCJIl8z+6QIKwjDiYuhjyUDuONXyFQnoe9Qwunk46AuqXLQak6IV0PWG/Y/BZ/0khI5N2UoRsO2CScAjc+XxTByRvbW7uJ2AfQnCNT+pKW6L5kDdv1WFaDRCP6c8yrtncdGGHzm5d6JPuDm1Klt21DZ0Ic0d64LbRA7UZXBqLmMqeH+u2gVn7JmSbAXsMtSEvcl7LWAdfUsVsOmCScAw90M6XtERGlCs2E8XUHSz1IKb1EjIYOh1YSLtzJehYCeMUgSc8K08txUw4KtyogroKbNgOWCxFm8IWNZjRDeny1FfuGE3bAG1uvfMqbSJmmLEM+e5E3DCV3JiKUod1VNiK6efeUUDMf6iXdiWwlKKilr5dVFeCagmQqHZUPUWVw/Uc1UBC7d2qRGwy1ArYKHMguvos3BcwFk9jF2JwgWyJdjx558t4FT3ovV+RyW1/FYX0SmI8KzbFYy1KmAzUt90Y8Clx+U4rxXQVQSUMc6KNwSMxJVlNNvG+Hpm841jQFl7xPhgvXcoX0qKh4pzGvRJAZvyUd4iqpbtqXW5xP2ft2GJtIUsVflKwKtEbFmvLqLgyrmqgLXzu24M2GaoFdBXBGyiPxkXcF1fNeZzceT5fstdn78zdcwOvYB9Czjjm71k8l4LKDgmi+IyKmDXArqVbOvebgHvI2A9X0hfCSgKJUZ305EWcD8i4IXbdViOb7SAV4koLWB/7jstYJehMQG7FnAlG+btOy3gLxGQsln1AipjwIXbftKRb46OAZvIz+R/rwWsx4Di5UoYqh0Lg27wZjgGnNPxuwlIbVp2JWBdwmYMSOVrxoBjAmqW107Wr8eAs7FElDFgf+5Jvjk6Buwy1IR9IGA3Bozpzl0WVIAi68eAFPJmDPgrBJwxq3TcRS/gYBbsJmsnFqU782y9b5ZoSzELdvpZsLtx1pFhhKL8K1M0lgMBDbdM5Cx4Lea7iWdQr2Esyv20nQXbZT1LvpOAx8JznGwxFHC1TdaJpz83Aqas6mbBowLOiipKnaV1NQtuQnCVSFixOG1mwd25F1al+2YWfGKDWXCXoSbsAwENij7Ncs905yx5H6zC2auz4KqeBf8KATXHY/mm7AXUprQOWMrx9ykrWG5RTV0a/TqgOMOIu3XAZVUww6ZSbvJ6HVAdA26Leh1Qi3wRZDlsST2mrgPq7ky7m4CaWenFaj8UMLJylmenbpVXrgM62psCalM7Z0UVN+uAttOPT+oQvE6kXgc05dX7cxOfvbEO2GWoCftwDBjkzCvb9didDNmp0sfWAX+8gO9Ao1jwrST1lAb8id0uLTfMRiC+0b1lWQa6hUB8iIOvs0VwQSC+D8fTmbGdIBAAAAAAALefTRnMW3e/reWquOb4zHcQm7sSzie/m3n4qaknO8xe9Gnz28SQf7Zj8ngWM/Phg3NX5vy386k1yYq+0/U3zW9ZEJCAGS0nu9nDB+euTPjvruVz/pkFjIv8LmfbLL4dvFAKaNC3EUuj+Yi4+PQhg3NvAX/3CtTn8j+XXzzE9Z+4nouZJgVkieyc64/Uf0L/iMFBHu8rYOjtNEXAiPUt4BwCIo83yb/aBR+7/zd40AU/bnCQxzvkX5mEhCfBanGaXE9CICDyeKP8t8swm+bvKoLRZRgIiDzeKv/NQrRtKQJqyWK4EA0Bkcd/mn8EB3mEgBAQAiI4iDEEhIAQEMFBjCEgBISACM535vF/TxLE+O438OZBh4AQEAJCQAgIASEgBISAEBACQkAICAEhIASEgBAQAkJACAgBISAEhIAQEAJCQAgIASEgBISAEBACQkAICAEhIASEgBAQAkLAm9kHASEgBISAEPA/JqC6/3tKj6yjF93+73O7YN4eAipRWlcFW9DWgJHcJ/ACAb+Euv/7WX+ZHZijbDx2NGxzmp4fXkA1SvvkNI10UU8j/VmAFvBrqPu/b+hRnqtK2f99Y6ELfh0lSWaTgOiCv8xg/3drS70vC/vNZ/2XrPAO7WflNsiPKOBwl3xqBfMDdcFG7u4h4JcY7P++oGcfm3ze7//O2Ga/Y83TpeuN4B9RwEGUNC2vnw5tRqd1xs5q7YSAXxdwzZ/7/d9ZRTW/evQW8JWA59OhSOqXobdVa+ctBXx6xC7YoD2Rd/mjjwGvuuBexpV7rxbw6REnIRnF/KXCJOT1JCRon87g2fcaAz79t5dhaP/362UYk8XnRI+wDKNEaeeczwddyBiU5719r13y/7MCDvZ/7xaiu/3faUX6gGUYNUpLX9e9XSh6BoMVrqlBwPveQHwV908uDgEhIASEgA8oYBNqCAgBISAEhIAQEAJCQAgIASEgBPw3Aj5BQAgIASEgBISAEPD+At408hAQAn5IwFtFHwJCQAgIAX+cgE8QEAL+DAE7CyEgBLyjgE3TBwEhIASEgI8loCIdBISAEBACQkAICAEhIASEgBAQAkJACAgBISAEhIAQEAJCQAh4RwGfICAEvJ+AKhAQu+TXu+T3zxKAgBDwtjEe3SW/28QOAkLAG8d4dJf8bhtPCAgBbxvj8V3yu42MISAEvG2Mx3fJ754lIB29zR7REBACam/tkt89S4C40S75DyDgu8+Kk2HN0QWP7pI/6ILRAn6S958VF/hXj0PDJEQ2eAYmId/D+49pCDx0wWo1HeySf/NlmKcHEPAPD6oJ9NzIzhBwdJf8/lkCEPDT/OFZcaVzSq38qA5z8FXc3S7+mAL+n7070U4UiQIwDDiIKMQl7tFgUBNb3//9BnBDQRatQpT/njk96UijufWFosqy7kWtuOBlOV/hgR4AAVhcF7z/9owr4HMAxkalBiGBO6fNPSAAZU/DxNeKW462NeswSQNAAMqIxFpxY0d3xgNGwQAsTwMCEIAABCAAASj15IZxC+ABIQABCEAAAhCAAAQgAN8QYFIAEIAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEYNEAJTQBAAEIQAACEIAATAEopwkACEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAAVgIQQACEIAAjI3QNp6tuqv+W3tf9IK9cnYyGtAwAAjAUIS38Vx+1rbf+soDqEZ27wQgAKXkOLJD6kfbByitAQEIwHBE9oju+juY9EzNsVbHQ4TuEQ1AAIbjapd870vX63prvc18rB/2jxW7Sz4AAZgEsK+OjpdCe8EVEIAFd8F9fX16aGZxDwjAYgchfT20M7ndBGCO6O0AeE+Wwtt49vWf6XTqnaa93q6acso0vC1AR23WAHhHlkLbeNaD4YYncanprlVjGiZPdFtjffI5BaCULAEwS0y/PnSr1QWg+CwBMFPUZrrmaqOrziWISLFCf/LBXFZxEHKVJQAKvP6NR8puqV3dXvsR3SXf+1KzqwcwkiUACgpL//gKCm8NzZgJhpg6IY3JqF45gNEsAVBQnEd3+2teaqWk5lKpHsBIlgAoKvYzXLve6RspxQr7H7szwMqU6opkCYCiwgzmFv7MBIDhYoUdd6OcAVamWGEkSwAUC3Djnr6R3AW3zH10q3UFjGQJgGLCts0P2ws1VGY+cRDS2HhhNzeVugeMyxIAhUS7bX632+3Pfui9zuRihcF1sWKDkLgsAVDoIOQiEosVVhHg/Us2hDWgwXKs26+Rj2WWB6DxWgDdqeIeAoAysgTA1J6ldwgAysgSAOmC6YJLDLBxDgDKyFLxAMW2g2yA5jkAKCNLAEyO0TkAKCNLAOQesGL3gK8FcNNVNocAoIwsATDl7maqcA+Yfg94f5YAmBwd779DAFBGlgDIPSD3gCUHOFjU64sBAKVkCYCp0df/LZf/ggXPABSeJQCmhtb2/2xrAJSRJQCmxn47xa0OQBlZAmBqWL/+n78WAHNmKW6X/PD+EQDMEK1W68dd9HoL9weA+bIUu0v+xQcXAJgeLEa4ezFC7C755/0jAFhgA7JFr3LYJf+8fwQAASg1x/G75J/2jwiMityk/I0BNtY/X14AMFeW4nfJP+4fEYTQMg25AIpriwIArhzVdE2VecB8WYrfJf+iCxZ2BdybeleA9VlX3XbqLQDmy1LsLvlyBiE5AYpsiwIAqgP/v9oEgPmyFLtLvpxpmPcG6A6UyVoZ8E5I3izF7ZJ/sX8EADOF1Vdm/3rWPwDKyJIggLnjhQDWRsrUUm2W5EvJEgCLaEAWpALwkZjO51MAyskSANOfoqmbpt5kZwQpWQJgaown60ZjPRkDUEaWAJg+wxWsaZurAJSRJQCmhhaM7DYOAGVkCYCp8VMfenfYFgtSpWQJgMkRbP2uTya6aoeznVSs8OdDPSw/rwzA+CwBUEC0z3H+ZnKxwtZ6MPjWK1WmITZLAJQWKcUK/XB/K9YFP/Xk7w5w1eutQn9NK1aoKN2+ftgjoDKVkiJZAqComNZN1zXr51n+lGKFykY11eM9YGVqxUWyBEBRMba9q9nAHicADBcr9K5629W3W7UrYCRLABQV6r4KupqjC/YXCFfsHjCSJQAKAxjc2azUXIOQerNqACNZAqCgsPwp1mF9HJ2GiS9W+D3vbL7NdcUARrMEQEHRsXVtotvD0LcSixU2Nd2tV2siOj5LRTWgYbz7NMzo62v00GusxDTMfVkCYFp0zc3Dr/H9Ad6dpacBFNQcha2GAaCcLAEwNX6tP0EAjdd0mCnH92YJgKnhr/Pwl3sAUEaWAJga967zqBbAJ66GeW+Au5njjqcPvsa3B3h/lgCYEt/qbOGOASgrS483oPHeALW+otT0LgAlZelZAI1XAaj7c/t6B4D5sxT64MJwPDGX/he9YHnaDoCZw/TvbNQtAHNnKfzBhc6iZ+8BqlMvuALmAGiNx2Pd/wOA+bJ0tUt+/QCQLjhfNE8BwFxZut4l/wDQ1BxrBcCCG7AC84CRuN6kfA+w1tvMx/qhrxaxR7RhABCA2QH60bUX+y9E7JIPQADGR3wXHMTM4goIQOk5jh2EBGE3xTWgYTyXIABLCzD8wQVltbLHq4HX6663q6bIXfIBCMBbEf7gQnC3pynKUtNdq6YAEIAlyTEAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAEIQAACEIAABCAAJfADIAABCEAAAhCAAARgFQEKaAsAArCCABOLFX7aqmsNAPgSAI2XBJhcrNDqbTaW1gAgAGVFep2QqTkHIAAlRYZKSdvjnt0XpboACEARkVas0L8SHj8Oe1GsEIAAlAPwslih1yVrx4ItXAEBWHwXvHC2TMMUcHLDYBASNwi58gdAAEqahokvVjhTR9PpdAdAAEqLxGKFwbDD7AHwJQA+2hy8FQdAAAIQgAAEIAABGHen7MepTMNpyYaABjQACMAMcwV+nMo0nOYKAAhAyTmO3SH1YskGAAEoL8fxe0RfLNl4cI9oAAIwIeJ3yb9YsvHgLvkABOB9AA9LNrgCAvC5XTD3gABkEALAd5+GuSjTwDQMAAvLcVyZhtOSDQACsBQ5BiAAAQhAAD6LHwABCEAAAhCAAHwKPwACEIAArDbAR5oEgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAAGYAvDVIL45wMeaAoAABCAAAQhAAAIQgAWd3DAACMBnndxLHAABCEAAArCyABNrxc0tx2wB8KUAGq8FMLlW3Pq7BUAAyozUWnEABKDESK8VB0AASoz0WnFngHGlugAIQMEAr2vFnQHGFSsEIAAL64K5AgKQQciTAMZNVvWCHmFXOoB3t0YJa8U1Vivza9WpPMDYyaqeOvVCAeBjkVgrbhT8kjcrDzC2n+ip5eyCXwxg3tdYRYDxd8o9U3Os1cUNciMnPwAC8P7JqlpvMx/r2/AUAQABWAxAf7LKj6694AoIwOd0wUHMrPtPDkAAPjIICcJu3nvyQ+IACMA7J6va6+2qef8u+QAE4GOTVUtNd62a8hhASQHANwMo4eQABCAAAQjA8hB8ZYCv4rA6AA0AAhCAACwpQEnzLwAEYIkA5m0PAFYJoAFAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAbwUwf3sAEIAAfAxg6SECEIBVB2gAEIAABGCVARpGYQANAAIQgAAEYLUAltYhAAFYeYAFxoE7AAH4DH4ABOCTAeZ7SxiAAJQF0KgmwPJBfDJAwwAgAAEIwEoCNJ4CMMdsTAmLFV48ej/A8jgUuUv+OUsZAT4zsoxFSlisMPzo4wBLAFHkLvmnLL0CwCx5L2GdkPCj4gA+0aPIDSrD1VReB2BCvstXKeniUWkAryBKdSlyi95wPanoyfc/gBFqc6MEUTqAycUKLx4N9uHumP+9UjSuYyhwl/xwScdDcoaHpzk9eTmTcs5O8LfHkiMaYLhY4SXAfSWCV4+t8Cy9UXKGpe6C97/knUaeGJ4uCuU4vmP+yemC/eT8bQv6KWT9g2H3BQYhDan3XGU7PtcgpLhXJf8fFD4NE1+sMGYappIAk7MEQAET0fHFCmMmoisJMCVLACzunrG9q9Tx5cxSAf+AIAiCIAiCIEo2Zk6O4F0Bx//C0esb/xZ44apW/Cz73HKCWd7osX9NVW3+3Tq+6T/Hv9TjP23VtQY5zi8uPafB8s04vzj/8OCtiEG2xGY7v6JowUlnmZ+g9BGZF4zP08fUCy/Bamszdrzx/8wZrep27DT7+rsVgIoea33Uah/WreOblvcUPp/k463eZmNpjeznF5ae03Th7Ti9uL2PgfcTdTMlNuP5FcU/fGSOMj9B6SPyzkh8nuz9/51P74Kj/igN/13Tobm+cXgAKnLswH//tRb3G3sAuP9LhuOn5jzX+cWk57Ks8G0i5vwIMP1qfExsjvMrynKS/QnKHtHlWfF5Uh1tvFW25sr/NW8efnS7nQAweuyv6j+m/t4CqLqT2VTJcvzW3OQ6v5j0XBZWvxn+izv40Jz6KFNi85xf2bmf2Z+g7HG5OuZmrFubUd35qwWLK2bWYcmSNUsAGD12/yyTzxsA++tNy/7YZTnequc7v5j0nFZtJYd1/G0e/K5qM3OeJbF5zq/0j4dkeYI3ARh0jc7XVaPXcwCspwIMXo53C5R+/Ewb5ju/QID+qq3ECF5ciKOVJbE5zn99Sst6aYAZu+B9FzGT2gUfGyH1+IWzVZSydsH7FxcaF39kSWyeLrhjtvI+wesPQoLGcNpSByF+/Om91OOPTVzKQci1P2Vcz5TYHIOQttPN+QRvMA2zHG1rlndUlmmYxmplfq3ijrXsuGmSw/GNZa0z+pd+/EwdTafTnZL5/ELSc7FqK6H/Pb44//iv1nbzbbYyJTbj+b3oasGvQ9YnKH9kmoge/9/evfa4iYNRAMZYRjEQCBDCNeGeC/n//2/9GnLrZjrRqplZdc7zoa1ChlZHRxhcwJWo0th4mPwV7vPaTtOj9pPvPp8onr9/dlth2qtPvz/daR4aL+//j8TzeNfWh67/OPp+lInWGl4L9sX902XLdIh/9S8AAAAAAAAAAAAAAACAv8LljUz2779mFggH4bxDnucFU7/cvzPijIwRzhcKmWEc0kp49KY9q+5ay3AyYYV0zx63RFUvDIuOAwgH4bwt403RjwXdm2exXRyvxC5eVyrjIytGvrSNQ+XnOcJBOG/LWHM7lTE98qVvs9ypjG26t3Mrzz93lEE4X5NxEHktE+l8q3lKZ92OytgTTJHxzy4gwnl/xlEbHkd6VsbqDP3UxpxxPZIffgREOO/PmFINskvGepTxVcbXhxeyAuEgnDdm3Jk8Ltkl43E6z14YR1H2o1PTg4SbHOEgnPfNNLis9e1LxnqmoVGn1wZ3GVtG6velkAgH4XylqEIGCOebNHwM2Q45IJxv0lUi8wPkgHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADgf4inpmhP3Udbff1aVPPJ23nPvl5HI5Sr5z/6y4bBR9bwb4O01sm6++iukWJq0bMC5lJXKufnlwpY41YoeMLK9P/XB/+5gB9CAeEF3nXtArvVhzLLMwxZh55YOvOKkzJRBRyWItPLhORlJUw/MFbzywimng0WE951HRt+EtVuTxvWbiW83WJesFN90lgt8yLcpAKzUtZ8qsNRUsFi2agCmqf1YInR2NTS4XxhmJUXDiktXZWbZpNEwjbOg7Q5H6cC7mkgby6rO8XMWzuuSRuiYkga0zKMMZWcq9G6a4akaG0ED5ODJaU4RfRWC/04bcnUHyWtEZLL6DYEixWt5FfS9pUemePLEEwFXLCHJV1SkatB3bsMwcGW1hi8DcFBEP4Fa1HCn9JHaSvNnJ5h3Koq1eojmdKGqrwVUA/UJ3UmWLmBQsfJuwIOcn2/x1afMfr0o2Na0dC7vhawd1v6gCN3uAk6uaOFglJ9aKNzQN06+5eLEEsd58T8Jir/voDh47qS06rjDR0aK3O/7R1aX2Yq4Iotw23fyAShw52FpIYVYpPpsfQ3BazcXtu8dAR0dNOSWwGn/e1RQJhNC6By/W69A7Om5dHuCxg/FrCsDtfS7j49B3T0WJtSATt6QlLtjx7NPaGAcJmGcZskKSp2nC6JzeCxgIkseb+4K+DG9JpkaFxVXDMb+tXdVfC+nvd5FJer4EO7dJw0owKG0uf9ORbW4LgZCgizdZoxYdrTQqyJnKbybgU0dtU0D3gpoJHXpmiXNLWXLMX9PCB7Ng/IT6wteyrguWxpHtBZqk0DCgjPdALTI/BteCg6pADfRrJ0gRQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOAz/wBDTBDPmzFkAAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

At first, a linear model will be applied on the original targets. Due to the
non-linearity, the model trained will not be precise during prediction.
Subsequently, a logarithmic function is used to linearize the targets,
allowing better prediction even with a similar linear model as reported by the
median absolute error (MAE).

    
    f, (ax0, ax1) = plt.subplots(1, 2, sharey=True)
    # Use linear model
    regr = RidgeCV()
    regr.fit(X_train, y_train)
    y_pred = regr.predict(X_test)
    # Plot results
    ax0.scatter(y_test, y_pred)
    ax0.plot([0, 2000], [0, 2000], '--k')
    ax0.set_ylabel('Target predicted')
    ax0.set_xlabel('True Target')
    ax0.set_title('Ridge regression \n without target transformation')
    ax0.text(100, 1750, r'$R^2$=%.2f, MAE=%.2f' % (
        r2_score(y_test, y_pred), median_absolute_error(y_test, y_pred)))
    ax0.set_xlim([0, 2000])
    ax0.set_ylim([0, 2000])
    # Transform targets and use same linear model
    regr_trans = TransformedTargetRegressor(regressor=RidgeCV(),
                                            func=np.log1p,
                                            inverse_func=np.expm1)
    regr_trans.fit(X_train, y_train)
    y_pred = regr_trans.predict(X_test)
    
    ax1.scatter(y_test, y_pred)
    ax1.plot([0, 2000], [0, 2000], '--k')
    ax1.set_ylabel('Target predicted')
    ax1.set_xlabel('True Target')
    ax1.set_title('Ridge regression \n with target transformation')
    ax1.text(100, 1750, r'$R^2$=%.2f, MAE=%.2f' % (
        r2_score(y_test, y_pred), median_absolute_error(y_test, y_pred)))
    ax1.set_xlim([0, 2000])
    ax1.set_ylim([0, 2000])
    
    f.suptitle("Synthetic data", y=0.035)
    f.tight_layout(rect=[0.05, 0.05, 0.95, 0.95])
    
![Synthetic data, Ridge regression   without target transformation, Ridge
regression   with target
transformation](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAABDlBMVEX///+30+bG3OwMDA0gd7T9/f44hrwfd7Tx8fEAAACfn5+wz+QHBwgDBAR/f3/Hx8dfX1/7/Pw/Pz/g4ODq6uoXFxf4+PgfHx/V1dXu7u6urq4mJiZNTk4rKyvc3NypqakSEhLLy8vQ0NC/v79paWnj4+MbGxu3t7cdcKr+/v6FhYVtbW2KiorZ2dm8vLyPj4+kpKVJSUn09PQvLy9xcXGVlZVkZGQ4ODiampovgblbW1tYWFjn5+eysrLCwsJGRkZDQ0M9PT0iIiJ3d3dTU1OOutl7e3szMzPE2+u20eUFGCQedbCEtNUXWYgaZJgba6MJJTkTTHQQQGENM04qfbecwt1oo8t8r9Kqxddxf4k9Xea5AAAgAElEQVR42uybe2+qShfGSUgTx4zgDVHQildSrXgXU7ZaL2m//zc6swZQtHbXZp/9vp70+f1hKbJm4OFhbiwVBQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADwo0kzxjJGMKDtfD7eW2Dpv1cl06AAjHeSP623etyoiO1y+X8iv96BAjDeSf6G+NQu5L5F/slvvnqCArDWd+R3WS/ugDoHVQ10Kf/S5rVR1hRbpZ7NnWwxDsqqzY3qJ/aWZgbfNswsledmHVZS6r6qbpriq8fA4Mar2PLyDu8eJlEHVK46fEqVtNjozVBfB1DgJxtwzqxI/klNnbt9k+RfssNqZJtC/oexqnnLbi1+5LMZs+e5ib0B23vDrirl7y5cK9dji5Xlq6JHs3ejtTVrKQW+sVqjl0oo/0DdjdyAPZP85otbN+0cFPihBtRzE9fY5iL552wlthZC/gfDp64oI+Svy7vTYPNYftk8nPaW2V7+L+XPUiOS6VM/ZARKkQ3DGIs1E0PwgNMwaKymhPxjGatDgR87C2asVonngIGqyF4hLTSVwuWF/C9OjhBqxvKnlOTeuWxEchkpP92+JWvQV4GhPO26w+YDdUTcTz8e5TdIcyG6K6paiq0Bq0OBH2rAUaPVls+glP91R1tlIf+ajWgzEPK/spDX4wiIPk97e0xO64xs3KH1oq+YaEAWBnP64natqyrbDSP5MwsKoCpaUvi/OumEAnc/BlxIDT59/gOnIRmcyX/ae/b8N+Tzb4XfycMHvUyb/ub0F6rn8vn/vxvwpytwBwasOLWH34yARhfjk1D+096zEVBDRj2fBUzfw78pOvByBHQXBvzJCtyBAZVn6m3kHNBOzgFdMQcUPVJu7Giul85aZ/In9gaZ0xxQlieeeKtVn2lKczt0vTf2pswP6ZZ7EA98NAe0R+5LOAe8CwP+ZAXuwYAlWgU4roIdolWwHbfT1Skp/Tzlqt1+PJM/sZdWwXxdnR3LU6y8ys2DpxSztqpOhzlFP5jcya+U4yqYGq+C3YcBf7ACd03FWNx6qB6O2aEA+Hf41bda6Skv33Cop628oWGXoABs8y8++lUjo25uWh7Vt07GyP6CAnANAAAAicbEx1zOrlq/f9Mz0VrH7Y7WvL2KnnW1jK8ojB3W/86lhPW0WOvvyKFrlZuLSepT1go3x3nvKrO+cbpRPfKs/6N0aPhSy99gwGIiSbfxnQUBWvm6UsZXVB1LL3znUsJ6Unrq78jxzG4/m6Q+9dufiCfH9/TKN043qqfzX09S+JcM+EmK5ScGnHxxUrvxx3250m1G/xtyXDfg5FsG/OKaO+z5ZlW/3xDcCU9GW9xIh4nZ2DBTka23SW/EzbOsx/SUO1VaWwh/ApE1lYJ8bx7e45bc1pRGYHIzoPsSpVg+9Uz+7smY1MzMdPuUWkmEP6SIy9BY4+AYZ+GttuMc6M1TlJIZVlFQCi8Gt58fKPa5Z2ZcjTUPqjPLDTaqSXerNJuqjk/dVlRP2AWvfK6+6rJ3KgeqkU39mRyyIKKl1DfihPbkpCjjtLJw1PGjfLIGgfhuftJHKim300q+tvZ5cBb+OFa7M3qk5lNVtfdhFaairF9V7q9OquZrus/NtLKa8pordj9md7xbbZ7qkV3ww7PNjReSMF9rbPmu93CnDgxsWg7lI0UZ++Hwobmb6nozmfXYY4E72qmDhAFLLlvoerjMn0qzN13vKHXNWtfzRvGYYrlnC3dpGvS2auoMvaH6+qTofKzr4TpZXIbGzL1nnYXv+u7SEXFxSmZKN7a6Xip2jaXbZ20yYDdveQWN2T1vz/r20MvScCmVHbXcGTUEUT3SgCO2servfE3XZ2vekGf/SA7ZOvWZpYvuvTd0W8sdqRJlnG75s6fZZLeyWht5M7EV6yMb/R6b63pRyTvdeWudDOc1EUhxddb3vGVf6VisTxVn3uvWhtrfSNW8Y6fdKtNqdden18PrmbW2qnxwrEcacMGEhEZXqCmOX3rtu20cl6yj9OxqVsmpb9H4Ne5z4qzHCqetDn9JGPCzLjg3UYdximWFUzKcTu1dT75tsui15scuWDsVFYe3ZSf3K5GSadI57OW7/DYbCAPucjKU0k+m5L2ccYjKyC2mxy6YDPjQpbSBiSEdRe1kmz/9gRyXXfBTbk1nGWacujIDtUdXtOlSQ9vnlWtdcJ55l+HUxY+F//tOPO+SJ+sbooHM1bpPkaoiVGhZyZD3mnHqai5nz473gc66LCXU2RsdL0eymzs1IL1RzPeHXWVNypwpHmc9uuHwZ2x8YcDJfpcRfUA7TrF0wymcKWK2U0q2nFBixzUDNi/DXRmuJ1IypQH9mpyAiptcYLMwlPrEgFHP5VP6SN1XRRn8zIDlcCzVZpPo+CX79QdynBnwMTCo36vHGad7VpGlaEop06drdsW1XDNg6LJkOF3DnlN7HVjFowEn0kmiunKkqpI36FPm3ZRIhVyvRrqNzwwYZnspNT8+npr2+2T3MuGrMhu88dKF4vEb7xFb045F5gsDVtWe12icUiyjOF/E7KJky8V1Axavhcve85iSKQ24ew0H572odYhCwxf9+Rq1sQdLbyzYmQGjNFFKAQ2PT/9mBvu1HEkDTrq75bph0d7wJEgkMoYmzjJidNWA8lH6EC4rTPsZ5nuRATvyt09SyyhpIQyVeijkzj7bu3pjmj8zYJTvSrmy4fHyh1J3ycJwMymlO/c3yieKJ1rAjS+3rhowJfeUTimWiRbQr4XJloXPDfghPFrCi1Iyz1rA5WcGPOyoc31hn7eAXxnwazmSBlzJc/RODjq1gJNMNrzm4ucG/BAeLeFN3HdeuGgBB58Z0JEX2s1/2gLeuQHrbLMV9+xV5kNKAd79c8UrvBqPAduOaBeKjhnlSUY05cAnJZ/V+SnFMjkGVOO0JMUJjnFRGbEBL8KPa8jysGgM2DiOAa8bkDqaXyo71hOOAadPNAbcKjcY8Gs5QoasLB1E46vDyUGJMeDrtHSmT8hKDi+OBrwIP64h03A5MQZ8CMeA1w3YliXlj/VQIQO5at+QY8A7N2BRrhCkmRyISQGyvN5oJhXvsZdoFrymhMsp/exQMW23Ed3HCd+2Gh1l6yy9N8M5Okj4pe0uu+EsuDv03OVBpyHJ6pinHpYRdcGX4eSdU0qmFDw5C75qQDF98dI7mylxPdEseLyKZ8FfGfAGOaK1p7beSBWdqbUK7JODwlnwTs6CHT/dWg3zR33CUR+rrkWjGLriQzhVuOjX1/WpWoyusZXx66toFnzVgFk+9J6N7qmeaBY8i2fBd25AMYfUaajh/MPeuWgnqnNxPDNMZ4wDKirgDaFU7ULrpWDV1aq16mrXeYPv/Z/kI9wELx1sRS7JXuvMMByNyd+f2ck27q06ipdeKTPwtVN8ptOUGQcEWZEWJXMwA52GjjeV6gxa9Wxl6rEi7ABUux1aX+hod6q912lKHBuLf+WNgk5CFasNG8D9pyN2dkcyLcFLzzLjxAGPAQgeBFqcmaOwXseaRmu7OOC/AAwih2mbDooD5qcUN1F2BIFqQaZe8+butDTpMNy06+pjT53GVitrU3HwdPSC2SJHd14Ud4yeOOBRAKsTjnpbmqtz63WcOCAj23HAmAMYsjXpLnZjHmH6k924mbJZ3M3WMlZn3kYP94Mc9Ube/FhMfiuZkbd4pTBZfFBMp5chbz4xYjGy7gfFNdBUpOY4uoi2E3xPphpojVp9pqjnKpGIWJj2mq0oj4Jm7BKpWuWFMzxEqzNQijoLwKOYz4sNIhGxsK0Ml0DljJ09T81AhpFQsOEeVNCGLQ/7RB9iYW8JYMX4D8VXGwUwML8y0nMga8afKPIbZ2Ihm9p4Q1MdWvZNXsGINj3zBHTNUxJ1K1bHZzKZajOTImufeQ6TKBCatYQ2AnDuBXDVsgFcWwDmYOrszOzeRIGwrNdpmm74UxeMPv9t2E7Lh3/OQZg5fwaMsQLV//73X/WMx/fpsxUIyf+2OuY2w78JmR/bhGRgeqKo7fevDCa+Cvz4/efPn98/znhGpRuPwbSou/l8vh+GWZlhGN0fhkkTgF8bTGwV+PHL4O/Pr18/kjcYaP8YywxEv9mBaPpoIDo1AN4vUgbgDZr/EIG/A+4rpGUS3860AFjmoJQuAH/+cexnoMf3KbgkAEYXdYIiny4A/7oA/g3ycPYDrm4IgFHZDNIKwHoGfIdym7jgqKxPm4eSU7YG/HXGGnBp/tqTABiN8ab7Sd8u+FfgXXBGsH4wQQCMxGqm+0kbgOfEAYdwnSEARkjgAqQQQHDz8+/PYDEYdZYHBMBkDoYoQHr8PXuYYw4g260SAKOzEeQyeAP4AEWWABiVlahd2ho8Abxldr+fJwBe3f28wSmLNYBaHW5VAmBU1oW7REh4AtiCXJlsQuLgfvAEcAHd7KsEwOtbw+N+sARQ1a3ksQTAiBZAmzLAGkBQHvMEwEQPhigQwx63i6Ioxf/DP7wJDcBkKFDJqukEcK6AckeLedfVRyuhcigAJkIB/mO/ulKaXLDYjnnXn+B+qegLu+DYK7CxTwGlB8A3CJn6yApwiPvvt0B/LD3/7qLE2MsGt1fhsWBNSy3rfFoevtp3ke1VT2k/y7R+a5fH8sxmZsuAfRfode70YZAK7dRtuSSAwRVweu/8/QUF3Cxm7oWvZf/dQ7uDB9U1Ew6gSj3Mm2MGRXbL4l7aWYmZVXrULtvyraAbmNy/1/YB7FCG5+JlwZR/Yj+l8Dg3zJ8WrioU8qWB8WJl438NdlX9rJZBV16UJGp40v3o8PXm4gAGV8DpvTuKLyjgZjFzL3y6+O4eWrWDCrGkCsA+KkZQQVnq+bfR3gOn6GNdd4s1aPVB0Srouw9gQzSeOhIbSH6N6r/krLtHHIg3s21vre61/IjU3T5/4n7ml98FB1fA6f3mID9vcAXMnRRc7l34WnTvHtqzfQg1RQCOZBW0G3QbqJZooEvZtuQZxFnP1aYwBqcAHK4AWA1N+bMfYCGoHvl3DRpLrPGW02f2fCZ391vuCn2gcKMT/W7TR4o7fx/A4Ao4vfeO4lwFkDVhZe/C16J798AUyOTTFoYZQ4qGdBb9xEXXdcWY5Zu2aW0zE3zXKUEmifxJAMt0qUSXTfmnQ8DK6JuiAoM0z3kaBICmN8qMztrurb3fsrqBDDydcv82F0YcMLgCTu+9ozhXAWBnMfNd+Frc3T20wTB1ccBir3lb3ByfcXzytzkFnAQQbHO5LUqJBPqM4SVbqIZRYYU096+AGFSTqDe1VkOOg9q1LHUkZSRnvzyYcBVwe+8dxbkKADuLme/C1+LubogKxAdAWUILIM+C+pQDqkGGYYz9InsUwIUg3Jvyb8yH0dXjDkhAi7ynDrpdchvZtdx58r7fflsoIQEYWAG3955RnK2Ak8XMe+HTxXN3z0bNOAPoBEesHDEPqIisYehzeJCj3Ntja71R97g9j78wl+CiPTlkKoZ9PFeOz4Bsp8Mi+VluiB6Hyog78nsd0At6L8fmJz3HuUd63Zbl0wCWKCYfCoDBFXB77xnF2Qo4Wcx2F96W/Xf3FiAM1YwxgE5wBG38s+jzXJwYV6hrBznKvT2WGPS9duvjaJsSk62MUUThaWVKZjlKTVHgUCn55QeZjJmVsEZn0OPedScIUd4TsdscUWiXcSNYb6vZtN0yKHQWpZp8zB36DqFeFMAzFHB6vxvF+Qq4WczcC9S026J798B8h1Dj6YLdeamxAu5y7UiOcm+PN6LlBI8vO5wwbE5w10tmLNSwAqps5pHffN0CaDxaoMFbOwy7N50tRLpu7vbu7R45TZvdzfQEev3OH+mJ7xDqRQE8RwGn987fX1DAzWLmXphNOy26dw+sBTtVkAwA5wz6cBZlWRwbXfPnKLfyg16mx7ni1YbmP4T6LfkTqoD/EGq8AXxAJX/BbFCRhBXw5yi3MyRfpsfTq9XrM9zPi3oh+ZOpwJzzHUKNN4D1njtxGH7Al6P8op//69nwlPuJeAa8no2hzicFwCV0AxYqIx0pE5K8wBE7vAsvDpgI498rICkAFnYbugpc/mMTkngjJ6JjMhg3OJKhnszwVu62dF8/lqM8afKrQw1zAPkhG//BuMGRGW32p/0m0+seWjl9GohOxAJQZ/EGcAMfUzWdJ6vHFRo+4T0DHjmESgC8nvvR4aOKG4C+JIHHDqESAK8Yfzg8hJp2AH1pUtUXuNYIgFHZAMIFbrtgf7mkEWTygAAY1Q5Y/9z9pBFAf7kknvvkhC4BMHRrTzTcANwrFtJvsQTAtA0m1gqcWS6JABieNWs4AuidAW/vCIDRGTuFQwwB9JRL0upQIgBGZjlIlTAE0FMuaXL6FBABMHTLM3CEowvexQFrEBIXHF0v1ycPoaYdQPubkLkMN2QTEpkFcj9p/i745vX0IVQCYOimBHI/aQZwcZCKjgB4Tat1Ad4AqtkZIACmczBEAdLjf0x/bdwBHFUJgBEuAGm5iTeAg2BbMAJgKMaLnx9CTT+A1c5+MnYC4BVtDLk51i5Y3cK6RgCMyu7/dQg19QBmIXNLNiFRWZkL7n7SCWCTgl1AAIzOAdc1vAHcwjeWABiZab1bgDeA1UIJEADTPBiiAOnxCWOzN5gDqI3URA7GyRFtZuVE6Yv5nkw10BcKiUrNkYNbzAGcwF4iB+PkiDbzEiPcWp2BUjSTE4nJSU6Uh0EOoaYZwFrAU0BxHIwFoI1ahpFQnYv7RKVny6zhM95rwHawQ6hxBpDi6pMy+jIRTYN6LsQc0Ze3AhQyYcsfawVuXuEHn2wApUVloYs8GNHo1uskxBzRFzcJni7TdzH5Y63AMOAh1BgDiGzO1GwAV60E5YjmOfgevjeNswLlz1PRJQZAsH445YJjvQJSnvnryB9bBe5aahoALNNZaxMyT9gmBADMAbyaApc3O0e0Ns6X7qadjBWGWSUnR7RaucUdwGU/yQDaOaK1V44RCij+zPdkOkGBaE1kangDWOaoZYIBTHqPe5ArYw3gWYdQCYCXtntoLFexBvCsQ6gEwIu7n3MOoaYRwCaFijwTACNyPw0oalgDyE5hkSUARmULyCgAawCfgqSiIwCGZTfDIcAbQPZdAgTAJBoJRBMAv+2ANdwBlHgCYHS2hPUq3gBKcMoSACPrjYBqfOIMYFv+wikgAuCl7BmuM1gDeLOCHywBMDr3A5cAawAfINVP1Ns53lnyAfym+wkwmGNyxUkBhYazZM0nRcMoStcpqph8ALffWn8HGcwxuSJVwFcMGKhT2FCTBaBhw4axb6w2UvDl4XzbB6HLfyBXlAr4igEb1myUQeIA7Ji/XKlwuKxavzmYA7kiVMBfDDipS3pqgP4cUAkHUFtcR/4DuaJTwF8MGJTvkgngsyC125JQSDiArbN/hP21wRzIFZ0C/mLAagMOEwmg1qIhpFv/Z+9cuxPHkTCsWTc7KIebAQNJuIfLOoROuIaTQAIkHXp6Ts/ZPfNl5v//kcXgBNuSjXwtiYm+hEPaHenhpVRVKpeHYgvQcxGq28UQuOAImB8GPPNeBQT9cQ6bzaFYMyZGXnHbhsf7Yiy4OLGAfc9FqPAfZ7U7RKrQAvRRhOp+MRZckD7gx8OAkbzBy5iYAswvMa6iqdCJ6BlONFE0+AlcoFHw+8OA0Ruut5GYAnx4bktV1K0ILMC8FID/zRqEWHFxkQcsYVxDggpQaaIt0arQaZjFYywq/AQuLk5C1LMWElWAUl8j2qgLnoaJCj+B67Mi2ucYvG2Jxl5fhRVgox0lfgIXBwSezkUWYEkZJF4rivGBfnqPaPmlIikP2seb1Vp1PCIuW3PEi/V0hPgJXPAE2vVOX2ABonlqMHgzPU9N7xEdX9b66fuNJsDpfD7XpsZhj2ifRaiu8VtxhU3AXPBCGXLWbxUQ7MeZ2+e0LHeSfrRna+Dtb7J6lpfD9mx3OBmUAWRaDIErZALWghdy3GCpigQWIN5V8OSxjQC/alPK1uuV8fYnfw0qcxJOReqCE7jCJXC84KWZ9FmEyocAcxJdgIWN1mp+9rVUKy6RpUc0Bw1q5VVw248bAeq4QidgKXihjGEFv6oCC3A8xq3xeNy7v6cKUC6P4h97ccPSI5qDFt2TALcfFvwWXKETMBe80Mabx1Z0vAgwu/Vgs9ns87RPE+BWfx+rU5M1/h7TMOydoSjxW3CFTsBc8EIb548eqoBsAxuILThD/ZM7AcrlyuHbVcJPnz2iKbjisBYw2MAG4uOM79J658Y/rPeIlsud5nw+L6BqqpHrXvLXI7orRy9AAlc8XB/wi5MPqHZVD9kbh8AG5CRk9zSJycDwlt4jOrf7ga9Qe1VPrHsaea4S0QvPbfB8CJDAFXYU/MUhCp7gR9V19sYpsIH4OOv7u2zq4sTt+pgreIwiFyCBCzAPWErYVQE5ZW+ctnWQYoRdJV0zIZoA1QGuFKIXIIEL7iSkYFuE6pi9cQpsID7O/SlHayWaACceHoUWwGIIXHAEXmyLUB1jF94s4FNilUqtEk+CCdB++wlXgAQuMAJPGF94yd44BTYgi2k+VDaZPhJLgOo9fo5BCJDABURAldf2reicszcOgc1ndyz2r022zcdi4CzgMu4xe8NRHnD75+L6EC4KBvg20XBxScA5e8PRSQjOI6wPkQR43oARIA0XDIFc33v2hqeP80pGV/oQSIDqY3IGIkAaLhAC8ipx4TV7c1obGsiMgyxCFdMHvA60CghwMc3DEEeAgRahuloMDRcEgUYSn52GPcGHIYwAgy1CdecDUnABEBheBlmECvpx5nK5i/Ws2ZxdXggjwLC2H4bF0HABEGjhTh6dhgC3Y7MraOxuRJlxKazth20xBK5ACLgKGa4w/npCLv3+RLUkTDGCeptRAfETuIIg4CpposqpF3RCAhw9FBAqPIwEioIh8RO4AiAQfK9nkQSYVurLZV1JizHjRhwYP4HLP4Hjt76ZJlA4MQGi4Ww8ng3FmPG8vq4C47fick2A8Pdc3fhRSozyJyZAgWasDvCowNli3F5E+nvHb307jMIohCogYAHerZQcuhUiDRNCEarrxVhxuSRA8ffcWMAXXJ+f2BY8qV8nquhMhEd1lRJ4Am3OCVzuCND8vSPFU5YMzAU6MQFWLrSOiyLclLTdfgYqNH4ClzsCVGt3pHjqMM47eHpyUXAipxHtC5AHTIW7/TDmAa243BGg+3v0PCCZnc7g9fDkBLj/St8KcBIyHywQOH4CVwAWkH4SQlFldZVGJyfAs05Nql1LNQFmrCJ4/AQutz4gq79HzU7zQCDwMSti3JnxPmP1Kfy/wbQYKy7XUTCbv0dGK3KaEwLBDvlsjvJ5/md8hqcqB/hJXP7zgIx79XVIVZAcBCHWoTcpR2pKSWS1xFuhV5fK2l1oYL1hqhK+5gI/gcv/SQhbtBJ4ESptHiCdEcjEkt6kHN1IF6VHZTulVudrM7vrjgXUpFy+xyuZCwESuNgJuKq5slrA4aVtIyJvqqNaYggB1taTNFmSrwlQVW62xk+aoXhy63O3cReuP2AKSzk+PCACFzMBdzeqWaOVKe4E8DSQwxzoFTggPaKpJfmaAKtYw1zOoK9YW/soBdYhNZ3Ed4gPAZpwHSNgtHlua67M0cpFIEWohznYVOCA3OKjD1KAaay5fdNndLdLuz5PLU3KI+sRLQez/QQiQBOuIwSMNs9dzZX16vN6EK3oDHOwyUfyUw2zF+DcKMBly9KkPDILqHY354gTAZqGMwGTzfPQbNdgP9W7bABVQIY52FTggAiw31ouW33kfguOcMYq4kaAVly2F5ltnpuaq7AIGObAkQWsJe/H4/tk7VgQMocKQua5qFAwBSFWXLYXmT9jP+3GqwGVoBrmYHMiAyHA9dvOm1kb3tKblJvTMEugJuWxZ6nLkQAJXLYXmW2ei5orYqMfKcEcghjnQD+RAUlE72rcTdUwepPyXSJ6pSeiE1CJ6Ntwi1Dd4idwMVpA9porYowDqwIyzoGbPOBg59GdPUfkt7sdzZCLUN0uhsDl4AOabZ7HhlVbDxwHVgVkiss5OQmZKK27u5YyWSwWHAqwUAm5CNXtYghccYco2Gzzjp6EGP7B4WWwRahH5gCZiPbWHibsGY+xMkc8CZDAFWfLA7ozT4eX6iu+HHJFgK8R8oyfAtx+QlpMnPEkhMFB+0gbGl7e4WQDeW339ylA3zvwuIUEFqC7EPUjbWjMIMYfrn34j58C9D3Uf4oADUGzOX5WQ+/dcTCvnwI0R8CyAIsJioAhbXh4eadajGMYyzaY108BGkdVWuX/OQKkWcCfyXIBhfXQVorv+SlA44imCJUjH/DLwQfcv/zPj30VkN9zZFbfEygNs7Myef5a9EZThOo6DWPFFRgBQ9pQf/mnXoTq1wI6htCm/xxOgG3ubkxP40iKUL0JsB3G0zKtecCf2rOaLcbR5//r7HtCCPD2Fl/fbkeZtwaV8TV+4M+foODyScBoncwnIX/V8QtpHP35ePxZwGIRd4rF4uUzbw0qp7gY50+AFFz+CDhYpwHeFNiMGLuP5+x7At0Vdx7uZ+ZxlEZPiD8BUnD5IuBgndR0pcToxrFG10d9T6AouNCX+RMgiiEuBUjg8kPA2ToFQ+B4CA2cBxxOk8kq6l3zJMBYE0EMlsUQuPwQsLdOhX5Qi2IIoWFPQnqbJ6mKFlwFIbfJG14FSODyQ8DeOo0TQbVBcBVCQwiwmNb6jVUljgTYTOAZrwIkcIViAQMtQnURQgOV5G+JNjkSYKGCyyqvAiRw+fMB6dYp38EBVgG5CKEhBLi61Yi2OCrJ72Elj3gVIIHLZxRMs067IlQy7PUcCbNfCPKgGqmV6Hqy3f8AABvgSURBVC2lBjcC7GLcRdwKkMDljcC7JqjW6Qwn78j3o6gJBEnDNDOVykOTmxmfK7iF+BUggcsTgYOYKNYpJ+EemR+M5Hlen9Uw2/1nshmKtBgvFzmLSU4tyfxgyDWBgAKM70eBnxnLPH+bCFweCBwV03cyOg63JhBSgO/3eBVTMQ5m3IbcAtzcFfeBywMBRzFVC9T8YKg1gaACPOu8LRZvndl1/Rp+xvJm3eRbgAQu80VMAaeTmOLrUZWm0MAsoOMMIQS43PXZqS3R3SXxu+Luy95CGe3HPTI0iw5pxm+43uZbgAQu00Vskep3BzFlsPJbjJIf9FkTyDhDkET07tSxn0BVsiY1P5/Pv+IrlBlsX2hlIB/NosOZ8RPGNcS3AAlcxovYItVfdBeQJqYbjH9u9UHJD/qqCWSdIYQAL3dVjy+XqNGh/r63VlFGb4j10Sw6nBnHi9EXobrFT+AyXMQWqe41QJfBXwn85+4Xv4STBzw2QwgBLhKj6XSUWKAJtQlsQfN1MpJyOc2jQ6fKcGacAShCdYufwGW4iMlPe9cATUzyf/GP3/UbkwI8CWEMf4AEiHIvr+UX29t/asmtU1ZblBajSuHQLHqvzYBb9F5g/IR4F6AJl4WAQ3BxEM9BA98JTf2Nk3+Emms5FktHL0BVzjpXnj2/t6OcJy8OzaJ3I+gm5fnyG+JdgGZcFgL29sWwfRo1YNlV1W8//hduroVHC1h3FGDu8IDk9Y1lCw68Sbkqcy9AMy4LAdtI1ej6GzRARAT/+j3kbPOxWBpCgOMXp9+mlHdR5BNnh2bRIcy4j8AHy2IIXOYomBqpmlz/gwZkS0TQDyzX4hQBfeEtCu5Jm+l4O+jfmKLGezhO567uO8Zm0YHPuJl8KIggQAIXQx7QvPF9aMCyH3bxWA0m1yJWHjCrD+ovu7uO+MNnJVnMaBnij2bRQc94CFWE6hY/gYvhJMTi+r9rwPx2XsE9xlyL/ke8RcXcnYREEDiy2GGoIlTfi2G4yOr66xowva2WcWXIlmvRReonL2j3V/6xAoQrQo1CgDaunentGU422ayUHrrYJrP97MMgAmy8PL5uB6QA99uPGAK04mK5yMa127/966/fYqgv4Rs2P+2QyPYcr9ifx8E8KWmQKF9KGUgB6tuPCAIkcDERsJHU+6nwv3/b4GzsiD6IjdtrxsbhPA5CgJUJkqrqNAUpwG6xiQQRIIGLjYDNphr7pm+kf6/bR/RBhi5ec9YO2WgIAUo5VG+ikgLqA/6fvStdbxrJolJZS4RsQpo4CRCgP5aM0wNNExgYDWbopkfTlq3EceI4zPu/yFh7LbfKpcWW5Vg/+qPjyCldnbrLqVO39pSmAJAxl6wFQAhmYDtYgI/ULZb1gDq65WO3DgCevFA+/Kbs1rcv+OChsiaXzMMw5pK0gIgh7I1xGIHrtRlS9wytTA6oGiLsrh6AD3a+vFN+6X46rK8I+W/reWMACJiLf1QX7vI4eV0EtsvWOQY2ygNGX0Ms4GlRFVyEs1Y1IXZXD0Br/9FrRX9z/PFRXQCsWYSa72EAc/FuilyeF3PGnLw/xNUkEKEiDmkTe05AwlCEB8RL6PWogq39Zb+zRV9waD1QGgRA2ZswVzMHicuJegHYxm3rmgAmcaZl7DmJLyi+EoInkOvBA9YOwH9Z33c2EICkq/G5NescYENrONI42ufMc2YShjKy1MyR3q7JSoj1c3LVA8DfrM7ukh4tv4OQACBrLvgmslbV+Hm/emV1LhxXJ4adgiz7Gjd2i34pYf766QGtd/fiqxYAvm5Z95f0ZAVSJAkAsuaCb2LYuiTu0VPiRcea4AONhu3GAMRSv+gDnypmcs6y9dMD1hyCDz5+XhIFWKSVSoUhGHEAyAxn5/gSH2iWOhqUejVyjVQxk3uWrZ0esPYccEkiwDQHc3J4iEpzQA3Cnwv84gjzjVjqGIKE9lhUCC0wy9ZND1grAF8vbwFEVO5xw1a1VbAmEYAfniICnIimmCmPRZLUhRoWbfWA6XX25PPS2iDgOZimSe6vrVSOpRqLHeB+9/2MCM82s8hGjpb0gNU3LLpbAHxlnZTzv4LJjLjLVYKwVa0eMBidL9QNnB5bT0aEf0TsrxMPSYZkv/KGRXcKgF8t69dSAUOUzlA5GGKSQyhsVS5IpbR7pCA6EKG2x+TH5LCRuIhQwecDDSZbLN8lAPa71sdSKbM4AydzMFuKCascgAhKAdNnetu2/kd7PGzYwRRhgRPe7XgEurHJBBtMuli+QwA8fW89XVgBizC2KAPnyD6ErdGqBiCZ0mlqgCcveaaDv6zfOTlfkhNCwPGc+GcIIHdgg8kXy3cIgP+w2keLAkSGsQH7Cwsz8Pm3OiztWp8H1LwQT8lmDuNP6+fXiM1U58N2nZBAUhngBJ+lP8vA64snZY5i+Q4AMAHb0Yd34gAx/8UbU0CmCNucxH8FoF1FawFVAjAcwd6UqIFJYub598d4zoeNMgGeQwEH847zn0l3scxRLG8yACNMZCKlAz3+oQeHDZrFoH9BZNYU0hS2oz+nraAKjlI1h3gC8v9M/4BIVeej1EntFp1BqGRdBUwleFLm6O67wQDElzJNc4zhQ4MChMrSuKJNjdzUkVSFRmPAhXpK6aP6wJtUzVxwjU0HK0ncbHKqwDKeDZTUNuDftx5wUTkRG+K8cxV2YSRf0012XvjAgV4a4jISUuVJgssAe17qGsseVgrdpAMktEY80mRuAYqUSacNK2QYACU1AnIXT8vq7Wxe5eg4s2YADLuPdecV6/1u+6egZGBaRItZMOwEeuKN9FphH1CDfU2RNaFFBEhLxyEXODM+HcP8PWQ+Ek/0KwMgIEXANaVmIEK9Ml2dU3HBALTZcEBVb9mE9gnjyHecWTcAPu33+/uK8qb1+OhLdwdoES0aMW4C8o1cWq0eDLHQSNz4dSPXMpST82CrrvgWH7PkgfXETfrAdQc6JMYyVD1zgaNh2AnVULEnwBpXOuDMQ6Sd2IfHZrlBJtZN5QHvR6finnbfzJ1f659Ai2hBax6CQyDeSLgHgnMFzWkNMi4PDE2kIldkPSA2hswZ3eC/WxqAasyfAB7QVzBd/pXVvggzEid7KGza+GzuMbfswMDhDGAKsQVPEnUbuhJyv9U9/PJMeWYF28aPHwAtovnNyfBETEd4+LkIwg//QhxFCEdPB9KHGkWshcZHUD1K7JEtC8B0bcxjxVjanpK4wNGFZU0okSBuohs6BmuDMGVNR+0MdIhbthfnzQ0D4N8ev/j1p+7+rhWkfZ++US2imQ6phFHwfYSES4vDT4APh1Wsz4FgM5HGy77AkZnHRM6TzgqoMijpAUkLYO3HPVaMdZMCtDe0Lkl+RidNZDgLSmgE1llIIm9uXhV81n23a/VxACYtoukOyaRRMJ5ewwA1m0fgVtSIO9uq4+Gcsz9jI413Q+bji8IK5oqxWYEt3jsatc27WA5IWgADAGJ4wGnoy0MTja5aY0qmxTpMIQBtMMvAZth0MzygEuGNF4IpD0gaZQAYI97fGhUgTurXHJ1Qr4ywYiGBz4yV1IGJdQLKFJzErHCZLT4q4S1LekAb9ztB0jawb2ZYNqGGNYqTWsCETIRxNnw/iOA6C6je5tG64QA8OLlPFiF9XhGCG0V3Aeu5Adma2n5AaoEhBXFWo04ZAIIL7CwoiVmBoVFdAg+IICkp7tNCCrw3MmUuN9gAovEKNU6dBfFXhtpcAH58+Wz3uPWQpGF+59EweNbnwIHDRp9a54kRbVLNARnvxoQpMQ7ZDICSdBWJi/DxAF7ZSgiWA+o09Y5xUMMLGQDS1RdJVfG45WAB3REvYTYJgF+6nZP/HEVE9B8xEd3mEtGZUTzYplOcgfGJqnRPUahaObxmTJByIqINi/A3zJnOQdxhS9/QVSRpp1/dtmyoCuaVPCED05ECIK3NigJBmC74Qm4Z0TbLs2Ok2UtxsX/RPIO7ABoehRa/JPwVOSqXRyCZu9CoU9dzgBiDI9pJS18N3nRmLEOMkPCACndf5kUn5aBmYgDazJpkesacKuKW7TJUTMPXgv1ogvL2xJqj+Ci0GBEqIdbkv7QsaXO4qyeQ6eNlFc2EUFFZax5oJYQ7mUZD63IEi2NA8hnpWBg2HMEynIiMse+UByQ6oYjCD1LwkDudv7g9TbBAR60FADIZBH4Q56Phd9hm9c3JODdlOYKLjfqa2gXCl2uldVImYBtIubQ0E3LumgdM6wLe1MbCTzQvKcA5Li8hV+mXCsYYIO0iS18KomiJAMTPBNbT5zq3OhMu/qYH+Pg9l170zb5G7NKS9NArcOxSowGIaJqXyQAvL8n3P5DKxs3ZHp5hCeh+H/oAcTed2csDIHkmcCpDGA+vBc/pZTlJ1IOIJ4de4NKS9LDAsUuNBmD6+rVbnol7xIR3p1L407R4TUNcMfI8oM3ZdLZMD0idCZzNgVEPSCCcbNOIw64esXLohS4t8Zn5+zM1GYCY2mgKS4ALX6QbyZkDIg6xscwcEIFKvjH8bFjioUYEvkHwCLQcOodLy92hrskARGIQ9VqXveIIdOzBDf9TURXMamN8bnPlygBoQ0q+i/Y1sAhieC7BPoeYQYx7RwWXNqqpqBoBQFuMoUtrWByAwssR8YAQZ1vtQVXQTVi9Gq4Ja7gKCF/pcV3XAOoim3HvNrZArmwBmN8DikSoBS7DSxlaZ48mIPCVEBBwlR7VB9yElcC2Q4lQ+dtEsB2+iHHv1fch2hwAxq9zT0SsLhCh5rtmvD2/HpkjZZKYZeqBqZv0gYvrycyMgbEmEs8WDd1jNODLP8q6sQD8gfGl3AsIP8UvxHFs8RCSH62oBiRvIqmirOZmRKiieiqreF2dZvdUZQtAcsS9xfpJKPyUyPl0OJImr80j12XUVQKQSxVdc/dh0Wlh1ofX1DyA3dsCEAKg+BqdtybV5X8LjjFNqt0C3UNLA1DnhoFJWz4Fdlj1bSFOZQtAmIHmLkVJfcD1AYjHW6DVARCVs4D0ZNsCMBcA5Show+WlRdgOH5/vAyjuLUdDlOoAaJeyAEeWugVgSQBO2lLxV9W5Yqv0XGeRQ1hjD3jVPi9ZcG0BWByAuAhVUP55nAw+OrEq3OEjzoDoFY9VaUGIHHAqoQLKlYHYWwCWBCAhQl2g/2XkLm6etJsiKlalBSFumnFEqBK+zqb6IW49oCwPOF3AwMjsgfDhIjKf+SmiYnU8YFafDkAGpj2WC7aZ13byl/B3dyXkVmRWufDjwykUwYNJXBRRsRotSErFh3+SzWOFSyAayW6m+wcKbGjbAtAsHH5ueUXkil9AQQD2sArdZlVAMimwiberXInuZYNCsDADvG5JhJ9Ez4J4Sr9GADBsdMrMxt61pAooSjfwHa3OnrIF4OIRO+Up6MTTASf8oSYBEJ6DkhQ00IYXbQFYzvw9WQFCevoo0wrAbjYAc6x/IDYG2FsAljO/ZBcKRuHiuhviAUfDy3GuKWibWw9YnfknliUNQJuoXFekfls6AOVVQHES4taXAK8jAH/5q9U9fjv/x4OgDd5nBehSvmNNKxGhIiGp3FAASopQYSJ09RzM+gHw272jF+8Pz+YAfN/v94PegEyX8h3rls/ADPPmgFxSuZEAlBShYqoDVCsHs54heN/69xyAx/H4mC7lfPNfyS0A8Cb7KtRvSwagtAg1DQFZCniLdGULwOB6Zh3NAdjqPvm0r1AtUqP+oL3S4aeeyV6F+YUWyLcPizqJATXEAku/To//mP/3+dejrx+eHlBdyqMOyRzzXwwlw49j1zPZqzB/ZAG4E4l2Prw2c7IwNRVf6wzAV4dJydHvPKa6lAvnvzQB66hr87AFPeCPsjQoTYTWUn+sJwD/fvIs/ff3N8BBIZwMKAcBW5+1q8oBd2alJfipDWopvtYWgKevTt5m1Uj7HtClHAbgGOxCIV0CbwAAL9pXOfahYlEA6l19ZwH4qvWy3++fKWcfdx++/HwCdSkHASgpQq07464KgI+mpRgYEz/8pIlE1PKuMMW27iln37qdwwevFaBLOQhAKRGqVueaZ6UA9AqLUAUhoMC25s2kYfKzYCOeCPU2Pl8lPqPP3RQP+APioM4LJIA4DWrUkp9sBAC54Sc7YjlMb2rnHJbmAceSIlRSD05cNTGCGwFATvhJe7unB6PXzTlUlgPSW1lytqIz5M883gJQAoCTzrkg0BAnedfLOVRWBVO9qUdXnXydcNDWA1YJQE4fAB/IretgGlbgAfN2QrChHFDb5oCFANgTBpqacuvlAtAvtAK0gIZqkCBtrQA4aZ2LzIzWrvKtAIA9Mv4Oc3ai40zGLQ9YxPyibcB2fbn1CgGYRwUkXorcroTkN79QhOreBQ/Ya+VaAgmW4dymZ8FrBEChCNXQ10BvtGwA5hKhmubM2QAeYH0AuCD8/L+9M29Pm8eiuKZqOxFjMJsxYLawmARIIOxNTAghTd8u7zJP+/T7f5SxzBKzm2WwMef3BzSxhMnpQbqWL1fvnLj2d1gDbrkZwHtb7re51oCbpp//OHHt76AGtFaKzm35QM4x4D9Lpp+FTc8ctvZ3WAN+s5IF9OOPhQoQ72DAg8SASwLAj18dHfYdOgbcvAT9cbqLtlvygRxiwCWx90ejqqmjw75DGnDj1cfn6X3wcQUIjICHM+D3b4ubEe68Y8xJGvD7t59XlvJOeRAScFE+kDMMuCQJdZpm5OCw74AG/Mk2laL7Y/7z6I58IEcY8C/v4grMO3Jyf8weBrSQhPp5ZDrT0osr8oGcYMBlSaifPpyTAa0koXIDzm/o5IJ8ICcYcNn085WckwGtJKHyKdiFNyPtN+D3JdPP+9/knAxopRSdMSW4MB3DASPgn/SnlSxLNxtQ2FyKzgj1MAL+f2LAq3+f/CXInjHg8lsgn398Gi85f5ytg+2idAzbDXjl6NubxzDgyujvt2nVb9zefekYdhvwryWbAZ/CfY/DGXDldshLFwJcl45h8zv+ez4J9deJ3Pc4mAH/XpkFtFwFt6VjHJeWLHx5NL/j+a8BfwqcyH2PgxnwnxVJqL/+dR4KHJW0txst05DpHc8noZ7k2LeXAVfcAvl9LlHwUenw4pTK0Cz/z332F3SDAb3LboF8+no2ChyTiDeuP5YHpnc8O/2csv92NeBcEur7z2cWhByTAhP1x5IycqNRoPa/VyZ+xS5OmMJuJXr/NCtw9SN2TgrYasBRiW5XkdpODihg6xTMP/8hVtj+U1a4OEKfnbrEth8BQ0d6a0cSLebwIMG4CEkO9wkadokzjnOaXatjOfStHUuBIy/DeKLNmWUYGBAGtHUhGgaEAe0MCn2RI3Q50ml2eWcOfmvHUgAAAAAAAAAbr4lXY9wzkAi59klCMEqMPZfozJ5LMzwmJMaXvBebx+4pvY+t6+Pnp+pY6lP6QqXEzZbncZMCBxDAVuaTs9bIn9Q0LUxIhcajD9J417mgede5GYqvcUPKxeZ3SVFMJtb18d/pp+LKbe7T90Szd3J9u/O4SYH9BbCX+eSsNfI3jKdrqaJ/yGh3tO9mwbzv5jxcysXmUX4zWmQ3q/sQ/1g1i33C7HHr87hKgf0EsJWF5Kw18lNJfkiRFMvqPyT8S3YeXiblYnMP5ceoZ538VFLa+lBjsU+KRbc+j6sU2EsAe5nJjVlPMZ69DUphkfHwot0f773eb6+Xf7H56GRKaY386V6010hGLPa5Tgy2P4+bFNhPgJMxIKcuVUWmmf/Qp/wm+eebj072vE5+jqaPTNb65OXC9udxkwL7CXAyUzAZ/V3HmIAMnivW+pTVFCFHmYIdqsCeAjjhIiQ5tOpX1Tcb7GrbheCatRDcCKwFj5U+13n1ZvHKQNv2IuR0FdhfALuXYWaTs1bTzKXEhN5y5nL/aeUiRD2bZdXssuZ3jVWrA+M+9aYYynVUS33yNKdp2vwqxIbzuEmB/QU4lYXoB8mrvkRHC56D8YKnsHoZNmekh/uXNF+9PjruU+9LXtlfsNRnlIXuIVudx00KHEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA4FQmVZn8e7QwkKtQAHbaHk3TqlR/4CUhAhtbTIi4SH4oYDc89SzE0kHBY3xvoirz3ymC0pppEX5QhWRN/yGYb2YGpPcsBD08eU0cCGq5ToJ8iIACcNPO8svxVGEqf1eKp+IZj7lFoZJNVb2iLj8d3kRD3uZNWtXlz9Lqjdjwk5jq0zQoADftLD+fP6byq/yDXuqYWxjcNXX5eaNhUn941eW/51+qeGSRk56AoIAD5H80yR9mAqVUkMwtAqVkhnpfdPm54AkekPd0+ZO8JWVRFxjwnBVwgPzZifwVmWisluKYW1QytWzqLqHLX+by8/+DuC6/UjZaumEEPGcFHCJ/S7om5J5PQL6FFlzwD8pE/rcJ6GncRqlAAXhpT/mjrJJqZXgILlRvsp6quUVTFaNtOpE/5R3yEPyCZIV89qan/6qfKIShANy0l/ykpVJ/iS9C1BpCZhA3t4glqPTqn8hvLEK09MibXPYpbZQIERsCgwJw0zEpqVAALrCJ1mWqRl+hAJxgE01JUHwBKAAnAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGAfxIQqSJ3mqqM+YxNI+W7xUN2X408etmID1rkDRR+0Bov02FM6l26uqhpQGblomQHDzLBUWIxYMmAepTDAEgbPxve1P+xswJXAgMACyWlh0Xamzp+CSUJYvqYIjR4hPqPifE43YLEhKEYRXK2temVfgITGxehHPis+UUEpTSfujiANu/xAui8JylB/Yb/RPERaA4kmKyhSACa2Y2VxZIcs6xJe86ylG1DupItBb4oUyiwuihdEVpO14guvS6qpcve2JPhJpMjaopgaGbDLgrXbVn78mlGaTPf6Mj9QqhZz3ecgIakXJor6bN1sFXPVjB/Cg/FEOmDM2ynxwc8op5yn+j+ZdKFbjZXepmBBf4pk8vx4yJiZo5MpmBuwTgfXptd8EDRCAsp4Cr4OPPJqam9T8IdAzYv97cGEy8pLhslhXsP2kVxQXk+PPfADUv7NgMZE3dEjQTUR0OHjpMmARVYzv6KU4I8+3jX1IPGpNz01YDaR4b8QoTt4I9BkQ31kkh9Ild1wAxqTqeyfuwgJ6lOpd7wTkc9swJpRNHyKl5dkJi0+NKrP3cfLOPNMDBiiX2qPly2Wg+jAxAXjDqt4NeWJrDeg1L80KFgaAXuG027fDFg1Xq8LA4Ixo+1aRMYHrRgNsvisAat6sDdjwLYam5p2uDEG7Blz7Qs3YJPVDQPqh647MCCYLMPctXK3FYkaRZfzTP4wa8Acy4uXFyYDarLSui227gr6caV4GZpcBT+lc93xVfB1VOBXwap+IJxpxHsPCjegh/nEy0hUCBbjfQUGBGPS9wr1yvfGOKfbbbR7wZsByVAdrQNODEjC5Wdv5surPpzdNoS3dcAgpcnp1gdv64Bih0rtLDdgpC3xdcBeQ1CHRRgQLKMpYO8CYBuiRyhDBWAbjL7UoQIAAIAj8D+NsTcvazVtXAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

## Real-world data set

In a similar manner, the Ames housing data set is used to show the impact of
transforming the targets before learning a model. In this example, the target
to be predicted is the selling price of each house.

    
    from sklearn.datasets import fetch_openml
    from sklearn.preprocessing import QuantileTransformer, quantile_transform
    
    ames = fetch_openml(name="house_prices", as_frame=True)
    # Keep only numeric columns
    X = ames.data.select_dtypes(np.number)
    # Remove columns with NaN or Inf values
    X = X.drop(columns=['LotFrontage', 'GarageYrBlt', 'MasVnrArea'])
    y = ames.target
    y_trans = quantile_transform(y.to_frame(),
                                 n_quantiles=900,
                                 output_distribution='normal',
                                 copy=True).squeeze()
    
A `QuantileTransformer` is used to normalize the target distribution before
applying a `RidgeCV` model.

    
    f, (ax0, ax1) = plt.subplots(1, 2)
    
    ax0.hist(y, bins=100, **density_param)
    ax0.set_ylabel('Probability')
    ax0.set_xlabel('Target')
    ax0.text(s='Target distribution', x=1.2e5, y=9.8e-6, fontsize=12)
    ax0.ticklabel_format(axis="both", style="sci", scilimits=(0, 0))
    
    ax1.hist(y_trans, bins=100, **density_param)
    ax1.set_ylabel('Probability')
    ax1.set_xlabel('Target')
    ax1.text(s='Transformed target distribution', x=-6.8, y=0.479, fontsize=12)
    
    f.suptitle("Ames housing data: selling price", y=0.04)
    f.tight_layout(rect=[0.05, 0.05, 0.95, 0.95])
    
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, random_state=1)
    
![Ames housing data: selling
price](data:image/png;base64,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)

The effect of the transformer is weaker than on the synthetic data. However,
the transformation results in an increase in \\(R^2\\) and large decrease of
the MAE. The residual plot (predicted target - true target vs predicted
target) without target transformation takes on a curved, ‘reverse smile’ shape
due to residual values that vary depending on the value of predicted target.
With target transformation, the shape is more linear indicating better model
fit.

    
    f, (ax0, ax1) = plt.subplots(2, 2, sharey='row', figsize=(6.5, 8))
    
    regr = RidgeCV()
    regr.fit(X_train, y_train)
    y_pred = regr.predict(X_test)
    
    ax0[0].scatter(y_pred, y_test, s=8)
    ax0[0].plot([0, 7e5], [0, 7e5], '--k')
    ax0[0].set_ylabel('True target')
    ax0[0].set_xlabel('Predicted target')
    ax0[0].text(s='Ridge regression \n without target transformation', x=-5e4,
                y=8e5, fontsize=12, multialignment='center')
    ax0[0].text(3e4, 64e4, r'$R^2$=%.2f, MAE=%.2f' % (
        r2_score(y_test, y_pred), median_absolute_error(y_test, y_pred)))
    ax0[0].set_xlim([0, 7e5])
    ax0[0].set_ylim([0, 7e5])
    ax0[0].ticklabel_format(axis="both", style="sci", scilimits=(0, 0))
    
    ax1[0].scatter(y_pred, (y_pred - y_test), s=8)
    ax1[0].set_ylabel('Residual')
    ax1[0].set_xlabel('Predicted target')
    ax1[0].ticklabel_format(axis="both", style="sci", scilimits=(0, 0))
    
    regr_trans = TransformedTargetRegressor(
        regressor=RidgeCV(),
        transformer=QuantileTransformer(n_quantiles=900,
                                        output_distribution='normal'))
    regr_trans.fit(X_train, y_train)
    y_pred = regr_trans.predict(X_test)
    
    ax0[1].scatter(y_pred, y_test, s=8)
    ax0[1].plot([0, 7e5], [0, 7e5], '--k')
    ax0[1].set_ylabel('True target')
    ax0[1].set_xlabel('Predicted target')
    ax0[1].text(s='Ridge regression \n with target transformation', x=-5e4,
                y=8e5, fontsize=12, multialignment='center')
    ax0[1].text(3e4, 64e4, r'$R^2$=%.2f, MAE=%.2f' % (
        r2_score(y_test, y_pred), median_absolute_error(y_test, y_pred)))
    ax0[1].set_xlim([0, 7e5])
    ax0[1].set_ylim([0, 7e5])
    ax0[1].ticklabel_format(axis="both", style="sci", scilimits=(0, 0))
    
    ax1[1].scatter(y_pred, (y_pred - y_test), s=8)
    ax1[1].set_ylabel('Residual')
    ax1[1].set_xlabel('Predicted target')
    ax1[1].ticklabel_format(axis="both", style="sci", scilimits=(0, 0))
    
    f.suptitle("Ames housing data: selling price", y=0.035)
    
    plt.show()
    
![Ames housing data: selling
price](data:image/png;base64,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)

Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 2.315 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_transformed_target.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_transformed_target.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/compose/plot_transformed_target.html

