# torch.fx

## Overview

This feature is under a Beta release and its API may change.

FX is a toolkit for developers to use to transform `nn.Module` instances. FX
consists of three main components: a symbolic tracer, an intermediate
representation, and Python code generation. A demonstration of these
components in action:

    
    import torch
    # Simple module for demonstration
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.param = torch.nn.Parameter(torch.rand(3, 4))
            self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(4, 5)
    
        def forward(self, x):
            return self.linear(x + self.param).clamp(min=0.0, max=1.0)
    
    module = MyModule()
    
    from torch.fx import symbolic_trace
    # Symbolic tracing frontend - captures the semantics of the module
    symbolic_traced : torch.fx.GraphModule = symbolic_trace(module)
    
    # High-level intermediate representation (IR) - Graph representation
    print(symbolic_traced.graph)
    """
    graph(x):
        %param : [#users=1] = self.param
        %add_1 : [#users=1] = call_function[target=<built-in function add>](args = (%x, %param), kwargs = {})
        %linear_1 : [#users=1] = call_module[target=linear](args = (%add_1,), kwargs = {})
        %clamp_1 : [#users=1] = call_method[target=clamp](args = (%linear_1,), kwargs = {min: 0.0, max: 1.0})
        return clamp_1
    """
    
    # Code generation - valid Python code
    print(symbolic_traced.code)
    """
    def forward(self, x):
        param = self.param
        add_1 = x + param;  x = param = None
        linear_1 = self.linear(add_1);  add_1 = None
        clamp_1 = linear_1.clamp(min = 0.0, max = 1.0);  linear_1 = None
        return clamp_1
    """
    
The symbolic tracer performs “symbolic execution” of the Python code. It feeds
fake values, called Proxies, through the code. Operations on theses Proxies
are recorded. More information about symbolic tracing can be found in the
`symbolic_trace()` and `Tracer` documentation.

The intermediate representation is the container for the operations that were
recorded during symbolic tracing. It consists of a list of Nodes that
represent function inputs, callsites (to functions, methods, or
`torch.nn.Module` instances), and return values. More information about the IR
can be found in the documentation for `Graph`. The IR is the format on which
transformations are applied.

Python code generation is what makes FX a Python-to-Python (or Module-to-
Module) transformation toolkit. For each Graph IR, we can create valid Python
code matching the Graph’s semantics. This functionality is wrapped up in
`GraphModule`, which is a `torch.nn.Module` instance that holds a `Graph` as
well as a `forward` method generated from the Graph.

Taken together, this pipeline of components (symbolic tracing → intermediate
representation → transforms → Python code generation) constitutes the Python-
to-Python transformation pipeline of FX. In addition, these components can be
used separately. For example, symbolic tracing can be used in isolation to
capture a form of the code for analysis (and not transformation) purposes.
Code generation can be used for programmatically generating models, for
example from a config file. There are many uses for FX!

Several example transformations can be found at the examples repository.

## Writing Transformations

What is an FX transform? Essentially, it’s a function that looks like this.

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    
    def transform(m: nn.Module,
                  tracer_class : type = torch.fx.Tracer) -> torch.nn.Module:
        # Step 1: Acquire a Graph representing the code in `m`
    
        # NOTE: torch.fx.symbolic_trace is a wrapper around a call to
        # fx.Tracer.trace and constructing a GraphModule. We'll
        # split that out in our transform to allow the caller to
        # customize tracing behavior.
        graph : torch.fx.Graph = tracer_class().trace(m)
    
        # Step 2: Modify this Graph or create a new one
        graph = ...
    
        # Step 3: Construct a Module to return
        return torch.fx.GraphModule(m, graph)
    
Your transform will take in an `torch.nn.Module`, acquire a `Graph` from it,
do some modifications, and return a new `torch.nn.Module`. You should think of
the `torch.nn.Module` that your FX transform returns as identical to a regular
`torch.nn.Module` – you can pass it to another FX transform, you can pass it
to TorchScript, or you can run it. Ensuring that the inputs and outputs of
your FX transform are a `torch.nn.Module` will allow for composability.

Note

It is also possible to modify an existing `GraphModule` instead of creating a
new one, like so:

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    
    def transform(m : nn.Module) -> nn.Module):
        gm : torch.fx.GraphModule = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(m)
    
        # Modify gm.graph
        # <...>
    
        # Recompile the forward() method of `gm` from its Graph
        gm.recompile()
    
        return gm
    
Note that you MUST call `GraphModule.recompile()` to bring the generated
`forward()` method on the `GraphModule` in sync with the modified `Graph`.

Given that you’ve passed in a `torch.nn.Module` that has been traced into a
`Graph`, there are now two primary approaches you can take to building a new
`Graph`.

### A Quick Primer on Graphs

Full treatment of the semantics of graphs can be found in the `Graph`
documentation, but we are going to cover the basics here. A `Graph` is a data
structure that represents a method on a `GraphModule`. The information that
this requires is:

  * What are the inputs to the method?
  * What are the operations that run inside the method?
  * What is the output (i.e. return) value from the method?

All three of these concepts are represented with `Node` instances. Let’s see
what we mean by that with a short example:

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.param = torch.nn.Parameter(torch.rand(3, 4))
            self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(4, 5)
    
        def forward(self, x):
            return torch.topk(torch.sum(
                self.linear(x + self.linear.weight).relu(), dim=-1), 3)
    
    m = MyModule()
    gm = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(m)
    
    gm.graph.print_tabular()
    
Here we define a module `MyModule` for demonstration purposes, instantiate it,
symbolically trace it, then call the `Graph.print_tabular()` method to print
out a table showing the nodes of this `Graph`:

opcode | name | target | args | kwargs  
---|---|---|---|---  
placeholder | x | x | () | {}  
get_attr | linear_weight | linear.weight | () | {}  
call_function | add_1 | <built-in function add> | (x, linear_weight) | {}  
call_module | linear_1 | linear | (add_1,) | {}  
call_method | relu_1 | relu | (linear_1,) | {}  
call_function | sum_1 | <built-in method sum …> | (relu_1,) | {‘dim’: -1}  
call_function | topk_1 | <built-in method topk …> | (sum_1, 3) | {}  
output | output | output | (topk_1,) | {}  
We can use this information to answer the questions we posed above.

  * What are the inputs to the method? In FX, method inputs are specified via special `placeholder` nodes. In this case, we have a single `placeholder` node with a `target` of `x`, meaning we have a single (non-self) argument named x.
  * What are the operations within the method? The `get_attr`, `call_function`, `call_module`, and `call_method` nodes represent the operations in the method. A full treatment of the semantics of all of these can be found in the `Node` documentation.
  * What is the return value of the method? The return value in a `Graph` is specified by a special `output` node.

Given that we now know the basics of how code is represented in FX, we can now
explore how we would edit a `Graph`.

### Graph Manipulation

#### Direct Graph Manipulation

One approach to building this new `Graph` is to directly manipulate your old
one. To aid in this, we can simply take the `Graph` we obtain from symbolic
tracing and modify it. For example, let’s say we desire to replace
`torch.add()` calls with `torch.mul()` calls.

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    
    # Sample module
    class M(torch.nn.Module):
        def forward(self, x, y):
            return torch.add(x, y)
    
    def transform(m: torch.nn.Module,
                  tracer_class : type = fx.Tracer) -> torch.nn.Module:
        graph : fx.Graph = tracer_class().trace(m)
        # FX represents its Graph as an ordered list of
        # nodes, so we can iterate through them.
        for node in graph.nodes:
            # Checks if we're calling a function (i.e:
            # torch.add)
            if node.op == 'call_function':
                # The target attribute is the function
                # that call_function calls.
                if node.target == torch.add:
                    node.target = torch.mul
    
        graph.lint() # Does some checks to make sure the
                     # Graph is well-formed.
    
        return fx.GraphModule(m, graph)
    
We can also do more involved `Graph` rewrites, such as deleting or appending
nodes. To aid in these transformations, FX has utility functions for
transforming the graph that can be found in the `Graph` documentation. An
example of using these APIs to append a `torch.relu()` call can be found
below.

    
    # Specifies the insertion point. Any nodes added to the
    # Graph within this scope will be inserted after `node`
    with traced.graph.inserting_after(node):
        # Insert a new `call_function` node calling `torch.relu`
        new_node = traced.graph.call_function(
            torch.relu, args=(node,))
    
        # We want all places that used the value of `node` to
        # now use that value after the `relu` call we've added.
        # We use the `replace_all_uses_with` API to do this.
        node.replace_all_uses_with(new_node)
    
For simple transformations that only consist of substitutions, you can also
make use of the subgraph rewriter.

#### Subgraph Rewriting With replace_pattern()

FX also provides another level of automation on top of direct graph
manipulation. The `replace_pattern()` API is essentially a “find/replace” tool
for editing `Graph`s. It allows you to specify a `pattern` and `replacement`
function and it will trace through those functions, find instances of the
group of operations in the `pattern` graph, and replace those instances with
copies of the `replacement` graph. This can help to greatly automate tedious
graph manipulation code, which can get unwieldy as the transformations get
more complex.

#### Graph Manipulation Examples

  * Replace one op
  * Conv/Batch Norm fusion
  * replace_pattern: Basic usage
  * Quantization
  * Invert Transformation

### Proxy/Retracing

Another way of manipulating `Graph`s is by reusing the `Proxy` machinery used
in symbolic tracing. For example, let’s imagine that we wanted to write a
transformation that decomposed PyTorch functions into smaller operations. It
would transform every `F.relu(x)` call into `(x > 0) * x`. One possibility
would be to perform the requisite graph rewriting to insert the comparison and
multiplication after the `F.relu`, and then clean up the original `F.relu`.
However, we can automate this process by using `Proxy` objects to
automatically record operations into the `Graph`.

To use this method, we write the operations that we want inserted as regular
PyTorch code and invoke that code with `Proxy` objects as arugments. These
`Proxy` objects will capture the operations that are performed on them and
append them to the `Graph`.

    
    # Note that this decomposition rule can be read as regular Python
    def relu_decomposition(x):
        return (x > 0) * x
    
    decomposition_rules = {}
    decomposition_rules[F.relu] = relu_decomposition
    
    def decompose(model: torch.nn.Module,
                  tracer_class : type = fx.Tracer) -> torch.nn.Module:
        """
        Decompose `model` into smaller constituent operations.
        Currently,this only supports decomposing ReLU into its
        mathematical definition: (x > 0) * x
        """
        graph : fx.Graph = tracer_class().trace(model)
        new_graph = fx.Graph()
        env = {}
        for node in graph.nodes:
            if node.op == 'call_function' and node.target in decomposition_rules:
                # By wrapping the arguments with proxies,
                # we can dispatch to the appropriate
                # decomposition rule and implicitly add it
                # to the Graph by symbolically tracing it.
                proxy_args = [
                    fx.Proxy(env[x.name]) if isinstance(x, fx.Node) else x for x in node.args]
                output_proxy = decomposition_rules[node.target](*proxy_args)
    
                # Operations on `Proxy` always yield new `Proxy`s, and the
                # return value of our decomposition rule is no exception.
                # We need to extract the underlying `Node` from the `Proxy`
                # to use it in subsequent iterations of this transform.
                new_node = output_proxy.node
                env[node.name] = new_node
            else:
                # Default case: we don't have a decomposition rule for this
                # node, so just copy the node over into the new graph.
                new_node = new_graph.node_copy(node, lambda x: env[x.name])
                env[node.name] = new_node
        return fx.GraphModule(model, new_graph)
    
In addition to avoiding explicit graph manipulation, using `Proxy`s also
allows you to specify your rewrite rules as native Python code. For
transformations that require a large amount of rewrite rules (such as vmap or
grad), this can often improve readability and maintainability of the rules.

A worked example of using `Proxy`s for `Graph` manipulation can be found here.

### The Interpreter Pattern

A useful code organizational pattern in FX is to loop over all the `Node`s in
a `Graph` and execute them. This can be used for several things including
runtime analysis of values flowing through the graph or transformation of the
code via retracing with `Proxy`s. For example, suppose we want to run a
`GraphModule` and record the `torch.Tensor` shape and dtype properties on the
nodes as we see them at runtime. That might look like:

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    from torch.fx.node import Node
    
    from typing import Dict
    
    class ShapeProp:
        """
        Shape propagation. This class takes a `GraphModule`.
        Then, its `propagate` method executes the `GraphModule`
        node-by-node with the given arguments. As each operation
        executes, the ShapeProp class stores away the shape and
        element type for the output values of each operation on
        the `shape` and `dtype` attributes of the operation's
        `Node`.
        """
        def __init__(self, mod):
            self.mod = mod
            self.graph = mod.graph
            self.modules = dict(self.mod.named_modules())
    
        def propagate(self, *args):
            args_iter = iter(args)
            env : Dict[str, Node] = {}
    
            def load_arg(a):
                return torch.fx.graph.map_arg(a, lambda n: env[n.name])
    
            def fetch_attr(target : str):
                target_atoms = target.split('.')
                attr_itr = self.mod
                for i, atom in enumerate(target_atoms):
                    if not hasattr(attr_itr, atom):
                        raise RuntimeError(f"Node referenced nonexistant target {'.'.join(target_atoms[:i])}")
                    attr_itr = getattr(attr_itr, atom)
                return attr_itr
    
            for node in self.graph.nodes:
                if node.op == 'placeholder':
                    result = next(args_iter)
                elif node.op == 'get_attr':
                    result = fetch_attr(node.target)
                elif node.op == 'call_function':
                    result = node.target(*load_arg(node.args), **load_arg(node.kwargs))
                elif node.op == 'call_method':
                    self_obj, *args = load_arg(node.args)
                    kwargs = load_arg(node.kwargs)
                    result = getattr(self_obj, node.target)(*args, **kwargs)
                elif node.op == 'call_module':
                    result = self.modules[node.target](*load_arg(node.args), **load_arg(node.kwargs))
    
                # This is the only code specific to shape propagation.
                # you can delete this `if` branch and this becomes
                # a generic GraphModule interpreter.
                if isinstance(result, torch.Tensor):
                    node.shape = result.shape
                    node.dtype = result.dtype
    
                env[node.name] = result
    
            return load_arg(self.graph.result)
    
As you can see, a full interpreter for FX is not that complicated but it can
be very useful. To ease using this pattern, we provide the `Interpreter`
class, which encompasses the above logic in a way that certain aspects of the
interpreter’s execution can be overridden via method overrides.

In addition to executing operations, we can also generate a new `Graph` by
feeding `Proxy` values through an interpreter. Similarly, we provide the
`Transformer` class to encompass this pattern. `Transformer` behaves similarly
to `Interpreter`, but instead of calling the `run` method to get a concrete
output value from the Module, you would call the `Transformer.transform()`
method to return a new `GraphModule` which was subject to any transformation
rules you installed as overridden methods.

#### Examples of the Interpreter Pattern

  * Shape Propagation
  * Performance Profiler

## Debugging

### Introduction

Often in the course of authoring transformations, our code will not be quite
right. In this case, we may need to do some debugging. The key is to work
backwards: first, check the results of invoking the generated module to prove
or disprove correctness. Then, inspect and debug the generated code. Then,
debug the process of transformations that led to the generated code.

If you’re not familiar with debuggers, please see the auxiliary section
Available Debuggers.

### Checking Correctness of Modules

Because the output of most deep learning modules consists of floating point
`torch.Tensor` instances, checking for equivalence between the results of two
`torch.nn.Module` is not as straightforward as doing a simple equality check.
To motivate this, let’s use an example:

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    import torchvision.models as models
    
    def transform(m : torch.nn.Module) -> torch.nn.Module:
        gm = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(m)
    
        # Imagine we're doing some transforms here
        # <...>
    
        gm.recompile()
    
        return gm
    
    resnet18 = models.resnet18()
    transformed_resnet18 = transform(resnet18)
    
    input_image = torch.randn(5, 3, 224, 224)
    
    assert resnet18(input_image) == transformed_resnet18(input_image)
    """
    RuntimeError: Boolean value of Tensor with more than one value is ambiguous
    """
    
Here, we’ve tried to check equality of the values of two deep learning models
with the `==` equality operator. However, this is not well- defined both due
to the issue of that operator returning a tensor and not a bool, but also
because comparison of floating point values should use a margin of error (or
epsilon) to account for the non-commutativity of floating point operations
(see here for more details). We can use `torch.allclose()` instead, which will
give us an approximate comparison taking into account a relative and absolute
tolerance threshold:

    
    assert torch.allclose(resnet18(input_image), transformed_resnet18(input_image))
    
This is the first tool in our toolbox to check if transformed modules are
behaving as we expect compared to a reference implementation.

### Debugging the Generated Code

Because FX generates the `forward()` function on `GraphModule`s, using
traditional debugging techniques like `print` statements or `pdb` is not as
straightfoward. Luckily, we have several techniques we can use for debugging
the generated code.

#### Use `pdb`

Invoke `pdb` to step into the running program. Although the code that
represents the `Graph` is not in any source file, we can still step into it
manually using `pdb` when the forward pass is invoked.

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    import torchvision.models as models
    
    def my_pass(inp: torch.nn.Module, tracer_class : type = fx.Tracer) -> torch.nn.Module:
        graph = tracer_class().trace(inp)
        # Transformation logic here
        # <...>
    
        # Return new Module
        return fx.GraphModule(inp, graph)
    
    my_module = models.resnet18()
    my_module_transformed = my_pass(my_module)
    
    input_value = torch.randn(5, 3, 224, 224)
    
    # When this line is executed at runtime, we will be dropped into an
    # interactive `pdb` prompt. We can use the `step` or `s` command to
    # step into the execution of the next line
    import pdb; pdb.set_trace()
    
    my_module_transformed(input_value)
    
#### Print the Generated Code

If you’d like to run the same code multiple times, then it can be a bit
tedious to step to the right code with `pdb`. In that case, one approach is to
simply copy-paste the generated `forward` pass into your code and examine it
from there.

    
    # Assume that `traced` is a GraphModule that has undergone some
    # number of transforms
    
    # Copy this code for later
    print(traced)
    # Print the code generated from symbolic tracing. This outputs:
    """
    def forward(self, y):
        x = self.x
        add_1 = x + y;  x = y = None
        return add_1
    """
    
    # Subclass the original Module
    class SubclassM(M):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
    
        # Paste the generated `forward` function (the one we printed and
        # copied above) here
        def forward(self, y):
            x = self.x
            add_1 = x + y;  x = y = None
            return add_1
    
    # Create an instance of the original, untraced Module. Then, create an
    # instance of the Module with the copied `forward` function. We can
    # now compare the output of both the original and the traced version.
    pre_trace = M()
    post_trace = SubclassM()
    
#### Use the `to_folder` Function From `GraphModule`

`GraphModule.to_folder()` is a method in `GraphModule` that allows you to dump
out the generated FX code to a folder. Although copying the forward pass into
the code often suffices as in Print the Generated Code, it may be easier to
examine modules and parameters using `to_folder`.

    
    m = symbolic_trace(M())
    m.to_folder("foo", "Bar")
    from foo import Bar
    y = Bar()
    
After running the above example, we can then look at the code within
`foo/module.py` and modify it as desired (e.g. adding `print` statements or
using `pdb`) to debug the generated code.

### Debugging the Transformation

Now that we’ve identified that a transformation is creating incorrect code,
it’s time to debug the transformation itself. First, we’ll check the
Limitations of Symbolic Tracing section in the documentation. Once we verify
that tracing is working as expected, the goal becomes figuring out what went
wrong during our `GraphModule` transformation. There may be a quick answer in
Writing Transformations, but, if not, there are several ways to examine our
traced module:

    
    # Sample Module
    class M(torch.nn.Module):
        def forward(self, x, y):
            return x + y
    
    # Create an instance of `M`
    m = M()
    
    # Symbolically trace an instance of `M` (returns a GraphModule). In
    # this example, we'll only be discussing how to inspect a
    # GraphModule, so we aren't showing any sample transforms for the
    # sake of brevity.
    traced = symbolic_trace(m)
    
    # Print the code produced by tracing the module.
    print(traced)
    # The generated `forward` function is:
    """
    def forward(self, x, y):
        add_1 = x + y;  x = y = None
        return add_1
    """
    
    # Print the internal Graph.
    print(traced.graph)
    # This print-out returns:
    """
    graph(x, y):
        %add_1 : [#users=1] = call_function[target=<built-in function add>](args = (%x, %y), kwargs = {})
        return add_1
    """
    
    # Print a tabular representation of the internal Graph.
    traced.graph.print_tabular()
    # This gives us:
    """
    opcode         name    target                   args      kwargs
    -------------  ------  -----------------------  --------  --------
    placeholder    x       x                        ()        {}
    placeholder    y       y                        ()        {}
    call_function  add_1   <built-in function add>  (x, y)    {}
    """
    
Using the utility functions above, we can compare our traced Module before and
after we’ve applied our transformations. Sometimes, a simple visual comparison
is enough to trace down a bug. If it’s still not clear what’s going wrong, a
debugger like `pdb` can be a good next step.

Going off of the example above, consider the following code:

    
    # Sample user-defined function
    def transform_graph(module: torch.nn.Module, tracer_class : type = fx.Tracer) -> torch.nn.Module:
        # Get the Graph from our traced Module
        g = tracer_class().trace(module)
    
        """
        Transformations on `g` go here
        """
    
        return fx.GraphModule(module, g)
    
    # Transform the Graph
    transformed = transform_graph(traced)
    
    # Print the new code after our transforms. Check to see if it was
    # what we expected
    print(transformed)
    
Using the above example, let’s say that the call to `print(traced)` showed us
that there was an error in our transforms. We want to find what goes wrong
using a debugger. We start a `pdb` session. We can see what’s happening during
the transform by breaking on `transform_graph(traced)`, then pressing `s` to
“step into” the call to `transform_graph(traced)`.

We may also have good luck by editing the `print_tabular` method to print
different attributes of the Nodes in the Graph. (For example, we might want to
see the Node’s `input_nodes` and `users`.)

### Available Debuggers

The most common Python debugger is pdb. You can start your program in “debug
mode” with `pdb` by typing `python -m pdb FILENAME.py` into the command line,
where `FILENAME` is the name of the file you want to debug. After that, you
can use the `pdb` debugger commands to move through your running program
stepwise. It’s common to set a breakpoint (`b LINE-NUMBER`) when you start
`pdb`, then call `c` to run the program until that point. This prevents you
from having to step through each line of execution (using `s` or `n`) to get
to the part of the code you want to examine. Alternatively, you can write
`import pdb; pdb.set_trace()` before the line you want to break at. If you add
`pdb.set_trace()`, your program will automatically start in debug mode when
you run it. (In other words, you can just type `python FILENAME.py` into the
command line instead of `python -m pdb FILENAME.py`.) Once you’re running your
file in debug mode, you can step through the code and examine your program’s
internal state using certain commands. There are many excellent tutorials on
`pdb` online, including RealPython’s “Python Debugging With Pdb”.

IDEs like PyCharm or VSCode usually have a debugger built in. In your IDE, you
can choose to either a) use `pdb` by pulling up a terminal window in your IDE
(e.g. View → Terminal in VSCode), or b) use the built-in debugger (usually a
graphical wrapper around `pdb`).

## Limitations of Symbolic Tracing

FX uses a system of symbolic tracing (a.k.a symbolic execution) to capture the
semantics of programs in a transformable/analyzable form. The system is
tracing in that it executes the program (really a `torch.nn.Module` or
function) to record operations. It is symbolic in that the data flowing
through the program during this execution is not real data, but rather symbols
(`Proxy` in FX parlance).

Although symbolic tracing works for most neural net code, it has some
limitations.

### Dynamic Control Flow

The main limitation of symbolic tracing is it does not currently support
dynamic control flow. That is, loops or `if` statements where the condition
may depend on the input values of the program.

For example, let’s examine the following program:

    
    def func_to_trace(x):
        dim0 = x.size[0]
        if dim0 == 3:
            return torch.relu(x)
        else:
            return torch.neg(x)
    
    traced = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(func_to_trace)
    """
      <...>
      File "dyn.py", line 6, in func_to_trace
        if dim0 == 3:
      File "pytorch/torch/fx/proxy.py", line 155, in __bool__
        return self.tracer.to_bool(self)
      File "pytorch/torch/fx/proxy.py", line 85, in to_bool
        raise TraceError('symbolically traced variables cannot be used as inputs to control flow')
    torch.fx.proxy.TraceError: symbolically traced variables cannot be used as inputs to control flow
    """
    
The condition to the `if` statement relies on the value of `dim0`, which
eventually relies on the value of `x`, a function input. Since `x` can change
(i.e. if you pass a new input tensor to the traced function), this is dynamic
control flow. The traceback walks back up through your code to show you where
this situation happens.

#### Static Control Flow

On the other hand, so-called static control flow is supported. Static control
flow is loops or `if` statements whose value cannot change across invocations.
Typically, in PyTorch programs, this control flow arises for code making
decisions about a model’s architecture based on hyper-parameters. As a
concrete example:

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self, do_activation : bool = False):
            super().__init__()
            self.do_activation = do_activation
            self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(512, 512)
    
        def forward(self, x):
            x = self.linear(x)
            # This if-statement is so-called static control flow.
            # Its condition does not depend on any input values
            if self.do_activation:
                x = torch.relu(x)
            return x
    
    without_activation = MyModule(do_activation=False)
    with_activation = MyModule(do_activation=True)
    
    traced_without_activation = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(without_activation)
    print(traced_without_activation.code)
    """
    def forward(self, x):
        linear_1 = self.linear(x);  x = None
        return linear_1
    """
    
    traced_with_activation = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(with_activation)
    print(traced_with_activation.code)
    """
    import torch
    def forward(self, x):
        linear_1 = self.linear(x);  x = None
        relu_1 = torch.relu(linear_1);  linear_1 = None
        return relu_1
    """
    
The if-statement `if self.do_activation` does not depend on any function
inputs, thus it is static. `do_activation` can be considered to be a hyper-
parameter, and the traces of different instances of `MyModule` with different
values for that parameter have different code. This is a valid pattern that is
supported by symbolic tracing.

Many instances of dynamic control flow are semantically static control flow.
These instances can be made to support symbolic tracing by removing the data
dependencies on input values, for example by moving values to `Module`
attributes or by passing constant values during symbolic tracing:

    
    def f(x, flag):
        if flag: return x
        else: return x*2
    
    fx.symbolic_trace(f) # Fails!
    
    def wrapper(flag):
        return lambda x: f(x, flag)
    
    new_f = wrapper(flag=True)
    fx.symbolic_trace(new_f)
    
In the case of truly dynamic control flow, the sections of the program that
contain this code can be traced as calls to the Method (see Customizing
Tracing with the Tracer class) or function (see `wrap()`) rather than tracing
through them.

### Non-`torch` Functions

FX uses `__torch_function__` as the mechanism by which it intercepts calls
(see the technical overview for more information about this). Some functions,
such as builtin Python functions or those in the `math` module, are things
that are not covered by `__torch_function__`, but we would still like to
capture them in symbolic tracing. For example:

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    from math import sqrt
    
    def normalize(x):
        """
        Normalize `x` by the size of the batch dimension
        """
        return x / sqrt(len(x))
    
    # It's valid Python code
    normalize(torch.rand(3, 4))
    
    traced = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(normalize)
    """
      <...>
      File "sqrt.py", line 9, in normalize
        return x / sqrt(len(x))
      File "pytorch/torch/fx/proxy.py", line 161, in __len__
        raise RuntimeError("'len' is not supported in symbolic tracing by default. If you want "
    RuntimeError: 'len' is not supported in symbolic tracing by default. If you want this call to be recorded, please call torch.fx.wrap('len') at module scope
    """
    
The error tells us that the built-in function `len` is not supported. We can
make it so that functions like this are recorded in the trace as direct calls
using the `wrap()` API:

    
    torch.fx.wrap('len')
    torch.fx.wrap('sqrt')
    
    traced = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(normalize)
    
    print(traced.code)
    """
    import math
    def forward(self, x):
        len_1 = len(x)
        sqrt_1 = math.sqrt(len_1);  len_1 = None
        truediv = x / sqrt_1;  x = sqrt_1 = None
        return truediv
    """
    
### Customizing Tracing with the `Tracer` class

The `Tracer` class is the class that underlies the implementation of
`symbolic_trace`. The behavior of tracing can be customized by subclassing
Tracer, like so:

    
    class MyCustomTracer(torch.fx.Tracer):
        # Inside here you can override various methods
        # to customize tracing. See the `Tracer` API
        # reference
        pass
    
    
    # Let's use this custom tracer to trace through this module
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def forward(self, x):
            return torch.relu(x) + torch.ones(3, 4)
    
    mod = MyModule()
    
    traced_graph = MyCustomTracer().trace(mod)
    # trace() returns a Graph. Let's wrap it up in a
    # GraphModule to make it runnable
    traced = torch.fx.GraphModule(mod, traced_graph)
    
#### Leaf Modules

Leaf Modules are the modules that appear as calls in the symbolic trace rather
than being traced through. The default set of leaf modules is the set of
standard `torch.nn` module instances. For example:

    
    class MySpecialSubmodule(torch.nn.Module):
        def forward(self, x):
            return torch.neg(x)
    
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(3, 4)
            self.submod = MySpecialSubmodule()
    
        def forward(self, x):
            return self.submod(self.linear(x))
    
    traced = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(MyModule())
    print(traced.code)
    # `linear` is preserved as a call, yet `submod` is traced though.
    # This is because the default set of "Leaf Modules" includes all
    # standard `torch.nn` modules.
    """
    import torch
    def forward(self, x):
        linear_1 = self.linear(x);  x = None
        neg_1 = torch.neg(linear_1);  linear_1 = None
        return neg_1
    """
    
The set of leaf modules can be customized by overriding
`Tracer.is_leaf_module()`.

### Miscellanea

  * Tensor constructors (e.g. `torch.zeros`, `torch.ones`, `torch.rand`, `torch.randn`, `torch.sparse_coo_tensor`) are currently not traceable.
    * The deterministic constructors (`zeros`, `ones`) can be used and the value they produce will be embedded in the trace as a constant. This is only problematic if the arguments to these constructors refers to dynamic input sizes. In this case, `ones_like` or `zeros_like` may be a viable substitute.
    * Nondeterministic constructors (`rand`, `randn`) will have a single random value embedded in the trace. This is likely not the intended behavior.
    * This behavior may be fixed in a future release.
  * Type annotations
    * Python 3-style type annotations (e.g. `func(x : torch.Tensor, y : int) -> torch.Tensor`) are supported and will be preserved by symbolic tracing.
    * Python 2-style comment type annotations `# type: (torch.Tensor, int) -> torch.Tensor` are not currently supported.
    * Annotations on local names within a function are not currently supported.

## API Reference

`torch.fx.symbolic_trace(root, concrete_args=None)` [source]

    
Symbolic tracing API

Given an `nn.Module` or function instance `root`, this function will return a
`GraphModule` constructed by recording operations seen while tracing through
`root`.

Parameters

    
  * root (Union[torch.nn.Module, Callable]) – Module or function to be traced and converted into a Graph representation.
  * concrete_args (Optional[Dict[str, any]]) – Concrete arguments that should not be treated as Proxies.

Returns

    
a Module created from the recorded operations from `root`.

Return type

    
GraphModule

`torch.fx.wrap(fn_or_name)` [source]

    
This function can be called at module-level scope to register fn_or_name as a
“leaf function”. A “leaf function” will be preserved as a CallFunction node in
the FX trace instead of being traced through:

    
    # foo/bar/baz.py
    def my_custom_function(x, y):
        return x * x + y * y
    
    torch.fx.wrap('my_custom_function')
    
    def fn_to_be_traced(x, y):
        # When symbolic tracing, the below call to my_custom_function will be inserted into
        # the graph rather than tracing it.
        return my_custom_function(x, y)
    
This function can also equivalently be used as a decorator:

    
    # foo/bar/baz.py
    @torch.fx.wrap
    def my_custom_function(x, y):
        return x * x + y * y
    
A wrapped function can be thought of a “leaf function”, analogous to the
concept of “leaf modules”, that is, they are functions that are left as calls
in the FX trace rather than traced through.

Parameters

    
fn_or_name (Union[str, Callable]) – The function or name of the global
function to insert into the graph when it’s called

`class torch.fx.GraphModule(root, graph, class_name='GraphModule')` [source]

    
GraphModule is an nn.Module generated from an fx.Graph. Graphmodule has a
`graph` attribute, as well as `code` and `forward` attributes generated from
that `graph`.

Warning

When `graph` is reassigned, `code` and `forward` will be automatically
regenerated. However, if you edit the contents of the `graph` without
reassigning the `graph` attribute itself, you must call `recompile()` to
update the generated code.

`__init__(root, graph, class_name='GraphModule')` [source]

    
Construct a GraphModule.

Parameters

    
  * root (Union[torch.nn.Module, Dict[str, Any]) – `root` can either be an nn.Module instance or a Dict mapping strings to any attribute type. In the case that `root` is a Module, any references to Module-based objects (via qualified name) in the Graph’s Nodes’ `target` field will be copied over from the respective place within `root`’s Module hierarchy into the GraphModule’s module hierarchy. In the case that `root` is a dict, the qualified name found in a Node’s `target` will be looked up directly in the dict’s keys. The object mapped to by the Dict will be copied over into the appropriate place within the GraphModule’s module hierarchy.
  * graph (Graph) – `graph` contains the nodes this GraphModule should use for code generation
  * name (str) – `name` denotes the name of this GraphModule for debugging purposes. If it’s unset, all error messages will report as originating from `GraphModule`. It may be helpful to set this to `root`’s original name or a name that makes sense within the context of your transform.

`property code`

    
Return the Python code generated from the `Graph` underlying this
`GraphModule`.

`property graph`

    
Return the `Graph` underlying this `GraphModule`

`recompile()` [source]

    
Recompile this GraphModule from its `graph` attribute. This should be called
after editing the contained `graph`, otherwise the generated code of this
`GraphModule` will be out of date.

`to_folder(folder, module_name='FxModule')` [source]

    
Dumps out module to `folder` with `module_name` so that it can be imported
with `from <folder> import <module_name>`

Parameters

    
  * folder (Union[str, os.PathLike]) – The folder to write the code out to
  * module_name (str) – Top-level name to use for the `Module` while writing out the code

`class torch.fx.Graph` [source]

    
`Graph` is the main data structure used in the FX Intermediate Representation.
It consists of a series of `Node` s, each representing callsites (or other
syntactic constructs). The list of `Node` s, taken together, constitute a
valid Python function.

For example, the following code

    
    import torch
    import torch.fx
    
    class MyModule(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
            self.param = torch.nn.Parameter(torch.rand(3, 4))
            self.linear = torch.nn.Linear(4, 5)
    
        def forward(self, x):
            return torch.topk(torch.sum(self.linear(x + self.linear.weight).relu(), dim=-1), 3)
    
    m = MyModule()
    gm = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(m)
    
Will produce the following Graph:

    
    print(gm.graph)
    
    
    graph(x):
        %linear_weight : [#users=1] = self.linear.weight
        %add_1 : [#users=1] = call_function[target=operator.add](args = (%x, %linear_weight), kwargs = {})
        %linear_1 : [#users=1] = call_module[target=linear](args = (%add_1,), kwargs = {})
        %relu_1 : [#users=1] = call_method[target=relu](args = (%linear_1,), kwargs = {})
        %sum_1 : [#users=1] = call_function[target=torch.sum](args = (%relu_1,), kwargs = {dim: -1})
        %topk_1 : [#users=1] = call_function[target=torch.topk](args = (%sum_1, 3), kwargs = {})
        return topk_1
    
For the semantics of operations represented in the `Graph`, please see `Node`.

`__init__()` [source]

    
Construct an empty Graph.

`call_function(the_function, args=None, kwargs=None, type_expr=None)` [source]

    
Insert a `call_function` `Node` into the `Graph`. A `call_function` node
represents a call to a Python callable, specified by `the_function`.
`the_function` can be

Parameters

    
  * the_function (Callable[.., Any]) – The function to be called. Can be any PyTorch operator, Python function, or member of the `builtins` or `operator` namespaces.
  * args (Optional[Tuple[Argument, ..]]) – The positional arguments to be passed to the called function.
  * kwargs (Optional[Dict[str, Argument]]) – The keyword arguments to be passed to the called function
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have.

Returns

The newly created and inserted `call_function` node.

Note

The same insertion point and type expression rules apply for this method as
`Graph.create_node()`.

`call_method(method_name, args=None, kwargs=None, type_expr=None)` [source]

    
Insert a `call_method` `Node` into the `Graph`. A `call_method` node
represents a call to a given method on the 0th element of `args`.

Parameters

    
  * method_name (str) – The name of the method to apply to the self argument. For example, if args[0] is a `Node` representing a `Tensor`, then to call `relu()` on that `Tensor`, pass `relu` to `method_name`.
  * args (Optional[Tuple[Argument, ..]]) – The positional arguments to be passed to the called method. Note that this should include a `self` argument.
  * kwargs (Optional[Dict[str, Argument]]) – The keyword arguments to be passed to the called method
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have.

Returns

    
The newly created and inserted `call_method` node.

Note

The same insertion point and type expression rules apply for this method as
`Graph.create_node()`.

`call_module(module_name, args=None, kwargs=None, type_expr=None)` [source]

    
Insert a `call_module` `Node` into the `Graph`. A `call_module` node
represents a call to the forward() function of a `Module` in the `Module`
hierarchy.

Parameters

    
  * module_name (str) – The qualified name of the `Module` in the `Module` hierarchy to be called. For example, if the traced `Module` has a submodule named `foo`, which has a submodule named `bar`, the qualified name `foo.bar` should be passed as `module_name` to call that module.
  * args (Optional[Tuple[Argument, ..]]) – The positional arguments to be passed to the called method. Note that this should not include a `self` argument.
  * kwargs (Optional[Dict[str, Argument]]) – The keyword arguments to be passed to the called method
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have.

Returns

    
The newly-created and inserted `call_module` node.

Note

The same insertion point and type expression rules apply for this method as
`Graph.create_node()`.

`create_node(op, target, args=None, kwargs=None, name=None, type_expr=None)`
[source]

    
Create a `Node` and add it to the `Graph` at the current insert-point. Note
that the current insert-point can be set via `Graph.inserting_before()` and
`Graph.inserting_after()`.

Parameters

    
  * op (str) – the opcode for this Node. One of ‘call_function’, ‘call_method’, ‘get_attr’, ‘call_module’, ‘placeholder’, or ‘output’. The semantics of these opcodes are described in the `Graph` docstring.
  * args (Optional[Tuple[Argument, ..]]) – is a tuple of arguments to this node.
  * kwargs (Optional[Dict[str, Argument]]) – the kwargs of this Node
  * name (Optional[str]) – an optional string name for the `Node`. This will influence the name of the value assigned to in the Python generated code.
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have.

Returns

    
The newly-created and inserted node.

`erase_node(to_erase)` [source]

    
Erases a `Node` from the `Graph`. Throws an exception if there are still users
of that node in the `Graph`.

Parameters

    
to_erase (Node) – The `Node` to erase from the `Graph`.

`get_attr(qualified_name, type_expr=None)` [source]

    
Insert a `get_attr` node into the Graph. A `get_attr` `Node` represents the
fetch of an attribute from the `Module` hierarchy.

Parameters

    
  * qualified_name (str) – the fully-qualified name of the attribute to be retrieved. For example, if the traced Module has a submodule named `foo`, which has a submodule named `bar`, which has an attribute named `baz`, the qualified name `foo.bar.baz` should be passed as `qualified_name`.
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have.

Returns

    
The newly-created and inserted `get_attr` node.

Note

The same insertion point and type expression rules apply for this method as
`Graph.create_node`.

`graph_copy(g, val_map)` [source]

    
Copy all nodes from a given graph into `self`.

Parameters

    
  * g (Graph) – The source graph from which to copy Nodes.
  * val_map (Dict[Node, Node]) – a dictionary that will be populated with a mapping from nodes in `g` to nodes in `self`. Note that `val_map` can be passed in with values in it already to override copying of certain values.

Returns

    
The value in `self` that is now equivalent to the output value in `g`, if `g`
had an `output` node. `None` otherwise.

`inserting_after(n=None)` [source]

    
Set the point at which create_node and companion methods will insert into the
graph. When used within a ‘with’ statement, this will temporary set the insert
point and then restore it when the with statement exits:

    
    with g.inserting_after(n):
        ... # inserting after node n
    ... # insert point restored to what it was previously
    g.inserting_after(n) #  set the insert point permanently
    
Parameters

    
n (Optional[Node]) – The node before which to insert. If None this will insert
after the beginning of the entire graph.

Returns

    
A resource manager that will restore the insert point on `__exit__`.

`inserting_before(n=None)` [source]

    
Set the point at which create_node and companion methods will insert into the
graph. When used within a ‘with’ statement, this will temporary set the insert
point and then restore it when the with statement exits:

    
    with g.inserting_before(n):
        ... # inserting before node n
    ... # insert point restored to what it was previously
    g.inserting_before(n) #  set the insert point permanently
    
Parameters

    
n (Optional[Node]) – The node before which to insert. If None this will insert
before the beginning of the entire graph.

Returns

    
A resource manager that will restore the insert point on `__exit__`.

`lint(root=None)` [source]

    
Runs various checks on this Graph to make sure it is well-formed. In
particular: - Checks Nodes have correct ownership (owned by this graph) -
Checks Nodes appear in topological order - If `root` is provided, checks that
targets exist in `root`

Parameters

    
root (Optional[torch.nn.Module]) – The root module with which to check for
targets. This is equivalent to the `root` argument that is passed when
constructing a `GraphModule`.

`node_copy(node, arg_transform=<function Graph.<lambda>>)` [source]

    
Copy a node from one graph into another. `arg_transform` needs to transform
arguments from the graph of node to the graph of self. Example:

    
    # Copying all the nodes in `g` into `new_graph`
    g : torch.fx.Graph = ...
    new_graph = torch.fx.graph()
    value_remap = {}
    for node in g.nodes:
        value_remap[node] = new_graph.node_copy(node, lambda n : value_remap[n])
    
Parameters

    
  * node (Node) – The node to copy into `self`.
  * arg_transform (Callable[[Node], Argument]) – A function that transforms `Node` arguments in node’s `args` and `kwargs` into the equivalent argument in `self`. In the simplest case, this should retrieve a value out of a table mapping Nodes in the original graph to `self`.

`property nodes`

    
Get the list of Nodes that constitute this Graph.

Note that this `Node` list representation is a doubly-linked list. Mutations
during iteration (e.g. delete a Node, add a Node) are safe.

Returns

    
A doubly-linked list of Nodes. Note that `reversed` can be called on this list
to switch iteration order.

`output(result, type_expr=None)` [source]

    
Insert an `output` `Node` into the `Graph`. An `output` node represents a
`return` statement in Python code. `result` is the value that should be
returned.

Parameters

    
  * result (Argument) – The value to be returned.
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have.

Note

The same insertion point and type expression rules apply for this method as
`Graph.create_node`.

`placeholder(name, type_expr=None)` [source]

    
Insert a `placeholder` node into the Graph. A `placeholder` represents a
function input.

Parameters

    
  * name (str) – A name for the input value. This corresponds to the name of the positional argument to the function this `Graph` represents.
  * type_expr (Optional[Any]) – an optional type annotation representing the Python type the output of this node will have. This is needed in some cases for proper code generation (e.g. when the function is used subsequently in TorchScript compilation).

Note

The same insertion point and type expression rules apply for this method as
`Graph.create_node`.

`print_tabular()` [source]

    
Prints the intermediate representation of the graph in tabular format.

`python_code(root_module)` [source]

    
Turn this `Graph` into valid Python code.

Parameters

    
root_module (str) – The name of the root module on which to look-up qualified
name targets. This is usually ‘self’.

Returns

    
The string source code generated from this `Graph`.

`class torch.fx.Node(graph, name, op, target, args, kwargs, type=None)`
[source]

    
`Node` is the data structure that represents individual operations within a
`Graph`. For the most part, Nodes represent callsites to various entities,
such as operators, methods, and Modules (some exceptions include nodes that
specify function inputs and outputs). Each `Node` has a function specified by
its `op` property. The `Node` semantics for each value of `op` are as follows:

  * `placeholder` represents a function input. The `name` attribute specifies the name this value will take on. `target` is similarly the name of the argument. `args` holds either: 1) nothing, or 2) a single argument denoting the default parameter of the function input. `kwargs` is don’t-care. Placeholders correspond to the function parameters (e.g. `x`) in the graph printout.
  * `get_attr` retrieves a parameter from the module hierarchy. `name` is similarly the name the result of the fetch is assigned to. `target` is the fully-qualified name of the parameter’s position in the module hierarchy. `args` and `kwargs` are don’t-care
  * `call_function` applies a free function to some values. `name` is similarly the name of the value to assign to. `target` is the function to be applied. `args` and `kwargs` represent the arguments to the function, following the Python calling convention
  * `call_module` applies a module in the module hierarchy’s `forward()` method to given arguments. `name` is as previous. `target` is the fully-qualified name of the module in the module hierarchy to call. `args` and `kwargs` represent the arguments to invoke the module on, including the self argument.
  * `call_method` calls a method on a value. `name` is as similar. `target` is the string name of the method to apply to the `self` argument. `args` and `kwargs` represent the arguments to invoke the module on, including the self argument
  * `output` contains the output of the traced function in its `args[0]` attribute. This corresponds to the “return” statement in the Graph printout.

`property all_input_nodes`

    
Return all Nodes that are inputs to this Node. This is equivalent to iterating
over `args` and `kwargs` and only collecting the values that are Nodes.

Returns

    
List of `Nodes` that appear in the `args` and `kwargs` of this `Node`, in that
order.

`append(x)` [source]

    
Insert x after this node in the list of nodes in the graph. Equvalent to
`self.next.prepend(x)`

Parameters

    
x (Node) – The node to put after this node. Must be a member of the same
graph.

`property args`

    
The tuple of arguments to this `Node`. The interpretation of arguments depends
on the node’s opcode. See the `Node` docstring for more information.

Assignment to this property is allowed. All accounting of uses and users is
updated automatically on assignment.

`property kwargs`

    
The dict of keyword arguments to this `Node`. The interpretation of arguments
depends on the node’s opcode. See the `Node` docstring for more information.

Assignment to this property is allowed. All accounting of uses and users is
updated automatically on assignment.

`property next`

    
Returns the next `Node` in the linked list of Nodes.

Returns

    
The next `Node` in the linked list of Nodes.

`prepend(x)` [source]

    
Insert x before this node in the list of nodes in the graph. Example:

    
    Before: p -> self
            bx -> x -> ax
    After:  p -> x -> self
            bx -> ax
    
Parameters

    
x (Node) – The node to put before this node. Must be a member of the same
graph.

`property prev`

    
Returns the previous `Node` in the linked list of Nodes.

Returns

    
The previous `Node` in the linked list of Nodes.

`replace_all_uses_with(replace_with)` [source]

    
Replace all uses of `self` in the Graph with the Node `replace_with`.

Parameters

    
replace_with (Node) – The node to replace all uses of `self` with.

Returns

    
The list of Nodes on which this change was made.

`class torch.fx.Tracer(autowrap_modules=(<module 'math' from
'/home/matti/miniconda3/lib/python3.7/lib-
dynload/math.cpython-37m-x86_64-linux-gnu.so'>, ))` [source]

    
`Tracer` is the class that implements the symbolic tracing functionality of
`torch.fx.symbolic_trace`. A call to `symbolic_trace(m)` is equivalent to
`Tracer().trace(m)`.

Tracer can be subclassed to override various behaviors of the tracing process.
The different behaviors that can be overridden are described in the docstrings
of the methods on this class.

`call_module(m, forward, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Method that specifies the behavior of this `Tracer` when it encounters a call
to an `nn.Module` instance.

By default, the behavior is to check if the called module is a leaf module via
`is_leaf_module`. If it is, emit a `call_module` node referring to `m` in the
`Graph`. Otherwise, call the `Module` normally, tracing through the operations
in its `forward` function.

This method can be overridden to–for example–create nested traced
GraphModules, or any other behavior you would want while tracing across
`Module` boundaries. `Module` boundaries.

Parameters

    
  * m (Module) – The module for which a call is being emitted
  * forward (Callable) – The forward() method of the `Module` to be invoked
  * args (Tuple) – args of the module callsite
  * kwargs (Dict) – kwargs of the module callsite

Returns

    
The return value from the Module call. In the case that a `call_module` node
was emitted, this is a `Proxy` value. Otherwise, it is whatever value was
returned from the `Module` invocation.

`create_arg(a)` [source]

    
A method to specify the behavior of tracing when preparing values to be used
as arguments to nodes in the `Graph`.

By default, the behavior includes:

  1. Iterate through collection types (e.g. tuple, list, dict) and recursively call `create_args` on the elements.
  2. Given a Proxy object, return a reference to the underlying IR `Node`
  3. Given a non-Proxy Tensor object, emit IR for various cases:
     * For a Parameter, emit a `get_attr` node referring to that Parameter
     * For a non-Parameter Tensor, store the Tensor away in a special attribute referring to that attribute.

This method can be overridden to support more types.

Parameters

    
a (Any) – The value to be emitted as an `Argument` in the `Graph`.

Returns

    
The value `a` converted into the appropriate `Argument`

`create_args_for_root(root_fn, is_module, concrete_args=None)` [source]

    
Create `placeholder` nodes corresponding to the signature of the `root`
Module. This method introspects root’s signature and emits those nodes
accordingly, also supporting `*args` and `**kwargs`.

`is_leaf_module(m, module_qualified_name)` [source]

    
A method to specify whether a given `nn.Module` is a “leaf” module.

Leaf modules are the atomic units that appear in the IR, referenced by
`call_module` calls. By default, Modules in the PyTorch standard library
namespace (torch.nn) are leaf modules. All other modules are traced through
and their constituent ops are recorded, unless specified otherwise via this
parameter.

Parameters

    
  * m (Module) – The module being queried about
  * module_qualified_name (str) – The path to root of this module. For example, if you have a module hierarchy where submodule `foo` contains submodule `bar`, which contains submodule `baz`, that module will appear with the qualified name `foo.bar.baz` here.

`path_of_module(mod)` [source]

    
Helper method to find the qualified name of `mod` in the Module hierarchy of
`root`. For example, if `root` has a submodule named `foo`, which has a
submodule named `bar`, passing `bar` into this function will return the string
“foo.bar”.

Parameters

    
mod (str) – The `Module` to retrieve the qualified name for.

`trace(root, concrete_args=None)` [source]

    
Trace `root` and return the corresponding FX `Graph` representation. `root`
can either be an `nn.Module` instance or a Python callable.

Note that after this call, `self.root` may be different from the `root` passed
in here. For example, when a free function is passed to `trace()`, we will
create an `nn.Module` instance to use as the root and add embedded constants
to.

Parameters

    
root (Union[Module, Callable]) – Either a `Module` or a function to be traced
through.

Returns

    
A `Graph` representing the semantics of the passed-in `root`.

`class torch.fx.Proxy(node, tracer=None)` [source]

    
`Proxy` objects are `Node` wrappers that flow through the program during
symbolic tracing and record all the operations (`torch` function calls, method
calls, operators) that they touch into the growing FX Graph.

If you’re doing graph transforms, you can wrap your own `Proxy` method around
a raw `Node` so that you can use the overloaded operators to add additional
things to a `Graph`.

`class torch.fx.Interpreter(module)` [source]

    
An Interpreter executes an FX graph Node-by-Node. This pattern can be useful
for many things, including writing code transformations as well as analysis
passes.

Methods in the Interpreter class can be overridden to customize the behavior
of execution. The map of overrideable methods in terms of call hierarchy:

    
    run()
        +-- run_node
            +-- placeholder()
            +-- get_attr()
            +-- call_function()
            +-- call_method()
            +-- call_module()
            +-- output()
    
#### Example

Suppose we want to swap all instances of `torch.neg` with `torch.sigmoid` and
vice versa (including their `Tensor` method equivalents). We could subclass
Interpreter like so:

    
    class NegSigmSwapInterpreter(Interpreter):
        def call_function(self, target : Target,
                          args : Tuple, kwargs : Dict) -> Any:
            if target == torch.sigmoid:
                return torch.neg(*args, **kwargs)
            return super().call_function(n)
    
        def call_method(self, target : Target,
                        args : Tuple, kwargs : Dict) -> Any:
            if target == 'neg':
                call_self, *args_tail = args
                return call_self.sigmoid(*args_tail, **kwargs)
            return super().call_method(n)
    
    def fn(x):
        return torch.sigmoid(x).neg()
    
    gm = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(fn)
    input = torch.randn(3, 4)
    result = NegSigmSwapInterpreter(gm).run(input)
    torch.testing.assert_allclose(result, torch.neg(input).sigmoid())
    
Parameters

    
module (GraphModule) – The module to be executed

`call_function(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `call_function` node and return the result.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

Return

    
Any: The value returned by the function invocation

`call_method(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `call_method` node and return the result.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

Return

    
Any: The value returned by the method invocation

`call_module(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `call_module` node and return the result.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

Return

    
Any: The value returned by the module invocation

`fetch_args_kwargs_from_env(n)` [source]

    
Fetch the concrete values of `args` and `kwargs` of node `n` from the current
execution environment.

Parameters

    
n (Node) – The node for which `args` and `kwargs` should be fetched.

Returns

    
`args` and `kwargs` with concrete values for `n`.

Return type

    
Tuple[Tuple, Dict]

`fetch_attr(target)` [source]

    
Fetch an attribute from the `Module` hierarchy of `self.module`.

Parameters

    
target (str) – The fully-qualfiied name of the attribute to fetch

Returns

    
The value of the attribute.

Return type

    
Any

`get_attr(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `get_attr` node. Will retrieve an attribute value from the `Module`
hierarchy of `self.module`.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

Returns

    
The value of the attribute that was retrieved

Return type

    
Any

`map_nodes_to_values(args, n)` [source]

    
Recursively descend through `args` and look up the concrete value for each
`Node` in the current execution environment.

Parameters

    
  * args (Argument) – Data structure within which to look up concrete values
  * n (Node) – Node to which `args` belongs. This is only used for error reporting.

`output(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute an `output` node. This really just retrieves the value referenced by
the `output` node and returns it.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

Returns

    
The return value referenced by the output node

Return type

    
Any

`placeholder(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `placeholder` node. Note that this is stateful: `Interpreter`
maintains an internal iterator over arguments passed to `run` and this method
returns next() on that iterator.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

Returns

    
The argument value that was retrieved.

Return type

    
Any

`run(*args, initial_env=None)` [source]

    
Run `module` via interpretation and return the result.

Parameters

    
  * *args – The arguments to the Module to run, in positional order
  * initial_env (Optional[Dict[Node, Any]]) – An optional starting environment for execution. This is a dict mapping `Node` to any value. This can be used, for example, to pre-populate results for certain `Nodes` so as to do only partial evaluation within the interpreter.

Returns

    
The value returned from executing the Module

Return type

    
Any

`run_node(n)` [source]

    
Run a specific node `n` and return the result. Calls into placeholder,
get_attr, call_function, call_method, call_module, or output depending on
`node.op`

Parameters

    
n (Node) – The Node to execute

Returns

    
The result of executing `n`

Return type

    
Any

`class torch.fx.Transformer(module)` [source]

    
`Transformer` is a special type of interpreter that produces a new `Module`.
It exposes a `transform()` method that returns the transformed `Module`.
`Transformer` does not require arguments to run, as `Interpreter` does.
`Transformer` works entirely symbolically.

#### Example

Suppose we want to swap all instances of `torch.neg` with `torch.sigmoid` and
vice versa (including their `Tensor` method equivalents). We could subclass
`Transformer` like so:

    
    class NegSigmSwapXformer(Transformer):
        def call_function(self, target : 'Target', args : Tuple[Argument, ...], kwargs : Dict[str, Any]) -> Any:
            if target == torch.sigmoid:
                return torch.neg(*args, **kwargs)
            return super().call_function(n)
    
        def call_method(self, target : 'Target', args : Tuple[Argument, ...], kwargs : Dict[str, Any]) -> Any:
            if target == 'neg':
                call_self, *args_tail = args
                return call_self.sigmoid(*args_tail, **kwargs)
            return super().call_method(n)
    
    def fn(x):
        return torch.sigmoid(x).neg()
    
    gm = torch.fx.symbolic_trace(fn)
    
    transformed : torch.nn.Module = NegSigmSwapXformer(gm).transform()
    input = torch.randn(3, 4)
    torch.testing.assert_allclose(transformed(input), torch.neg(input).sigmoid())
    
Parameters

    
module (GraphModule) – The `Module` to be transformed.

`get_attr(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `get_attr` node. In `Transformer`, this is overridden to insert a
new `get_attr` node into the output graph.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

`placeholder(target, args, kwargs)` [source]

    
Execute a `placeholder` node. In `Transformer`, this is overridden to insert a
new `placeholder` into the output graph.

Parameters

    
  * target (Target) – The call target for this node. See Node for details on semantics
  * args (Tuple) – Tuple of positional args for this invocation
  * kwargs (Dict) – Dict of keyword arguments for this invocation

`transform()` [source]

    
Transform `self.module` and return the transformed `GraphModule`.

`torch.fx.replace_pattern(gm, pattern, replacement)` [source]

    
Matches all possible non-overlapping sets of operators and their data
dependencies (`pattern`) in the Graph of a GraphModule (`gm`), then replaces
each of these matched subgraphs with another subgraph (`replacement`).

Parameters

    
  * gm – The GraphModule that wraps the Graph to operate on
  * pattern – The subgraph to match in `gm` for replacement
  * replacement – The subgraph to replace `pattern` with

Returns

    
A list of `Match` objects representing the places in the original graph that
`pattern` was matched to. The list is empty if there are no matches. `Match`
is defined as:

    
    class Match(NamedTuple):
        # Node from which the match was found
        anchor: Node
        # Maps nodes in the pattern subgraph to nodes in the larger graph
        nodes_map: Dict[Node, Node]
    
Return type

    
List[Match]

Examples:

    
    import torch
    from torch.fx import symbolic_trace, subgraph_rewriter
    
    class M(torch.nn.Module):
        def __init__(self):
            super().__init__()
    
        def forward(self, x, w1, w2):
            m1 = torch.cat([w1, w2]).sum()
            m2 = torch.cat([w1, w2]).sum()
            return x + torch.max(m1) + torch.max(m2)
    
    def pattern(w1, w2):
        return torch.cat([w1, w2]).sum()
    
    def replacement(w1, w2):
        return torch.stack([w1, w2])
    
    traced_module = symbolic_trace(M())
    
    subgraph_rewriter.replace_pattern(traced_module, pattern, replacement)
    
The above code will first match `pattern` in the `forward` method of
`traced_module`. Pattern-matching is done based on use-def relationships, not
node names. For example, if you had `p = torch.cat([a, b])` in `pattern`, you
could match `m = torch.cat([a, b])` in the original `forward` function,
despite the variable names being different (`p` vs `m`).

The `return` statement in `pattern` is matched based on its value only; it may
or may not match to the `return` statement in the larger graph. In other
words, the pattern doesn’t have to extend to the end of the larger graph.

When the pattern is matched, it will be removed from the larger function and
replaced by `replacement`. If there are multiple matches for `pattern` in the
larger function, each non-overlapping match will be replaced. In the case of a
match overlap, the first found match in the set of overlapping matches will be
replaced. (“First” here being defined as the first in a topological ordering
of the Nodes’ use-def relationships. In most cases, the first Node is the
parameter that appears directly after `self`, while the last Node is whatever
the function returns.)

One important thing to note is that the parameters of the `pattern` Callable
must be used in the Callable itself, and the parameters of the `replacement`
Callable must match the pattern. The first rule is why, in the above code
block, the `forward` function has parameters `x, w1, w2`, but the `pattern`
function only has parameters `w1, w2`. `pattern` doesn’t use `x`, so it
shouldn’t specify `x` as a parameter. As an example of the second rule,
consider replacing

    
    def pattern(x, y):
        return torch.neg(x) + torch.relu(y)
    
with

    
    def replacement(x, y):
        return torch.relu(x)
    
In this case, `replacement` needs the same number of parameters as `pattern`
(both `x` and `y`), even though the parameter `y` isn’t used in `replacement`.

After calling `subgraph_rewriter.replace_pattern`, the generated Python code
looks like this:

    
    def forward(self, x, w1, w2):
        stack_1 = torch.stack([w1, w2])
        sum_1 = stack_1.sum()
        stack_2 = torch.stack([w1, w2])
        sum_2 = stack_2.sum()
        max_1 = torch.max(sum_1)
        add_1 = x + max_1
        max_2 = torch.max(sum_2)
        add_2 = add_1 + max_2
        return add_2
    
© 2019 Torch Contributors  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pytorch.org/docs/1.8.0/fx.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

