# torch.utils.tensorboard

Before going further, more details on TensorBoard can be found at
https://www.tensorflow.org/tensorboard/

Once you’ve installed TensorBoard, these utilities let you log PyTorch models
and metrics into a directory for visualization within the TensorBoard UI.
Scalars, images, histograms, graphs, and embedding visualizations are all
supported for PyTorch models and tensors as well as Caffe2 nets and blobs.

The SummaryWriter class is your main entry to log data for consumption and
visualization by TensorBoard. For example:

    
    import torch
    import torchvision
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    from torchvision import datasets, transforms
    
    # Writer will output to ./runs/ directory by default
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    
    transform = transforms.Compose([transforms.ToTensor(), transforms.Normalize((0.5,), (0.5,))])
    trainset = datasets.MNIST('mnist_train', train=True, download=True, transform=transform)
    trainloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(trainset, batch_size=64, shuffle=True)
    model = torchvision.models.resnet50(False)
    # Have ResNet model take in grayscale rather than RGB
    model.conv1 = torch.nn.Conv2d(1, 64, kernel_size=7, stride=2, padding=3, bias=False)
    images, labels = next(iter(trainloader))
    
    grid = torchvision.utils.make_grid(images)
    writer.add_image('images', grid, 0)
    writer.add_graph(model, images)
    writer.close()
    
This can then be visualized with TensorBoard, which should be installable and
runnable with:

    
    pip install tensorboard
    tensorboard --logdir=runs
    
Lots of information can be logged for one experiment. To avoid cluttering the
UI and have better result clustering, we can group plots by naming them
hierarchically. For example, “Loss/train” and “Loss/test” will be grouped
together, while “Accuracy/train” and “Accuracy/test” will be grouped
separately in the TensorBoard interface.

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    import numpy as np
    
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    
    for n_iter in range(100):
        writer.add_scalar('Loss/train', np.random.random(), n_iter)
        writer.add_scalar('Loss/test', np.random.random(), n_iter)
        writer.add_scalar('Accuracy/train', np.random.random(), n_iter)
        writer.add_scalar('Accuracy/test', np.random.random(), n_iter)
    
Expected result:

![_images/hier_tags.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

`class torch.utils.tensorboard.writer.SummaryWriter(log_dir=None, comment='',
purge_step=None, max_queue=10, flush_secs=120, filename_suffix='')` [source]

    
Writes entries directly to event files in the log_dir to be consumed by
TensorBoard.

The `SummaryWriter` class provides a high-level API to create an event file in
a given directory and add summaries and events to it. The class updates the
file contents asynchronously. This allows a training program to call methods
to add data to the file directly from the training loop, without slowing down
training.

`__init__(log_dir=None, comment='', purge_step=None, max_queue=10,
flush_secs=120, filename_suffix='')` [source]

    
Creates a `SummaryWriter` that will write out events and summaries to the
event file.

Parameters

    
  * log_dir (string) – Save directory location. Default is runs/CURRENT_DATETIME_HOSTNAME, which changes after each run. Use hierarchical folder structure to compare between runs easily. e.g. pass in ‘runs/exp1’, ‘runs/exp2’, etc. for each new experiment to compare across them.
  * comment (string) – Comment log_dir suffix appended to the default `log_dir`. If `log_dir` is assigned, this argument has no effect.
  * purge_step (int) – When logging crashes at step T+XT+X and restarts at step TT , any events whose global_step larger or equal to TT will be purged and hidden from TensorBoard. Note that crashed and resumed experiments should have the same `log_dir`.
  * max_queue (int) – Size of the queue for pending events and summaries before one of the ‘add’ calls forces a flush to disk. Default is ten items.
  * flush_secs (int) – How often, in seconds, to flush the pending events and summaries to disk. Default is every two minutes.
  * filename_suffix (string) – Suffix added to all event filenames in the log_dir directory. More details on filename construction in tensorboard.summary.writer.event_file_writer.EventFileWriter.

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    
    # create a summary writer with automatically generated folder name.
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    # folder location: runs/May04_22-14-54_s-MacBook-Pro.local/
    
    # create a summary writer using the specified folder name.
    writer = SummaryWriter("my_experiment")
    # folder location: my_experiment
    
    # create a summary writer with comment appended.
    writer = SummaryWriter(comment="LR_0.1_BATCH_16")
    # folder location: runs/May04_22-14-54_s-MacBook-Pro.localLR_0.1_BATCH_16/
    
`add_scalar(tag, scalar_value, global_step=None, walltime=None)` [source]

    
Add scalar data to summary.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * scalar_value (float or string/blobname) – Value to save
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) with seconds after epoch of event

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    x = range(100)
    for i in x:
        writer.add_scalar('y=2x', i * 2, i)
    writer.close()
    
Expected result:

![_images/add_scalar.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAnAAAAHcCAMAAABh+2eZAAABnWlUWHRYTUw6Y29tLmFkb2JlLnhtcAAAAAAAPHg6eG1wbWV0YSB4bWxuczp4PSJhZG9iZTpuczptZXRhLyIgeDp4bXB0az0iWE1QIENvcmUgNS40LjAiPgogICA8cmRmOlJERiB4bWxuczpyZGY9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkvMDIvMjItcmRmLXN5bnRheC1ucyMiPgogICAgICA8cmRmOkRlc2NyaXB0aW9uIHJkZjphYm91dD0iIgogICAgICAgICAgICB4bWxuczpleGlmPSJodHRwOi8vbnMuYWRvYmUuY29tL2V4aWYvMS4wLyI+CiAgICAgICAgIDxleGlmOlBpeGVsWERpbWVuc2lvbj42MjQ8L2V4aWY6UGl4ZWxYRGltZW5zaW9uPgogICAgICAgICA8ZXhpZjpQaXhlbFlEaW1lbnNpb24+NDc2PC9leGlmOlBpeGVsWURpbWVuc2lvbj4KICAgICAgPC9yZGY6RGVzY3JpcHRpb24+CiAgIDwvcmRmOlJERj4KPC94OnhtcG1ldGE+CjpFDjcAAAAJcEhZcwAAFiUAABYlAUlSJPAAAAF3UExURf///+Pj483Nzdvb2+Tk5JmZmfT09M/Pz9TU1P1xS/39/dfX19DQ0Onp6f/j2yuY8PX19fPz89PT06+vr+Li4vHx8e3t7fn5+ubm5vj4+ZycnN/f3+7u7t7e3v/+/ra2t7GxsV+x9MzMzJXL9wAAALy8vdHR0srl+2Vlbv/29FlZY/15VaysrKmorf2CYcfHyMHBw//t6P6RdGtqc//b0qyssV5dZ1RTXZSUmqOiprGxtt3c3rm5u/64pXx7g5CPlYmJkPDw8f/y7v/JuoKBiM7O0f/Uyf6tl3Z1ftvu/eXl58bGxkyp8v/o4f/7+ujo6f6cgtnZ2p6eo3FxecrKzfv8/Pf39/6mjcTEx9bV1evr7MrKytq8tEdGTbTb+tXV2OzRyvPz9P7Ar+PHv/CVfCUlJfKHavfb09bFwL6gmPX09dG1reetndjNy8ispPd7WujZ1eegjnm+9vv6+g8PDzExMWe19OTy/fPj3tuxpu7BtMiHdv/jzReX3s4AAB3rSURBVHja7J37U9pOF8YjEK31Mlq8a4HpBAYxCJYWikXUyqtOnWrVegVHW2vVWlsd7Uz7/evfhGwgwUhXyZIQnucHWMJOPLP7cS8nnD0cB0EQBEEQBEEQBEEQBN2j+Vg6vTKGdoDqops5oai5G7QFVAelJNh+/5ZeltEWEHtFBeGgi+NCt4LQgdaAmOtAuC0u30RBSKM1ILM0uJl4Uyw8SSSC2i9uhVTx3SMIOW4skcjJH7aWE4l9NBr0ePmkVVqrXFgWhLz2ul90FQu7gjAij3dCQPowIghJtBlUi2YFQZTfT4QTn9H3WUF4Lo1zt8JJD9d1S+ZZCHqspClTnjv35JnTQG7lay4tf59UxjkIqml3IM+pc4KwZ/BlrzTjtqjVNgQhgvaCalS6OKf+Fn4bfLclYRYlI+GtIAi32DFAtapfnjSliXXOYEcRFoSs+kEa3wQvmguqWRFpTpW2n6OGG4akupPwSdtVIYTWgmpWRhq5DoxmVF4QDkoPUntO5EddeK4K1aybW0FaqvF3rnsl3npKnzalmfeenSwEPUib8o9C1iqvxqUBbb70aUVe6R1gUoVM0AuJt4PKi/JT+5W3iraLE2qL7JT7PYj2gmrVicED+qRQVlQeBGelizlMqpAJknaj8hOrtWBZrWENcGIn2S9sS2i60V5QjTpQHl95NYy50CoQK8XI8/uVk7L20CwQG93kT4TbbbQDVB9l5Al0A+0A1UmigJ0nVEeNBfwetAIEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEQRAEOVIhVc+eQJCiegAnvqE2J8rz1HQGvXnq+wYC1FXz3uATmMDMhGd1GOkC9CcV+nn+KW1dT1sr9X0f8J/V2kYfxeFp66U34dkDTGiBCQAOwAE4AAfgAByAA3AADsABOAAH4AAcgANwAA7AATgAB+AAHIADcAAOwAE4AAfgAByAA3AADsABOAAH4AAcgANwAA7AATgAB+AAHIADcAAOwAG4u5on8kb7aRXg+THauh27Q9T3zeepqw7tdvQzMSEGEyQTWALX+UKRONtGqyjPu2jrBsUY9X29XuqqMTHYRm/CChsTMo41gSVwHiLvxhCtvDzvoa3bFnRT3zcep67qDrYNWW6Cy7EmYA1XrzXcM+sXUM+wacCmAZsGAAfgAByAA3AADsABOAAH4AAcgANwAA7AATgAB+AAHIADcAAOwAE4AAfgAByAA3CPAW5gvdzT3zW9890D4ACc6cBlUsuzm4lDhY/E5lw49/lOGcABOLOAC4bHpNfRlGxPZnlYet0ND1aUARyAMwu4p6n94vtujuPeR7aL5eisvgzgAJxpwHmyyvtgkuM2pgmEkae6MoADcKYBFx9R3ucTHJecJxdzLl0ZwAE404AbHCZLuTTHRdSLr6O6MoADcKa6ReQBLrLPfQ6Xhj1eWwZwAM5s4NaSUge+31Q//m9OWy7VekskjozSSuT557R1Y/496vsGg9RV9/yxUSYmZBxnwtsfXycnv/54kAmPAi4eCUmvvZpRrddohLNRILSIQGjzTfj7q72oX+dsA6G3cwllh1Bat01HdWVVw0RecZhWAZ7voa37PD9Gfd+2NuqqY/nnw/QmDNCb4HqACW8bwISF9pL+ozfh4cD1RVSkIv3qzvSTrow1XBOs4Xwf2jWaYreGc6c61OKGn/xt2Q+nKQO4Ztg07GiBW2LnFkmWu8OTVHwkr+f0ZQDXBMCNa3lrn2AG3LQWqOnsjfT6KbxdUQZwTgdutXtBBxz1nPpg4LIHKSL5merr8PJsOKss37RlAOds4N51VwL3gbHjt+wBfuszLAM45wI33i1pUQ/cu3oBRyMA5yTgirh1dy/peJvkAByAY2HCqoLbzKR+gJsBcACOgQm+d0XcFl7qcWuf9AE4AGe+CQpuix8VynYmVN5+nXIADsCZbYKyeHtFFm8fp7gPhLyvZwgTBHBmm6Au3pRh7eWr4sXumZ2lL92ISwVwZpvgm1IWb8peYXJB840PgdAAzmwTyOJN2StMzIzXxQQA16zAkcUbeVq/M14nEwBccwI3rsymS2Tx1l03EwBcMwK3quD2hSzeFutoAoBrPuD0jt6JL3U1AcA1HXB6R+/SOAfgABw7E8Y/KI7eCdXRywE4AMfMBNeVgaPX5sBtEQXELVpJwN3Q1u1z9VPfNxSirtrv6tuiN2HemSbc/Ckca/YKC+aZgAS9iEu9q7PCxfnPwt9vyl7h+rJBEvSuE4m8m1Yiz6/T1l3xh6jv6/dTVw35V9yWm7BrpQl7x8fHhZ9/v5JH85fudRNNwBoOazi9FEfv6TXF4g2bBgBXqwk0jl4AB+DMMkHv6J2xtBUAnOOBe/eBytEL4ACcGSboHb3frqxuBQDnaODI4o2EY71cRCYaAMfQhIqn9AtIfQTgWJqgf0ov/6IXwAE4Ziaoizfyi94piz0zAM7ZwK3qf9H7ymrPDIBzNHCr94RjATgAx8KEex29AA7AmW8CWbx9NAjHAnAAzmwTFNxKi7cpiz0zlBp2D5TKSNDbQMDpHb2Tr6z2zFTTYDij/qlE9k02EldYQYLexgHun+FYdgJua/OAnJH/PiX3zX4kxiFBb0MBd9fRa1/gut6kXqcJcAllbGtJIkFvIwGnd/Qah2PZB7jD3W2OAOdJkGtzw0jQ2zDAqYu36r/otdemgQCXTpcvIUFvYwB3/7lbDQBc7vDmdSKxHJURQYLehgCu+rlbdgcuvLbpH+Y+b4R7OSTobQTgLs90525NWeyZeTBwkbnD4vt0jjNM0LtG5E130crL80O0dUPBUer7xuPUVfuCoS5HmjB0dXFxdHREzoJ+eWRNK9QGHHHqJAfsnqAXgdCus0Lh/LxwrSTV/fXXqljsWoBLkJ0pN/vJMEHvPpE3PUAraYTbp627F2+hvu/KCnXVlvjeAL0JfWxMeGK2CX+kse3o4lpdvFlhgtIKtQCXjZPPG0Ek6LX1Go6EY32lD8ey5RpueoR8Xh5Fgl4bA0d97pbdgdtOfS++9yWfIkGvbYGrCMd6ZQnz5gDH+Tdld29LUu5NJOi1JXB6R+/Egi0edjwaOC6YyL5ZDruVsQ0Jeu0HnO4p/cT1JdeYwGkNOyz/IAkJem0GHFm8lRy9jXUI5+MF4CwB7m44FoADcMx62+jcLQAH4Fj1tmE4FoADcGx6+50uHKvk6AVwAI5Fb+sdvZpwLAAH4Mzv7SrhWAAOwJnd23fO3eIAHIBj19u6X/TeCccCcADO1N42OncLwAE4Rr1tfO4WgANwTHp7lSIcC8ABOLN6uyIcy2rPDIBzNnBVzt0CcADO7N6uOHer22LPDIBzNnCuP1XP3QJwAM7M3vZdFU6rnrvVTMDtEYl8B61Ent+jrRsPuKjv6/dTV3UF4h0NY8Ll8cV54bhAwrGuL+3fCkwzQrsUibOdlJIDodtoKwfFGG3VTq+XumpMDHbSm7DCxoQMTbXQ2Vmh8PP8Qs2ke9YZqrcJD28FTKkNO6UqnrejciZdn8WuQKzhnAwc7blbAA7AmdHb1OduATgAV3tvV4ZjWe4KBHBOBm5c95T+26nlrkAA52TgKsKx/nNWFnQAZzfgKhMseAAcgGPX2+TcLU04FoADcMx62ygcC8ABOEa9bXzuFoADcEx6Ww3HKp275QNwAI5db+vP3dI4egEcgDO/t6s4egEcgDO5t31Vw7GaDbiB9XKvI0Evi96uCMdatNozYwFw5QS9mdTy7GZCyUeDBL1Metvw3K3mAq6coDcYHpNeR1OybUjQy6K3/x2O5XjgNAl6n6b2i++7OSToZdLb95671UzAaRP0ZskUm+SQoNf83q5y7lazbRoIcHGSiWY+gQS9pvd21XO3mhS4wWGylEsjQa/Zva1z9LZX+UVvMwFHNB/ZR4JeU5u69/Ko+rlbTQ3cmpz5yDBBbyuRN9pDqwDP99LWdce6qO/74gV11a6Yu4eJCXnamv1XF8enp6czZK+waIEJUiuss2mFmoGLR0Ly/yQS9Jpmwlnh4vxn4QfJpPvDOTmCa07QK2k7l1B2C0YJevuIvCN9tBJ5nrpuPrNOXTcYpK66nsk/wIQOs024Ojo+Pv7595uyV/hxZYEJTFuhNuD6IipeSNBryuplXJdJd2fcsgWUPddw7lSHegkJek1oan04VpVzt5rVLZIsdw0S9Nbc1HSO3mYGbloLFxL01tbUvspwLA7AVQKXPUgRyc9UkaC3lqbWh2NdX3EA7t9Cgt7HNrX+Kf3HP9b3Nn7x62Dg1MVb6Re9rQAOwDFraoNztwAcgGPW1EbnbgE4AMeoqY3DsQAcgGPS1Pc5egEcgGPQ1BXnbi3aqrcBnOOAqxKO9X/2zv4ria2L4yjiS9ZdmQI3NWi5FqzR4IIRr3IBC+7DqvVoIpgprjRbpWlWy196bv/8A/OCAjNztnFOzjDf/cOFat/x6zkfZs4cZu8vgANwvIe6v+8WgANwwoaaUY4F4AAcz6HW77sF4ACckKHu3ujVLccCcACO21Ab9t0CcACO/1BrizfzciwAB+C4DLVp3y0AB+D4DnWY7I4F4ADc4EP9pWnedwvADRxXZYIj1GiXCVJzl/Jb5OOGQuTUrfzSCF3CNDHz2+HFxeHhsWZt+o0hYV+AhBuOgiAJQg16UQitxtJJs3l62vygumOdTNy9nSpkuxZCU0/LaPXQjs8zPz61ovld+5b+9vos2LXVA9ZwN1i9aOVYHxl9t7CGA3A8hprcdwvAAbjBh7p7o/f1qm1mG8DZEbjucqyPz2w02wDOfsD1lGOd22q2AZztgOstx5oEcABOHHD9BgsADsAJA06vHAvAAThBwPWUYz2z42wDONsAZ9R3C8ABOBHAGZZjATgAxx+4nr5bq7adbQBnB+D6+m65ABxn4PwjW+udPzjcoDdg/kQvgBscuPslqZQpJJRG+U436GWVYwG4wYFLhNr/9abaltAON+jV77sF4LgCpxlste21nG3QSynHAnADA7ebUV7bfqlONug17rsF4LgCN1NVXus1Rxv0mvTdAnB813AF+bTmk+YcbNBr2ncLwHHeFolLpWK15HU51qB36Ydp3y0Axxe4XKoWr+eqVa++Qe/QA7fxrfnJtO8WgON70yBdyq/5hIFB76gSkeJdakQ9nglqbigSIx93dpacGouEaIkTJ82L07Pmudp36/zuxG+XYIFRuKmEQYBLrF290TPofatGxDNNjFaq5y01Of54lJo6HQySU0cfx0l5X46Pj89OVSfdqe9fbkGCBUbhxhIGAS6tWWtl4o4z6FU2erXWDW8I5VgPbv969sDml1SpA9m0wwx6qX23sIbjClxG3ezdSV86yqB3g9x3C8BxBW58pdJ+8W63z27OMeglbvQCOP7bIptlqegppELKuc0ZBr3d5VgffC4A91ufh1uYvBry4TfoDWx0Gyx8G9rZxhO/VgCu22Dhr2dDPNsA7vaB0ynHAnAAThhwen23AByAEwScft8tAAfghABnVI4F4ACcAOCMy7EAHIDjD1xv3y0XgANw4oDrKcdadshsA7jbAU6v7xaAA3CCgGOWYwE4AMcROIO+WwAOwIkAjlKOBeAAHCfgTPpuATgAxxs4075bAA7A8QVupHejNwDgAJw44E4OzftuATirAudTYza7SI3HHs8eNfdtfIx83FiMmvnj8Kx5eHio3iu8/sGQMEKX8IqcOhafXKSPgr0kwKC310n37PSi+V11x2oOmTvukBv0bqoxm71HjVmP509qbji0QD5uPE7J+vNb69x2fPH9q7J4+/fevc3fLUGOhVD43u2NglgJWMNdRbeT7t+OXkDhpkE4cOS+WwAOwA0OXPdG79NVp882gBMKXHc5Ft1JF8ABuF8Arqcc63wMsw3gBALXU461OAHgAJw44LrLsd6s8vS8B3AATn/xdr3vFoADcKKA0+27BeAAnCDgesqxOkMN4ACcAOC6+25dlWMBOAAnADgFN71yLAAH4LgD19d3ywXgAJww4AKm5VgAzjbA2cQRuvtb+r4negGcxYGrHKis2MMRWr/vFoCzDXDj1bT8ag9HaEI5FoCzNnDlNdn1yBaO0AGKwQKAszRwoaxis2UHR2iTvlsAzibA7W3fUYCzviN0T9+tVeOhBnCWBS5QfamaQVvdEfqLed8tAGcP4KJJlTWLO0JvnDTN+24BOFsA96iqndx0HaG31Ih43NSIeDxb1NzdYJiY+eX44uL4+Fwtxzo3Tw4HX7n5S3C7g0Fyaji4O7QSBgHuUtrTgNN3hLZGIfRJs9k8Pf3fB81Jl1kCHBraKmSbF0Jn8q7O8k3PEbqhxuNIgxqtS+olNXdu1EvIUu4Vmh+0vlsN1vG9o3MNuoR1cm44TE71ji4MrYQBgPMdFOVovUxa1RFa2+j9SnfSxRrOqmu4S/WynHa7vdZ0hO7e6H3ygjjUAM7aX97LV1MrOkJ3lWOZ990CcHYDznqO0N0bvR9W6UMN4OwAnMUcoXvKsZo8Pe8B3O0C1wnrOEL3GSxMAjgXnvgVBlz3E73tciwAB+CEAafXdwvAAThBwOn33QJwAE4IcEblWAAOwAkArqcc69pGL4ADcPyB6+m7dX2jF8ABON7A9fXdcgE4ACcMOJ2+WwAOwIkCboNVjgXgABxH4Po3egEcgBMG3HLXRu8b3YdCAByA4wQczWABwAE4LsCZ9d0CcACOM3Azz6lP9AI4ADc4cCefrrVumDJ9ohfAOQG4h2rMRvzEeNgCboeWeuk9PDv89OkfrXXDf02zJyaoEvyL+wvk3IV9Hzl3YvQGEh4NrQS7GvSOnjQvTs+06j+mk+6NKjJRl2pTg95OOf38I2pEPJ41Qpr78Pj4+Exz0v36L/N/yIfIEt4GY+TcWHCSnBvKQ0JLgi3XcMq9gta64b0rEGAuHbCGw03DrwK3fL3NG9FJF8ABuF8Ebnn1up/Ha2L1H4ADcL8EnLLR++w/T+itGwAcgPtl4J53fa9wztXzHsABOF3ctO8V3nP1vAdwAE73XuHF1fcKAA7AiQNOWbxpt6byA+QADsCJAk7pu6U98qa2hAZwAE4QcM+v90Hq3JoCOAAnBLjl6zsh1+oVAByA4w9cYMMANwAH4AQAJ98raLj1NLEEcACON3DPjXEDcACOt0HvshluAM7pwPE26F2WN0KeGD8TAuAcDRxng972vcILdd/NoAE5gHMycHwNett9t/5+OmXe7x7AORk4rga9z1tLt7+mWPYKAM7JwHE06F3+4716LTVyCQdwAI6fQe+LN+rJberpP4zfE8A5FjhOBr2B4M+vKm1Tb/5g/p4AzrHA6Rr0jqkx65mnhkepxJr6+pOSPE8/7k1y54XkQoKcygk4c4NeDzkyP+W6Zg9iWIP7Gu6aQe+6GrPzs9SoeaY+ns5GIpTcaDZCPm42S06NZKPkXEi4sQRuwFnToBdruKHdh7OiQS+AG17grGjQC+CGGDjrGfQCuOEGzmIGvQBu6IGzkkEvgHMEcEYB4AAcgANwAA7AATgAB+AAHIADcAAOwAE4AAfgAByAA3AADsABOEgAcAAOwAE4AAfgAByAA3AADsABOAAH4OwMXFiNyKtRasRe0XP3Y0v03H1y6lJsHxLESfgdwC3R9YzeIFfQYSFBqITwb7ikhuk/ZGZpjpw7tzQDCVaQMCJGAoCDBAAHCQAOsw3gABwkADjMNoADcJAwDMC53fTf032DoXbPQIIVJIyIkYBAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAmHt8IVKtUlCFc3kmvrmzrtaKe8zTjxKlsq1l8r7nVimGNsxzl3LlkvJcbKQRo4kwZdUYo4iwR8slmubBAkPklr4CaMwVyuXa3O0UViIlsu5I7YE3SlgCbFaBKXcZiUjMb+ZqxwklTfjUqaymUvkjBLD6eTaYkzKyjylsmtr2dSWUa6nOro+llvZpQrJHJAk5IoxOfYIEtxSMeyLp5JsCXPKQWP59EO2BE+1srgeLmQoozAv7frWoul3LAm6U8ASYrXYTbS9RVwxyW+ath5NlZXf9lKS8bhMxA1OQivyx7ohVVyulyvymWNzxaAIMFRWDr7iowmpe9IUCYHS1dyyJNxPT8svK1vUsbhTXWNLqFSV10KdLSFXuKMoHTeVoD8FLCGWC83GPBMyxzK7E1V+23hR+StvyiC1pL628kq7yvtYST93Rf3h8yGSkMVqI02R4JKuLkksCbWs8prPUMeiWCdImFcPEc+wJaTVi2l7gI0lGEwBcywsFmuaya97m5Wq/rbVafXPVf1LRE39qG2VXXfSDfWkoL3pPRlqV8ogRUigOuZKUyT4E1enI4aEjiNjw0cci9w8RUJS9d3LR5kSOj7LYwmWBJ0pYAmxWqi/QvtzRkzt5OWyumnywqk95DmXu6D9ZeGd7sVJTf2c2qMIyQbVf2RJmMys50oleRXOknDUYr6ejVYa1LF4mWpQJPiUa6Jf2mNK2NL+3ZtmSdCZApYQq0Vmt3NtvU8Czt85ddeLZtlHrXVZrJORMV5hXC7mpThFyHRBHWumhOh8Ob85lku1DsmS8KC8l6jVYxnJTRyLgps2CuFSslJJlipsCX7tPF8/YEnonwLqdFgmyp0P3fYYCbjN7b5Ppl54E62VTrDzoYsa3kRdJqR01E8Q8jlxpALHlFCQTRZd46kxpoTd0rZ8mp1Le0ljMan8bPYoxArVUqla2CWMQjWvrBgKaZaE/ikgTod1ov0RVCKxRwJuXeqMfdlkzy7V/jCHap2FXd7kwP6k9JAtpFDRriZMCX7V765eYEoIHahm2sESaSyUe0K2hGBiUc5L5Nij4Eu37xA+l0MrLAn9U0CbDgvFfOduKNUgARfQLgDyDZgBQUVJ3giolLru7Iwjm2UKyWU6yxeKBGWNuMKUUDlQ3+ykKGNxL63c/zIlpD+rh00H2KNwVEoUthN1P1NC/xSQx+L/7d3xS+JgHMdxj7v8YRDSkUnnMQkphxAXjKaXMRMKNATJsh8C1+/9aKD//rnpZl5b38fd9EzfL/rhrKXfnufjnmfPNm9dXPpl5lQPGsr+ivmPqGGyZv2edMtu8PYzbkN3L/6cJm9Khez1LwqufqFQk0rIBv1aFkvYL89m6QptcepvIpRw4L+sbnakEjzp8STg2ZZKCOkCuTvWS9qfdJ7VFQMXrBBZ2fDtHsq1oIWnZ1wa4YtEwZvy271UyOPxRP/4OC+V8OI/VdYQSwiWKsbbKrSF6b9FhBIeg1ezXqQS9K4ePKdQQkgXiN2xZnR7MinpGV8VA5c3Xiez4mbEqGPNzuudT5utehq6aaeSC4bUlFohFZUS/MS7LyuUkKpOFyK6KiXofX8fJZVgTadgB5ZcgnE5ncrlpBJCukAqZO00LPdP065PlZfszq81b9z8GXHcW3iz/7C9/fxFM+JkdNf2pjpn7hqAWiEVlRLuJom7cE84SCU0jOmJ3J5CCY3+7L30cQnfJ4l7ck/wSSU8VBreKPxL7I6wLhAKWT9PTbNqm3LeZouS56ZdNZudiM36ZWvCnbr0rsyr8ddr5BTSsrt14+pAuZCKSgmp2n2zWjeq3v5TKmHPdretP6qUcGLM/i2UcGI2d3aa5o1KCWfWddc2buTuCO0CoZB1HFZriw7/ezVdedvO7Yc/zj5/eY1TiFBC7uu+plpCaj+vLaGE9N1dWrEEffc5u2B3vH3xRboDAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABbQc4qiFs2EhIzaGQWDHC2FObpzJHBCf2+YUTKghTGvKGWmGDqgZhRptPDGGvj7pNLkccl/PEg+cC1371USDMYbMY3bXMGsajoIOv7j9nIC9/cPHCfkqQkcgVtS4Frv0kXgNj9w74fUVQXucPzy7UMCt12Ba6t+N/nAeYetQwJH4ITAxVsWeRe40tzxCoEjcBFifrpJK2rXR+AI3Md7OAIHAofPoFUqtVS/m9gczol4VgK3+TTvS+27CR2lasVM+LN6v0XgkGzgcsNMVOAywxyBQ7KB8y5Rigpcpj0icCBw+L/0fzloYEjFMjLJQQPCDlJDF0A0aVkk5hIMyyJg4RefIHAl6darEoFDgoFL7opfAkfgVhY4jcuTCNxq93BcgLmNgYtxiflIuvdqpBY4LjHfysAtfhNNYkep3ERD4FYaOG4T3DbxboSOP6RyIzRiiHfQoPFRD4gn5ofZDNTyNqSBMSfu/0mdO1LJW3tECyMZKh9I6PRoJwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANscfD8BB8CbrzksAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

`add_scalars(main_tag, tag_scalar_dict, global_step=None, walltime=None)`
[source]

    
Adds many scalar data to summary.

Parameters

    
  * main_tag (string) – The parent name for the tags
  * tag_scalar_dict (dict) – Key-value pair storing the tag and corresponding values
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    r = 5
    for i in range(100):
        writer.add_scalars('run_14h', {'xsinx':i*np.sin(i/r),
                                        'xcosx':i*np.cos(i/r),
                                        'tanx': np.tan(i/r)}, i)
    writer.close()
    # This call adds three values to the same scalar plot with the tag
    # 'run_14h' in TensorBoard's scalar section.
    
Expected result:

![_images/add_scalars.png](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAArgAAAIQCAMAAABdUe2eAAABnWlUWHRYTUw6Y29tLmFkb2JlLnhtcAAAAAAAPHg6eG1wbWV0YSB4bWxuczp4PSJhZG9iZTpuczptZXRhLyIgeDp4bXB0az0iWE1QIENvcmUgNS40LjAiPgogICA8cmRmOlJERiB4bWxuczpyZGY9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkvMDIvMjItcmRmLXN5bnRheC1ucyMiPgogICAgICA8cmRmOkRlc2NyaXB0aW9uIHJkZjphYm91dD0iIgogICAgICAgICAgICB4bWxuczpleGlmPSJodHRwOi8vbnMuYWRvYmUuY29tL2V4aWYvMS4wLyI+CiAgICAgICAgIDxleGlmOlBpeGVsWERpbWVuc2lvbj42OTY8L2V4aWY6UGl4ZWxYRGltZW5zaW9uPgogICAgICAgICA8ZXhpZjpQaXhlbFlEaW1lbnNpb24+NTI4PC9leGlmOlBpeGVsWURpbWVuc2lvbj4KICAgICAgPC9yZGY6RGVzY3JpcHRpb24+CiAgIDwvcmRmOlJERj4KPC94OnhtcG1ldGE+Cs/ZYE0AAAAJcEhZcwAAFiUAABYlAUlSJPAAAAMAUExURf///zy87MzMzPPz88o0Hs/k8fTW0s/Pz+fn5xF4uNvb2yuY8JmZmdjy+6ioqAAAAPba1vb8/vD4/NLm8sPe7v79/fjm49vr9OHu9ufx+OXl5vP4+4i726m+ykyZyvzy8fz19OSZjs6wrPfh3frr6PLMx81AK8fHx/3+/9dmVuz5/uP2/Pr9/r29vi6Iwa5PR6urrD6Rxeuzqt6Ac73R3mur0/vw7t7s9VuiztXo9LPK1TZqmbS0tvbe2qbN5Xmz1+31+pbE4NNZR+rz+Rx+u/r6+6ZCPNpzZLTV6oagq9jp82LK8NFNOf76+eTx+O7AuYyMk2FgalxbZc7u+/339+GMgPjj4OimnB+AvOLj5GzN8frt60pJVOLDv4vW81dWYb/K0Ea/7cjKzUNDT398hdnY2Z3d9t3c3XFwefno5u3t79DP0q/J0uj3/tPS04GCi7Pl+N/g4vn5+fHw8cXr+nZ1fVjD7JPa9Ei24GZlburq7K6vtJWWnIeHjp2co9TU2Nm6tbe3vKOjqcPCxsfb5+7e3YTU821tcsC/wzSv4xqGwsI5J8ff6JGRl9ry+9Xf5aCgpWlpb970/PLy809OVnp5gfb291FQW2asxpXF2c22tOvNyUdHR6emrLfDzFihxM6+vajh97Q8Mc/Hxo6doj2453LA30/B7NjZ3HfR8rxFNsfW37zo+IDE3mXB5MjO0s2loOfc3C1uoVWz14Cuyp25yXiithWAvlZVWx5zrLJnYefk5vLy8ubT0abG1TY2O81INLl9e6lXU9/m60qt1lerzZmYn22JpX7E8c17cODLyT6h8j2LvXClw2OewLVKP/DZ14y0y7iNjVOWwaTW7KSDfsGcmtReTJ/K45Fsc86QhrHCzJinubrV4MhhU9uhmeu4sMhRQEZznl+y9B2Kxs3o8xISEp1gYGSn0XdSY8xtYfDn51JggikpKd2ViiKTzcGpq9nEwazX+durpemso1mIrZ2Qjy+a8NXv+4eDhL3c7NVrXJpGRi+i2Ceb093x+RH2g9MAACAASURBVHja7J1vSFVpHscf1KMV4bll91rX7OrNskBdS6xxu9Zko0ZYqWgZORRtUSo0pPiif7ZWi0HIJlvGWs5EvendVtRSs0XBwECxC7MFzTBBxb6QgaVgoH3Ru/39nvPnnuO9516vc/9V388bz5/n+rvP4ePj7/mdf0IAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACxkxEI1OMogHRltLzXvuFgRsYo/7ysqjNweEB6Ujoyoe6wb1FVtRTigjTG2/yGLLWLO/oG4oL0pkXVsIm7V4W4IL2hsXVi7xu7uD0qxAVJo97r7RPdgcpM0e31apv6vF633JEpxKGjg/vdoZ+63HLGzXpaxK1/qKoPreJmllZmZOIAgwRNsVS1f4RGygxB1smSgLirqvvkjuODEzyIXt4x+UOaynZxm1X1/UhQ3Fl3+aMTAzjCIFHiSqS4mXZxJ/R9D91hP2oTd7+qvqm3iGt8NoBDDBIm7uX3s7vDiKuqQ+Xlhx3ts4rrvszuW8RVHw5nDFMW/BCHGCRKXO3/eRhx5Y73lANEFXeAJBdWcd/00c9uGnd7cYxBYsQ9LxzEvWu0aI0mrndCnci0iXvQaDILxxgkRtwhJ3GHjOz1fDRxz6vqoLCJq5XDWlQ1B8cYpETcQ9HFrdQHZYgLPiRxKZWdmOEmaCJX6nZDXPBhiHtAteGGuCC54vZNT9y7EBekTtzz0ldNyNjELc3VIfcv5FYiVQDJFLdfr9fOVmOenBlgcgaSL26AhH0fmN2qQlzwIYkrT9TqQFzw4YibOSIv6Dp3QJ7uMnfs4FNoZwIW9PadquoNETdDF/eI3HDYOIUGQALpPZHTHX7PG2vZAAcKfChAXPBBMtoXBLc1AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACYDhkmOQD8ZpIvbm5zbN9w9uzZsX2gsjK29uWV5QiQmABjfr//Gi9cyyKuWBrcePzyEW/LChQWFu6eRoDkP24uNze29iRubB+I9a9xRs4MBEhMgGxCvrhxKylaZ2vhoV11tHVMUZSCxPcA4iLA1AMUkZwuuV5FirbbWuykfe209SmJuwziwqt0CsBybpPrTaToVlsLlnp7VtbZbxUlT0BceJVOATgdKJELnM1OakL7lpC4DaeVfIgLr9IqQC3JWcQLNLRmNU5qUiuT3KsNY8oWiAuv0imAm+dmcrWRxN0+qQkPx1Uk7lNlAcSFV+kUgNPYWrnKmYJrUhNOgN+RuN8qBRAXXqVTgBJS08NrlMtmNU1uUiST3IaGhtNlEBdepVOAbaTmTl7jsldVSBtOJOpI3DMC4sKrdArgIjPbeK0upBhmzM4ek7jPIS68SqcAm425mSyG+ULa8OzsFYn7u3dLIC68Sp8APhJzMa+sDDnfa87O3pK4V7OyHr2FuPAqXQLw3KzLSHGLQ9sUcTmMxD3LA/LLBxAXXqVHgMUkrkwQlpOYS8I0Im9NccMNyRAXXqUiAM/NNvNK+BRXiHe0/WpDQ5ZGO8SFV+kQoM24NMwVrorL/GgTN6sE4sKrNAhgzs3CXajAdLGtZ3lupvEO4sKrKQQoyMsvS2QAc25WFX5uJi8ut4rbDnEhbtQAy7YoxIJlieuBed6szmFu9lrqqs/NHEZliAtxbQH21CiSmoKE9cC8ptFpbrZ1krgYcSFuFNy7CxWD1csS1APjvNkSp7nZNqmrmSmEXPcIcSHuJPILWdyaPGnu/MT0wCwqbHfMAn60i7sN4kLciBQoLO6WZVqeq5QlpAdmUaHKcTB9zVmCmSlUCYgLcSMPuCRunkxu59RMbcidRg9KjPvNnOZmxGOLuE0+iAtxowy4JK4+Kft8akPuNHrARYVVtOQLc5+kwepGM0949ERAXIgbZcBVCl8YKzzkrk5ED4yiwpII1yHkZ7c/0vOEa7g6DOJGHXCVwj3WNaUgAT0wigrFEdJX5Yfs7O3F7cWvV+F6XIgbjU1k6osc6/jLDzaIdw+uGUWFRudCV5lyU88ncCE5xI2GzGozjADVM2euWFFdPS8h4sqiQpPz3KxAOWTM4CAuxI2CrCMYAchbjXnx7sEVXclIc7MNyp8NvSEuxJ3CgFumB1hneDuzY26cezCmJwGR5mYLpLi1EBfiTi3Dna8HWDszyKIEiFukz83ancsbxhQO4kLciJRpdVsZQHrbMW/exkW8sD6+PfDrRvLcbKWzuD/od7CnTtz68QutQ8f6tJW+wa9amk+NQty0C7BBK9tyAM3bPNqYt4IX8+LZg2t+vajQFObhSwb0XW7q96WlTNwdLQNHxJGTnT1yZdf3J3r3NLdmQtyUBFjli5gpfC4DzO0wvBXzN35ByxVz4ywuz7o8EeZmy3RxS1Iorrs1IH9mdP5FiO6LUl9Rebge4qYggIcGO48vUqbAARbyKLtWbp2rrOeVz+LYgyt+TUiemy13aMPnPv6hP14sVeJW9usLeweFaB43VgIQN+kB3Hyulav/nrbwmcImLQAPuAv1zXnKL2zuxvj1YMyvFRUizc24wPGdXg9Llbgt+/WF66eEu9NIEXqGIG6yA7S5sg1qw2cKG2SAtdYa2HxFqYg45E5LXC4qVEW4QHwBfZluvayQInH7/uAOrvSMmH/8nZkQN7kBfEFv9XNS4TIFClBhGXBp7MuTU7X5ceuB368VFZY7nzfjPxdlg/5enhSJm9EvuodbW0e+50LC0WPm9qHrEDepAXxS2MVuX5cUuM0hUxA5t22e8jSpIlJJLNYeFJG4spbgdL+ZXg1TChZr9d4UiXt0+HrrqVHRffLiCSEGxs3te0shbjIDuKWuHnOx1iFTEDn/JE2rgztWKwqfRauIVw9WkbicuvKzQJY6NeI7h8o82r3AKRL35HCLVsHtudgrmgfN7ZZFiJuEAHzXgXa1lT74loTPFMSdSYkBzZPmRbpkIdYelJC4HHtrhKICl3EV+soPnuxImbgDncbQ2nxOHDtqbj9+Jthmn0Hu8KyYIHFj+0AgEFv70kDpxxFg3x+JJ8bGX3ltn7XZ335PyCUecFdY9lynHc9o2zdx6sGvz5/LL/IzifvYoc0J/jYn/v6fNWtudXxzJ+ZDFJ9UwZycHTwgxgfM7f09ljwY7/JNdIArfiL4jm9eG7M2eyFfm0t8zaPrnUm7ZNq7Oz498D99Kt/h+5LE/dmhzR76Nrc77q0hcSnw/1LyLt/yFmNp9Lwo/8rc3uoNtrlvkHsuMyZI3Ng+UFoaW/v9pfs/igD3LxF/0jf999Xb9rq6pqYHwVb3TxPdvMRV2xW23/Ad7ZKFhvj04NKNG5f4J98o+aVDGwrJJ0FI3DX8J/OvGA9RXMTd32kseVtEX6cx/B65iDpuEgN08WkH/dj76vSbEOt8toK/rCmI4Ekza/obYXoWYw/asv3+qEWFLcpG/h63SNx7vPBTKk5A7DqiLwSOCzF0UF+pPAZxkxdAvnJhp76lyrx9NmjuaqOmsDGMoTWK5lFePHpQROJGLSrkK5/ZxK1Ihbjj/UamcEiIU63adWHezkMQN3kBPOaryq3eWszl8tMcXuD7HtaFjH+KssheI5t+D0pI3K5oRYUaWceYec8QN8IZ58SJ675wfFQmCid57Vw/F8e8raUC4iYtwGZLKWylFLZ469ZGi7lzFPmecqIjTOFrLu1c73grRIw96CJxuRpW7PCAUa0a9pMm7q1b9zRx16VAXOEebulvHtmlqzrecvh468gZAXGTF8Ay4Epvl7KuLou5G4wnKPBI98XkX8Enz+TZs41x6MFiErdIRL6KvExZONPOL6kQl+ju6QuuZB7sdWoHcRMSwGUOuK6l7K1L+5/daD6Wy0xxeRL2LOR3bNKnZ+vi0AMXicunmyM8fUkUaNdSWqhOkbhTBeImIoAvOODyTQe6L5Q/NBqjr5ni8rj675DfwZe8rHWaI8XYg2wS1ygqOLXZoKydJO5CiPsJiusxLlLQEoWV5j/t7EdaommmuHksSWgALpblO10iFlsPikjcMRHhrSXMAkXpsIs7D+J+guK6jOd/ywHXfObRquzsYm3INVNcTi2f5YTJOUnsRSEF3un0wKeLG7GokK8o1TZvFwmI++mJe9PMFPhmmSyPOWl2ZS9ZKodcM8XlOyNvhwnAqcR6h8vJY+tBCYl7JVpRgS9qXDHtARfifiTiPjFecSMv3bY8ZM7D7x3lIddIcedrlySE/hI2mwsOHb+5Bx5d3EhFBXltWE1F0Nu/Coj7CYr7pXHZuBxwXcFdbdnakPvKSHF5UP0/e1cTGkd2hBsjTY8ghNkZaSxZsv5sCwnkcfRjebyDZPknY8XoZxMsW0YITG7OYYMJOeWQ3WQDAR+WXALxIRjpFh9imWTBWQz2XhabZZOsDzGxCfGesiQsBrOnzSGvfl5P93S/mu6xJIb0m4ttNFZNPX2qrvrqe1X9UQbgJk33WnTzLJkHKrEe3mpAKiD95iyXGbalP9qBIGkE7taGzhTG6vPKHIXcFzrFhTT2dJQBuHR7shxd3SfzQJkc3teAVOjlIZGQ5679a85OskkncG9ucKZQbKuPcusUcjdfUoqbR+Ig0gDEwKfRVVIyD1T0H3aFdTseieEQqdxnRzClFLgfDm/wvuepUCEP229gS/lHlOICeToRbQDKJeTK8q/nwaCyeNMlXm5MYMPae/gB0GmBm07gdm0r4M56AXcl9OBeabtRrb7E3JVygUgDoLNZju76JvJggIErkgrdTHKULHBTHHEfK+Cu64C7GK7xM+c3q9WHmOJS9RVpIA9P7+iubyIP4ObbLZfS7UmJDYMJ/hDhHQvcdAJ3aUMBFzOFkQiszCgcrSjgHoMAVyC+K9IAFvoLmEq8lgdFBq4wi5yv+BI5t2aBm1LgrivgYqawEiXc7gK940fVanWFybCyyQAMK1+O7Pom8gBGJWy5MqlAV3xJqdZvgZtS4F5SwPUyhfCGGxgm9lABd4pT3NMmA5B39kR2fRN5AN3nfa44ixyVEyf5F+m4BW5KgZtRwPUyhZXQl+Eu2qtqdXPES3ENBoCiOtEXJTBM4gFGeGVAVCpoGrePeWML3BQCd1AB97ExU6Aq/y/HqpsK05ziGgyggKwQ1fVN4gGwYbPKgEgqnOVVrP1MYljgphC41xRw75szBWwIqFzhRtuqTnFNBlDPENX1TeIBFIOHlAFpUKNH406wusYCN4XAnVXA3TZnClQtDVeBKOMU12QAOKr5qCQ3iQe4fVoZkAY1oqJnvsaGWeCmELgqp9wY/tCcKWDXN7N9DMQ3OpoaDGAc7ItgcpN4ANun15UBaaaCpnE1G2aBm0LgqhR242ZWyBSw65t5CGO8NE4MBrAF0RnB5CbxAAeHuu6AyIYxjavZMAvcFAK3qIB7KytkCpTkvlJf/Z3WiRsMYHWW14/vJj3AUc2uK21/8GhcT7hugZs+4OYUcLeyQqbgjP4CCn2IgBUe3mwyAHgaLYWvIyTwANkwZQAkNudNb9I0rmbDLHDTB1wYBLIBBoyZgjMOu54PwX2EL5gwMBnA1PN4eDZ5Ag8GcR2J64psmKZxy7oQtMBNHXCh8noMBkZMVfxoL24ehRBYZYrWZAAEYj0RF88SeABs2CVlYMyYuDhBGrfTAjeVwIUi/r4ysGKWbffg5lGUPN4tiwbwKnBneLpCAg+QDVMGpHs7Ho3rqX8tcFMHXFAGbCsDU+aNYvtpgSPkCv85LRroxUmkYTF5Ag8u4UQd1xVJBaZxa3WgBW7agAtUVw4MCCLCQjsmuZchyS3IBrDanwhVZwk8oDU67i1pwqimcT02zAI3dcCFJ3MRBoKYIxyM+gB4A5Y2GxgAZWPvqdCNyQQe0OIy947IhvFd+Tkvm7bATRtwIcDNKAOXzezTPAE385vaqBCjARwbMhe6MRnfA2LDHPeRkePwAruPDbPATRtwESdLysB5s6QFqAJgcj/9r3c/wmgAqqblsEAsvgeDtF4NgWtkw8Z5yIPHhlngpg24NKRRGaibA1KfUP5bve+TL7woaDRABOta/S2I+B4M0FZpmVTQNK7Hhlngpg24h3H0UtZ9R5hhAM9lhaf7dyvem4wGcIefExKIxfeA2DDHfWD+RWLFup8Ns8BNG3AhxR1QBlbNKSW2V1VK8W6lw0tyzQZQ/RISiMX3oMjAFdkwpnF9qggL3JQBF1NcZeCM+So4hbdc5nnlnpfkmg1AXpFfqK/O4nvAS6XvSFNs9FAFnw7NAjddwB2k6aLZLUH8ilcgVST8uHLPS3LNBrDpGxKIxfcgR9P3ZDaMaVzf70cLA/eAfn3zG9lELwXcZP/h6NFk73/76Nu7auDA1Z/8fpcM3N/Y2LivPPgMbtQa3nN7enr6unrn5xVMch/IBt5X776dBYHYm00dkfpAG8plIBVWjQcCH+lKNgtLWP/Q7M9gz4Cb0l2+37/67ODz7zx/dnVXDMD23lvKA9iZ+8jwnoPq5bpbLyuVu+cgMN8SDcCG3WfuExz+3MQR7YMFwg2W+OqP5H4Km1Cb/RnYiLubERdjy/Sz5wdVGHv/wM4bgPi2rTyAGv6d6Ldch0+g/vxZpVKZ+BtMypUNwNsPQCwsN3NE2+oDPVZ/vjB/oGz2Cn+kiVpcb+GIm8YcdxR2MLW3Tx+chj8KozttYInaVM59oYbXCsIPFHD/OsRJrmAAPnJv/fWd2Ee0zjtURvzz/E00rk8TYYuzVgIu47b99m8RuLwBegcNzBDb73wplELdrCD8SgH3TT2yVjBAFX9ddRb7iJjGlS+c+WlcxwK35YBLuL0wP551rywDP9revcMeMGnqfC2MMNBjEWFn7rbDTK5ggCJ0nUAs9hGRqNGRL5wxjdttgduSwGXcjpKBE+VS+dTTszvrwSzviBoR2lR4jQw400rl85we/SkYIEluOdg7i31ETOOKF878NG6/BW7LAdfDrTJwW6/0mpjbQQ+6SEKIi/BM2tfadLlK5ePMRU5yBQO0VaSudxb7iPgTiRfO9ENgzndFyAK3ZYDb4+HWuf3Et85rbuc8YCWWMyRICOe9JSF3K88zMzxCUTIAktw3OoO9s0TAdRosiiILflGjBW7rAHccktr9iNtC4l3LMT04zMvNpNHf+nZXqeNe5Zfq3dRikwxg07c7qGyMe0T6V0nUhmk1rv82sQVuqwB3v8d/FWhlbWmur1yKidyYHhzihekS94QwRD3LvQqAiiAlGSCoB+c7xz0iFjXKM53HGbj9vgLQArdFgAvDjHCqm4M77xRs4e8n5s7h1tr8znhAChsxxdWXZODR/xU8xlcx+5QM0NLf/gCtEPeImA0rihfONI1b8o2FtMBtDeCOFviH4+QnfPs+x9sZuTviwUXe3wu3dr5uEN0gn/wAKn7a4SQZIFwF753FPaJrBFyZDcvz2fi5Ygvc1gAuaKxgqBvj9knWI4IWSjEqtHgerOPoDaqEvmwQ3YDeOghjFCk8SwaIVghOBYl7RMyGXRbZME67AxeELHBbArgAFyyJsADpKHsGVCTuBOSu5XfAA5znySnuhgCSZYdG6P8U27HYghANoJY82PSNe0QsapTZsGU6nABxYYHbEsC9wOQpUpUdEz4DCkgL5xoWaPE8YJTghBqTByeI68cmFU31wtFIogGiWQNN37hHFIsNYxr3tP8YLHBbAbgYcKHNmodAN5H3GYDkF6Nw52t7oBU2k6jFNbzppE+yTTfHsToTDVBEDMxsjHlES5x1i8PIScYTpHEtcPcWuF2Dg6aQglQSVDhr3QED8OwuRS7BS+qBpp5g9tIjkweBAQYYonEZjmiA1AqBpm/MIxr0sWHGYeT6MzVjwAJ3J4B7sQhImC2uL0UEXFj4jJ2HutXgEHKfdoRGxTThAVNPOHvpTtYc+0GTRstt8GYlUlWiASroAk3fmEfE5aKsDRuNoHEtcPcOuDMAA37NhAIuUmH9PPYwYABCbpki8et5QBd8CSUmD86ygJAGJRDUR/AWhPCNiUJbaKJ2Olxjw840+L1wgsMbLHD3CLhdsxn/61r9z71XV2ahXUgQcjvXwiNoE3vA7Qd49J8xebBcExCuafnuGN6qkb4zCsq6m2CrWNQIWfc/GgK3qerPAvf1gKtxm8sxci91eV/t5h9Mfi16wQGA6XTkxtxEHuj2A05UMHkQvE5L/2UI76c5sWiFfLIjYhoXLRjfxAxdcAqvBe7eAJdwe2gG6rPM6tTU6tTqrD/g5muVWcgACA3b+0VKLI4H+vYDiA9emTxgMa7OV1F0SCFa+takl21CSpCjhwCwYX8XgVtP41rg7glwt24CAmaxJitCUY+voQHvpw4cbneHaRThBQ655i5EHA+4u4oV/LbBgzd4uJweqYTCc+R9RQMUE08lVx0yQQfJyB0xns87dYpfC9w9AO7F4WGdHAwMtdVei5OcwqK65njtUVhnACqmCyWJWIjjAT+WsRAyeZD31UEA4CL22qA6G3Ya0gr+BkG8I9KiRiz/GiQiQRrXAncPgNuVA+CijHBypC3wGsthtPIC7lykAeSD+sKLFpJ54LtrMGXyoP5yF06BbvAk9wK1v+kbH7iaxjV7wLv59PppC9y9Am4xo4BLuOVIOzQ0tPoA/zqSK1CPFR+0JYMB6MNeWBO0NjE8GPQ1qSZNHvBT2UsnCVly7eSlxvnEdxlZ2A4PgReu+M0dp0ndpAVu08AdyCjg+nCLCYLTdYRy3RfvkX4878dlvQF4gheOC/LGGB5oaRhqZkweFGp3ZDCdpKYvAkv85tSU9ell4x0Rp91y9aeHOgc3pFjg7jZwu1TlPHyzS+N2ZMjD8woEv80/vYdqrEAmEDIAgCoIioUYHhRrXP+iyYPRUHMVm75yY0s/Eub9U3LjHZGfDXPlBNqpm6tngbvbwIUfzvCWh9uc94VLmYxKHqvVhxDjMOCaFSRA5Z4omxmxGB7M+pWvBg/CVw2o27YoamC83NhXPsU7Iv5MU2KHg6eB1M3KscDdZeDCEzoDDdN63GIoHlPArX7mkGSvxnaFDCCV22luQsTwwCcgvGzyoIfEPr7gRj1ZYV+En41IPAXUz4a58i+Fs9DkNWIL3KYO7SI8aw8pA7idKag5VZXPkcXNavXGJMU4ieuBJPKsmRFr7IFmnih4GjwIz08e8KqzqUa0wknUCJUSHBEv3CG6TR7AW8+GWeDuMnDhUZtbUgbOtIW10qo2OTJSrbaNFOeC7YWwAaRy54yMWGMPiNjSOiyDBz7GlHMSavrKIpha5Z9w0n2ADRNHnvc6dXfaLHB3F7gDGd73ORSBW4w4//zzpko6S8H0NWwAy6bxNVN51tgDvrazQrcSDR5ww7fsm1+A7G/j6oz05xPJluKwQBgeRotmD1hG3t/kcDIL3GYOLce7kGBQfMRtQEDT0A31pUowe40wAHHn7HFTedbYg1ytgF81eaAbvv67DFT4N6zOaBpDwjVkPlGjoFRnpmPCAnfvgLvOSsIt6DYshiX+P4CvQ2lSDQIywgAKZRdCi/DietDlq4MmTR5EXQMvetXZZBJaIdYRMY2Lv0wNgdvsHNMdB+71t371vR9/69v0jx+9+8PvvvXzX/+fAfd/7F19bBTHFb/LgQ2WNvLdYfuMDZjDH4dNfZyRsX1nbDCJsCzbOC5fkS2RDwgCBKhAIBA+ktYpqAmBUBUkVxRUVAVFkZJSoSohVQshRSCUpKRCUZWqaf5BbaIqqK0U9a/OzHu7Ozs7M7unHLJz3P4B9vn23r6Z371583tv3qO8AQuZ0QYHMovVQZuUM7rhK4cLIBHAcsgS6xxhzyw04N3JcpUGXP5giv/ulZuGWn0BZ9WbXY9opHH1h9rwTEZksgC3c7RzWtnjQ6f3018eX//HwzufGhoO5Rdw6VJYWgaOpWzeq6BlLqUxX77lJYB6kUtVvoKnBhhcNWvYyDWAMILzNC2wESu1BTsseNkps76GCE8ds5OSHq0rhaTGiQPu/lGQ+/xjdMU8vZX9snDfo/kE3IFSrLZNPcSeOVL2iZrcldTLveIlgLJCsRkKX8FTA6waZhbekGuA2yC+thz6GPoSSRJawdcQoftCh6dU3yzYReNOGHCPncAf1hOTO3QGf9nQmU/ALUeDO1fRNpcxBeQ9L/5jilCETiYAdk7Ncl/BUwM0bouw8IZcA+k2CO7UtmigF6RwWSE3P0Nknk1nlIUWuG4ad8KAu2+midWGQNmo6SJsPZJHwF2FpyLL6xVlWqhf2EHQfT3zS4Hglwqg0Kjqlp8989LALKlgVvOUCqjCBEtnNgsEfemNK71ohSo79dDPENVwbJhaA/RfuicJcEfLbARvfc1al0ZD+QPceRirolaufo5iSgYHim5mMl8JJlcqgIa1BqNOVPnVABlTi4+VCuCSAppFzuqGtkZSwAy6WXbRzxAthny1On1VvQopjTthwN2J/4fWEz/3gPXykQt5A1xmcGvAoEjTsBNQTWHNZ5nMxaTT5EoFRJhBbJZm5XppwCW+9igF4KLsrF6H8PqLtiqd5Yp2yY97amlciCcrNcA08tQkAa55/eyHgcChM9avxHHIF+CWIwE1X5UlvRx4njlfZDKZ206rrHZBw3JfwUsD3JtZOQdSAVjSWViUgVbQ94i2OGCLSfMzRHAuCAveKTWQ07gTDNyyoR3k36EXrRe4HwPvmdfDJ0JZXQS42d3Q0JDd+zc1bPJ8z66fk+vLUOhzanDvyAS8MjY29n4o1HUxk/ni13Rn/S8PAcfpDWN0BvdnqwF9mC2hEP0S/UcpgHz8GHkTXZT/KtwbaqBq6CRsITe/EgrRp/M5RO99DCNEH+pzpQb0c8dCof3mB2czB84hyiFwtxzZQPmvA89brxw8av/1u93LlzbNHSf/05hZj0zAQ7Q/7UPFxZ+8k8lcH6dL8R88BDzBuuY2C11z/WhgNsyFNCyVAGyYSyHyC+7lcXLv+YVvsNRDzQV308KSs3wOEX2o88XFTqc7qQAAIABJREFUf2efrNIAWgUXXyKfe+vb9VPOHXB/NAqIPXPIeunZrfafN5rXw8dKsroIcLO7obMzu/c3dDZ4vWXjC+S6WVJCATnlnkTAprfS6fQTJSVvTZ+eyXz9wk2Kqb/pBWwkd6Qv0K65n2SpwXbyMPdKSu5Rh0Qp4DA8UJp8/iP86/fIzds7WZNonQz6cIdLqCt6yd8QldAhIv/REVJqcAGfigI3leUcCEOUK+Ce2jG8CX763g7rxeGZeeLjlgNHOaeexcxkAjqsMNXF/5Kd0yI+c1AhgAYIlsZkvIKHBrg3a7HiXzIB2MNXZPphD1V8wyvoC7t/00H2MURI42JsQ6WBPBt3An3cLcPHzDDZLosb2386T3jcsiJ7N1QvbbYUxhRCsvK/8xmZwXJIZ0iEw+EFKgFQkU4Wg/DQAPdmqy1OSyYgpoAIoxVYfps26AsIM8PFPnCFNC62f/AAbvdkAe6p9bZjGziyHX9YeCBPgFvLGdy5UgGDQJoyXvZ3lONfwQinRsMwmlQCIHjWLclX8NAA42Z2FEEmgCNMu0SALSk+55WSC3yYmVLgA1dI42IzVJUGChp3woB78BDv7A5DXtjM0R/kB3BZWphtcGUCOuyAUDv1K9bUsSDENh1w4fR4r+QchF4DM25ml0+WCcD2KXxPJnv1gI2dLugLyTBmEpcPXHE07lxP4KYmCXBPPf1T/tcTz+6iuB1uCOQHcAWDKxFQhTnbLE+RxSoGqD1c1ESAe1IpAFbzdSK0vDTgFuV+pQZYvkBMH0R7fb54vkfQF7PQsYitz23AiNX+QaUBelSup5og4D71+6fNa4gRC4/tOzj82tFAngC31DYmLKzgFhCzd0Lr4Jj2CF0z608S4BpKAdBnt919ZlKvAe7N1trhOYkARfogesjni1d7BX0hUoBrug9cYTYutn/QAVf2dZo0JyBC23eq/vSdA+5iSAuzDK5EQBSiVO1QMmaEWWhW+k0LXCj93eXuCKHXAMsnc4fMJQIwfbDa7UFvZgfsW7yCvn08reADV1hiFF0QhQaYRu7+OhWO7twH4C4BC2cZXLeACLcuR9GNXEVs2stXKHAXKAV0mP2eBUJMrwHuzbiDYxIB2CfKkYwLF/1ajRfXeQV9IWKMwPeBK87xDmiBWyHh6ArAvQ/ArYGTZrbBdQtAT2GZuc+iNnFzKQFuso8AN6wUwDLE2E6ly78GeN6MP6orEdCn2AWBPuPFAT+0QqVpG71xhQXSzbwfhQZILrs4ugJw7wNw18BJM9vgugWgp5AyzRtzLohJfCP5tRa4EbZyVrsSbbQacHuzHrUGXDJLxA38eLGVy6u6AGPYCcIbV/hU5qEghQaVChq3ANzcA3cA8xm5/HFRAHoKUaumEvgKawlw3yXAjSgFsFTIRNR1gEerQa3tuaxWagC1aMRkXMvViJ/3rMOEqzog3xtXI/bXe65aA0wjd9G4BeDmHrjlkEDewmUqigLQU+BSFFm9jvIpHyWTxw2jUS2gj5lqV/BMqwHuzeZzR8zdAoCwsBNqhf0/Aa7XSV/k0wBj/mI0tXY0T6GBisYtADfnwDWDD/0cfSQKQE+BSwpfzNC+IplM3tEClx2ZZDuobt8a4N6snjv55hagXJOBVoifM2Ozej4sgbs7b1xxX6c6tQYdULDXTS4XgJtr4GLwoYU/jSMIQE+BL+/BfIWBFgJc4is0qQXAuTBX8EynAe7NyvnNlVtAhb0m90pW9fi48wPUfBgUhfbGFdK4/fh1UmigonELwM05cDH40M8fxhEEoKfgKJLAfIVdVwlyz+mAC4HZiFhwVKcB1ml0lEZwC0DTtk5WybSGAdfzpC/4o0Ar6IYo3BgJLzBpXPPbINcA3Q9JVKQA3BwDF4MPdY7jj4IA9BQcZWmYrxC5TYB7WwtcsIztAtuq0wDrNDoiX24BYNpi0roNZbQZgFeLc9PbgFqjuiGCfAx7HahXa6CkcQvAzTVw5wFM5jtOPzoFoKfgLBrKFvSlDxHgXu17VSOgkmWVCQcatRpgnUZHroFLAEaoeuV9JkoJcFcFvIK+eEqYLeu6IaJh7SaOxp2v1gCrmblp3AJwcwxcyJcBg1uqEABRBDPcy+MrZrybvJscNzQCIJdFJMR0GmCdRscS4BKAoKsWd33mtzEer+FzHXR8GKv1qNEgQYODJ5HGtT5TroF6y1gAbm6Bi2d7Vzh34E4B0NrGDPfyvGabcSd59uoVHXDx7mYnP6TRAPdmpY4iStImE5V81xKBVojHaz1phYSdZtOr++pR4BoCjasHrpvGLQA3t8BlKJkTKBeqMzoEQH0EO9yLF41bGMbxu8ENyb73NbMCOQWtThuk0aDGppVXqDWosAk6SeXoEdbwyrO8M/BhbF3X4GobAy7SuJYDI9dASeMWgJtb4CIXtkiwTQ4B6CmkxGyWJUUfkwkdCn6YHNcBF87vdDmdUY0GuDdb5HBQpf2owjLaCcEfj0/zphUAZsz/1uCqiQH3SyeNqweu5LEedOBGKmMV0VmzpkYrKgbD3x64EHxgBnelatAAIzFXC52RopfIhP4mGLx6RQdccHKFDDHNrODezJlpIGqAq/wMd8IkLiTxo5e9aQWOD9PgyrCAW8MdypBrADY8UgCugIEYBdHUqQS4XctaW1u7e/8Xyx644bDIha0WMwD5QUNPodq1fx8oumwYu4NB4itc0M0KAD/liBRoZqVUQIh02nFftUxVqr80nr484EkrgEfKYKbGFbi4xmXWWdj2PtTAldK4DzBwE5UdDLVTZ1Tfoq4dXs3dvdkBdwE7bGOu9jSdheUztqgGDT0FSQ2wJTMNYy8B7tnk27pZASe327H/V88K7s2EbFpx2pfbIRFpP6p5R9NtNVZ1XR0fhmk2x5UaNNrA5dgwuQaY+dNbAK49JINRRO3s6a6rNZYFcNlEhK19UNEA2yn3KwcNDKas6mJtm2HsIcAN3r2hm5XlVtX6lI9Zwb3ZWn1VvUHl7h3JknS6rdazaxSSwfRT0koNqIv7zPeNmdaWUQPcKiWN+4ACN1H5DcNtb/sj06VXa8Q3cE/awC2HA9fuerjcoKGnIKtdt6qNeQrB4I6kblbADEUcyFfPCu7NhJxEcdq5TZBM88QWAtzN/mgFsNt/UmpAh+v1vUYbow3nqnPtuYWguwBcHI9oh0GA+ylnbJtnV1dXt6ZS5u/rqiP+gAsuW6NJaBF3ssVdD5cbNPQUpF1IqKfwHAHuBx+9Pc0DHgucxyAUkf6AdZZW6PckTjt8ZFTV1CfxajptzHMmmKmfjEUxVLii4/VMcA8F7mbgOtaqNVDTuA8icKv6pkYNI/qpBdLmDy9Z9nDGsnZ0eJujvoC7zQYucmH97i0MN2jgKUj7PpE53fOra9TkXv3nNA/WaanzVKN0VraFA2afZ9FWCtMOhzBFjo13hwhwS4WwsZK9Yl6MClfUs3o9GHzTsGjcOrUG2KI1VQAuMR50ML4x/jzb2oxFeZ0SxNurRuh2+QAui1/uNrYFrETcliluttMWgJ6CtHtOmHgKz31AgXu9fprH5j3mPKsgm5VG5sDYe7Me9bRrfEkwuBS4L/Eruxcf1qzCVRM1uMHgjw0aqOGYYSmu1DTuAwfc5dTidbw5+ye/ZdhMdbl0quog0AXXt9UbuBGK2yd3N9lcWI8kom8LAE9BDPeaSNsbvHb2STKt16b822MP1AHTGVPOSiLM1gHcm4mnF4Rpx6PpsxVd1IiVpMD9P3vXH9rGdcd9wj5a8IHPcdxmTVznh0GRREVjmqQmDR0rpI6WpEPtFlQmJNOJdVhEA3ESaxhsYFHHmTz0l5VBFNFIRkZWCm5sSKhpEht3MMdNZ3dxB10pHi4lkPyzMDrS7ft97+507+7dKd5gdPHeH1GwTt973/c+35/v+97rbmq0RV017dgzO1xlpSByGJU+0pJ0DriiFb7t/weujCLc8vVzZ84Q4B7s4PHkhuHq+JLiur0RcCE0CypCytukFeL2cBSu4QXUU+DfJh2XFADuYVS5/iONYiAfU9ponRU5S4D7er1YbZ/9tKsm+SRPnIjClfry0tD+hmkFtVQHLdaOx+xc3DAJQItD4lb13hJ7XNmncTcVcN3bSAIMYYvA7eqw4cmN8KZK9+STzsDFUKMiQKyh58L28kqo9BeonkIXtwjLm4S4rDAUwryC46Vi1Mk1ljZaZsWdo563GpuZoyrTtD9hr9mows3mo8Wre5oabVFXXQ5k79ZjNi4uUbiCEBpi0rhcXKnreS9vcuCiDwCwfWkGYLs23OVUW4Ua6PAztjq3Pmhx6rEJSa0Qt4d7+an+AuopWJd7qRXNCELhlpggvsKJBhb5OJMDsHDgVUNGGptZ7tczTTtdWe3gx2aocKtRIXN1d32jjV0AQZGG6atFPq7iqsIVhJ+zHgwPV06u96YBrg8DBxJ3AW7vEqg58IQA6+iyQ2590LJSlcxCSia5sFeJwt1rP2jUU/gutyRAxmi7cF48jipp/bXGiX6DZTdzgLmOYKaqxWb7zL0yLVrTynabYlwPwa0wfuOFxmkFKgHI3x/5uMqpClcQbu9mdmU4AJdN41YrSjQaKt7YJMD92Q0VtojbBzBuVWeeELktB22Qq0+7rBk+RaaFuJ3826a1F7xIPYVnrcccYZgHMlAqvC/+ooJ5BafTjujpCkYn17wbE3CbGAceu2mGzlJkwAJX3WdwkNctVLhVwmSL2DitQH0OVN1/4OHKTRVuFBe2a28ycsDDlSFm1OxjLqTiPpp/1IF7bP+e3Wgwf/zxT39w586dL764O46MhxvwhAFty5d85KrTDtMgBdRxzNJcWC+/1lp7wQHdxlsWqIAWeAqlW6L4WBHopR0T/fR0BYOTy3IAnncQJ7hIYrMfchQlC9xt9UJLy4Kvz4vRJ7ZlMCj7GtSS03wYukIvcXAl56QkykAsjhyOMiVrdsDdxvTr75q+xv48ysDtfhMwe+JHvX/C6ATaxJJ/naT4hUwDntwG5PKB254lWAPhJ7OKqs1G4WovUK/k4yz3AjxQRQrCeVG8ii6DsOCk2I6bnVwjB3I8KxXJBKdIbLbHXBpmAa56XAwnNvPFJQ23Qgic5UYn3xnyYaPctQeUJ6VJho/SbSbW482BWt1e75esCIaWfFSBe+zNNvHEa3tVzDY3j0z4/esLMGQI3anOBjzJ6I9uOcjL58K0y56cFIwRfRtCDVkj0XuvzbyqL1A9BXNhmA9oSTFiB4QhURwi4lCaduCw3ezk6hy420EEqqodSKmxmRVuLHCP6gb+GTYVjK5yTANLVGycVlDzYagj+0zDCeKUzBB5SjQ1EaPCxIx2wGWSHSkjboXAIwncrftf6Nl55IM6aEHXvrGAlQDCfIHE7UdOOPNErhdpedayhuaWRyNnpWSxIqjuLTF874ttW4nC3Wc/aNRTYJZ7ZU88J1VjFQpbobIfgUvsqTC5ASeXvMDXDrSSOi0ErkiqXq3liCxwaS6A2TnsQ8mUpGKF2maCuEudlpoHm3AKO5ZvMtDyZqVEWHVPFfiTBPRKSeMmNt4c0NtQDcmOKANcIfjoAffYns97v08RC3p2dXVhoTCncjtXKKziJ2qhHkeeUH20HCXIpS6WDDDz5oKJcFnRhzCaJYYvfVnstFW46gvcdOGALvcCLY83l0ykMoH6dISyx0TxIym7XDJ7Mxwn9ykdarIciXhzVZYWAre7vpNopz1wn6oXrG0HlLUDk7geWAxrDjz0pAb/zu7WD763a2rRA+Yn3kMRR1rZajFcURgLv/UAGpWKUaB4c2BM47phwJIsboXYowbc+1euXb++vn7q1KmbhQJRsqU6t+n5e734tyWE9d42J55IBq3j5OMzM2f+6gXFmEiFQwF27AIwDb4YvGBRPGYtIGcH7XvgehyV/zkD5MJAqhIYZ2llsk0k8SpJZ39Jel0JOjq5cguQWqsmYuGwopiUUQiRkVJjM+sBoQxwQUC3PCF7uoDaMikZQswa+wYSNAkfzz1EWoF48fJtINUVTJDxYjsWTWFZR/cBkkW853C8mioFz8vt24FYGZkMKCbgZr7twP2ta0Ot9ZRg26LlfOSdczgC16kP8dUFl+vQIQuNgYGBSCQyiO29tbvfPBg2IwPb+GSEPDyL2xZ+5foKrzXl9Gdg4K23IpG+vsHZfL5cTg+XuD0rU1oXdu0aHNzxa3+aeYORGPQrn89Plss1ZdiGy1rehUibxNtML7jITU8slbcPva3Rgn7RhuuJl2fzZROn45OD8OhltFX3XK5PcNHXxWUygsSADvStNsxnUsnThy+8PUgE49RI86fq741zoNEiXCrpkt1kljeCikP/NeDW7/Jt3WBb4POZnhrrpw9gCdYrS6r3u8L89vRFaP1qm14cm0rziZV0Yq2t/VMA3LH7SO0Kj9b09BjQsR1/htb9lRX8yYQ/bej22OIYaVNpaIJzU2mNwX/HVqDdb13BdArTr9MGHnVez6zdfWAmnp5XO3YRvpl7hdIasdAixJBLrXccXtPzi3Umf9M/Rv226yvmAVNHy2G49Da2IVT8DwD3b+a5hKmf7jc8gKN2c2VlgkJXAxszm9OL83YQAXLTF43vuwj05tJ+45ye1hA774i00tT8WH8/03kK3CvN/jlhYy2NtC4aWSTAbW29Ah3zM/3itcKwRQIMXF4EWZ9buN/aigNmoTVtK9+q5C32nzbyCMDtnzd8SUgQuG6I4+lvJ3D/fVehS0jPDQ+np8rl/OxshPNEHj02MKOf0lTZB5+4BiKDhpYvG8ylLvrjtfJkHulRQ6u3d87P4lMIXGL4BtBigpVT7Ie8RkgN8np/btf5wR2XPwZi6+XoQ8zecK02OXnrsplN4irg/eQu12daxyKaVwAv2GHkd3B7je3eZN7Ut7duAcZugltF7jpHWuqAgV8wbsvkJB0vK4/n8JfjDw9RBWnNzpZZJ8b17XQV/vMFiK12TwTR28XIReylubJzUr3FQgwuoCmVb+6uzXTZFXh0XiV59bnVCUwpeKqm0MZASQnFHqytnTns1PvXxe9IZ/tGST1XvBjizmMgFKh9+OFyMKhlcq2RRwpkKVzfA9dGEql6O9t3Fjcne70ej/zilnC6rm0DqUSW06tLfQDcwk/UtIJKKxmrRK1cppVUbGrtzOPbm9x2PL6AJ0h4f/dGA5FUlFoqlgBS2rqIh/m+uimKbJjmRb6bnsZl2s8/aJ6g54DTgDplxBwArbiMtaqYeKoXerDAxfMQYqrdCyl8fTEZSyS+1jbnnnTs26tADoALABl5l3QpkQhjS0FLBIPBrJ5kfr5eXmCdFQzby2TdjGSX5ZxBNHPe0cgN/TSIahpEitqWStLuUJRLfSGhVPgzTSv8BYlUM2ZeQ5VYMtnhVK+jNcycSNKJZn+BEz6HQqlYMRiUDYUPus4wJsTCTZsPuHGFpK9fxYWlnt/7/eRU2qzXE8wYpiGWjGvLN1vcXcY9CyxwO/EEGhujHsrEEGk4aM/rB9s+59y5NgLcfepFJoizuCxz804+PZNrD9xucqLzPzRtm4t7ZIaDeAhtCrhDpW9mHneY9r4U1lySQrOla1IyzNiUALApG3OvHXa716glpMDdibKJSd4ANKWciiWDQdkmjavbSl1a8ptxe7onoCbCd4viDekcngM+8dnTsr6iqGTq6+A+XL850I5G+Zl2DnCP4VqXlJ83W3OYy7hh0Mg6nJu/Z4dtnUNoyZ9GOzAKBrXdZ1uH9aJermAPXHquDjUoOY/PLHoJ6gxFM8s2py/pwAVlVyh0N/WMLK2/YtC10UosaF0a2cLd4qFXkIgiClJv8wi5HUvKxmUeruqLGcZqXOI9BVKjm/JcBU9YW3fpvAEDd8g/ApO7GtVy5KyTh5v7W9pR8DXrxwC3kwD32tLE6qIaM4RiZjcRBu1J/UDmZxt0bj8Bru8KAPecV3YqZzmulyvYAreNlIYt4U2rRloaBynqe9e8vKtQWeBK48J84eVg8pRBRAOx7L/YO7vYqK4jjl+bZffycKXdNTZ2wF6Dsbv+EBt/BGMb23w0gDAGEhvbfDixUVTJoC1Om0KTSk2rNmklUzvxQ6M2wnxUTQtUSto6Dy1qJYdQBKKYj6pRRdRWkfpQ2gekqhKqKrVnZs79vuecaz8A0u4+RJgl9p4zP5878585M8rCmIBXChqqGsb9yHymEOrd05poTvfOwKYKiXSuNgSpO2HmXfB2efsHWyKZm/ywHU8E2aIo3W2nfp2bhgXkRmEmE4m82zc+/rPJRPCmFVlznjYrPlwxglv/IJOZv6ass+FOrhDcEqiLmYejOxuQOXuTYqAdRYGjUD3gnmfgOiW68+MJwS9UmbBfKb3WErgXJuCZUt8g4MpxDyjgO+UouHA95oDJrfHDNdVzpCAe7xNV2+xONlrOgnPToBli3GDHY6QWZxukgzdtE14yWC5qFeOOuTHofz2TmahR1tlwJ1cI7kEtTs5y1m/2BKWv/4B8NMpIQ3DPMnCvyKnVzLvznp58ntcY1G4ycJk3ZNQLudpqf6c8uCaKEJ2OatQ/6X9vrFkzcxrU2q8eiwuNsXTlcstZcGwaXpFMfcAe6xPxaasXk3/TqDDsmaDxd/4DidSqX89Lr8nYzuSQBNxKbZDhMWe15XOYnbgd/Rv5HNJnO/sBI0Zfwccc3JunxB1Z+Tk5K2qfB68qBLfwAszGSgi5ctT2anlwObgG6mHUyCpdsubT06ev/Ljg6oVITXDlUxs+ly1nwbFpcEWyKgWyRDO0bTQEm1aIxSfJZfJjzfxlmARwJ+9MSCc5lpJdyckVgqtpzeyzPZhO+82OEnFP1m7i0SgH1zj+y9nZnp7uYxnZJQiu092WucydBC77YHPTYq7ogyXz4LrAJT1MI9ZmT7PXlVMRUTktHiNLtybXcWfB3jQ8cCub2dnx0ZE6nIIkMLs1PHpdiAW04ol7Rn7bYJPzopgI3E5N28X4KGzwmx2l556Ep0JSBq5xGdSAwoz8EgRpAe0yPSyK8ewfQT6XtO0LkHHz4BpcD0Nw34Qa3ZsznU1icksxPjOdBXvT8MCthhTGg7p6s4dYwKbdw9MjTGhmgTu5JCLtXN/gLP/2W+UVBLdEK4kwPgy/2U8WcDff7rC4Smb299nqWrHZf0Z+CYIm/V2UJFp6HeCmxVy1WV3W8uBakY1Behj085gGheHjm0ejUQm56SKMFLizYG0aHbi1kQnmrNUbQhdXO1wOkRRmzZIhFrAbwM2qxpXbjXaHAqwyDaEmi832RMDF9Zn9fUggjCasKnJFbGaCC6naP8t7K9BBqUvCUJwUZRhzDNzrEq6CZdzcBlczSA8DcM/iI/OngOCAmFwUc1eSs2BvGuSMq9j/NIF6pOENgazXTDlgX6HOmvEfxsCdbFA1AG919E0KaMEEwSaLzfZFIJ/tM/t75m1Dx1S9pArcSRQD7st7K1CPaF2ih0GTtQEDlJjMLTFXfBpqdx5cF7ikhyWo1wU7eooh+xstEZO7E71UdBasWUjQVzRaVcPAnaOEalZwwJczcJOC/jVBah0D9xIfOpUS403IoZMrAhfSDzAd2PvuDrqSZnFWpPK+YzFYXxTSNX+RX4KgzIh+V9zuEidFTRuM23kJV3IZN2fBJT0syVsHtmuailyMz8rIWWihTcPcwxj0LKiZInAFZ9YmBm4bupEVoRaQPNn+bWh7vEt6tq2056VtEIDbCekHUPk9b2ZHKTDTzExXl0qn4+C2GsZDRctGAk7/vdhpxn5m9VOQZ5dw5bgwnAfXBpf0sDqq2fgBrInIXSskF+OzBnQWbtCmQWQWh+d5ZJCXsAjq+FYwcHdjtUNXqAUkTrZ/EQSBffIZpI424gJwsZcZpB88b2JRxqTDU+5WxGbM7ODDg4trvCtv2Uh6mD4r/lWAfavMFrIDt1bClVzGzVVw60kPq8Mr5idoTb3gsUbXi8jF+IzqEqmjWwr+OTa5q6VBECIXtwHmUTV0hdTCCNxh6Py4Ry6IOcoCZoLBPQh+MovN3OCmE6PY5gb/7Bhjqgb3Ei5S0VsBv6P+ofj5Avvcn/jX/PyFZglXu+3ZU3lwHeCiHjaO2UtzTf1E7h68FrFPEJ+hT/n5i7wBeXQLDXyol7m4pQzcFaiFrQq3gIaT3x3GuYsRaQDvaK01GwxuPygTUIHlfg/i0Z+4PEml+03gtqJUrWjZiGe4PiJOxVEjPs99YR9Xchk3d8F9wWxz0WOX1HFy40huc2B81qbhI78RE+7R6D4+Q5JqHoLFMHZUl5dvWh46NGOvk2eGg2bleF1hqrMBweiuv0QFe8UAZKB4uN87bpdhU2lBkbK8PRbj88mMOlXLRiROjw2J1tsfNYvWnN/Fx9VOa55EHlwnuGbt7ehDx5pgT8XkUv6MnIXNKOE2mf+OrCqM/svvhdfC4HX5R8NoXHmPOccc0yGfVZbAjQYUJjLeTwbPmdHLtudeJp5aEgBuQtVbAdub6zGhMlxJA+a3SOZ0q2XcXAU3i3oYdbZ1rmk9kpsicmtTQfFZGhkcus7+HToVu1ImuIJ8bxsDd2RBBy6zyjB221UIYjvt2R4z3veOILjgJc95wYUihfd05wN5ldKNicUSFrgKWQGjKj22QZQm5N39PUsTgNudB9etlPJReAUHjAbXmpDcOCd3SyogPivVStlT8BdXo9G/1lg+aMIQ5nvhgV4eqwhVF2Zb5bo9OrpJerbxMWCz3vf+geCatx+c78BN0YIR3cYjrY7NHOBqqkkQ2G1Xjwnrw1DG9Q2w8nKlkHFzF1yDHIU+w7Om9dxbAGQiNfHA+Oz2sl91dHxKQRxhhVYV37GZ+TBcXZhtld/QBV25ILbJbjV/1/veGxB99oEjecYDLlSPH+Bm57VcQ8rHgQVua6+qZSPeXNBjvxW5H1XYSbja4wUJwG3Mg+sFFxXcccMLrkluishtCorP9H93dHR8Bh0GLF82qaAUAAAgAElEQVSvri5bL5Q1lx6+ETr5wK1yiULvuHd4g+97F3En1xsBEbjwEXe6wYXekgX/4WYn9EsVxbi0RQTu5UrlJAhYsR5rF8l/Vdb8ze0SrsoUZcK5Cy4Y9gXDD65FLrZciDSnfPFZ2c8ffNbRcS4iTw84HucrFnjgglXiaF7FEFLKHgSJWesR3BHwwT1hI0SlPabZSSzdof61ssC9dFA5CQI+1f6YLmKOWp96I7wgcCUybq6CS+O2enhE5VkTkUtdQ5nh415ZfOnwmq//cyIctxj5Jxd44IJVIC/Kh92Kq8l5K/EKf06uBMGFdojNbnAx+TBump1yGIouCNzsdMP9jbGAkRJ+5+jlGJbZFAllXG+/Ui9X9MnE19xzF9wvFIxOB4OrrUc9t6q4iTo0rU654rOpW8NrrlGnR/VngYOjrWiBBy5YJUUjIZukgRC/4BUAXieCe8dMR7u1sOOW2al1coU6Gc22iJIsoGSFKFubiumCuIrPuqz1tD4NAnelpIYid8EdLxhPCMDlmYh4P4VokRoHusmpaPQb6N5G/ntDfeACGVs3LPDABasU0xM1Ja0m53U2AfduoggutFKNu8HFvrmm2Xkx+jp1swcT3EmQlxWyQhmBK1CyUiTjeoU+rw2KrEHsq/LgusDtO4/qazZwTURu9CA+FTFIK7H8iMHt9Hd/D5HCBRsWLV/ogYtW6cTgWyGIkZqV9FXTVlrg1mhucEexvIabPRk2NoMtwuxgKzzmU3JZASK+izFd4IAEq2E+G9gXMzbnwbVfcLHxIYJbF7wm6HEDR0PlHnP2ya7mPdXV1U3NMFZi4lyk5moIHPHALVu30AMXrTJGOr38sczrbHyXwdda4G53gztJ15u52cusoRQVarNjkuVSiJBxJYEr8E/HrJHHtRKuEvbs2OV5cB0vtKYEXF4lztAdW22N7TFf57Ztu59yNWWSHbirFnzgolX4/Ia49HSjuVGYX3IdbgMWuINucM9iVZFpdgruQsRmTnBTKlkBAtKWmC4ogAhWw7w24DKu2InJaXCzMnCpmSOgO+BB99y2j+600ehbeTYMD9ylQ0H5ATW4VP2nqCbnMyF3eJ3cuAVudcKVjD5A45q42ek+YojYDLufwZ7dwrlpClmBwBVosLQsX72Dxwa8G4jYiXl84L689+3nv/L0s/TFl7957Lm93/r+Iwa3nld0CdbUS+4CVN2u/sTmtubaxvIW2FW8DbFZdeBiGeTIIsAdoKyvVBDj0ZXXyYVGfFBq/Cd2WLvBhexD1jQ7r9IZClFGYYJLCT2FrMAcmJbDuiDrFayGeW1QprpR9NjA3Xhoo168f+87r8EX+1/83etfOrz3+SVPFLgsxrHQjUYHmz+B176mlDbFwDVdyyFxOI5UYS3ZbGwR4B6k8FteTd5GdTbr3E4uTEuDus2XmB/pAvcVPmeMzE5t5dQ1jbRF6WRd3Vb6TApZgXkgLSN6cAVEr13UWC3hCkvMZN1KHxe4rx2in/u159h/jrxzFL94+tVnHxW42C5JCa4bXYiWeuEvn7rXgmViUG2zbEh4WMHmtwFSjbHFgNtLZ5O8mpwMrN10u6ljFrir3eCe4HckyewkA3eFiR35CorpMylkhTICN1DLqgxWw7w2WGG1KXnmyQL3e2/xP7zIjty9p/gXL218VOAis+Y1Mema+tcOkLMbryJs2aYdbqGbfF2C8er2gUudGBYFLnqDKUU1Ob/qe9vt5HZa4Fa7wT3OL6XTDyDqu8NczTBXAJ+pVyUrsA/VMqMHd8eh0Wt+8j1bRN63pNzycYH76lMmq5/Tig+ZLsLR7zxycEOtqTdV2e/atCmqKcedFQVocGhsplHAiwN3jLK+g7Jqcl5nM+J2cqMWuJoLXCywsTuSUz2vuqbRsUWkCShkBeaCtNzTgx/0a4PVMO8Wkfe9QRw2Pi5wDxXbBB9921JPDy15IsH1bxr2zE2QQh78NIOzsGuImtcsDtwUuYPyanLKMMVcTu7/2bve2CiOKz7N2V5zahF3Nv6DbYwF2A7G1AYbsA+wCcj8CRDqhGLauDGQQEMFyEmjKAl/QiEFKSROU5UqQXEb+EJlqWlQqEQVqNJ8QKpoi9SqbQSItlJV0lZVq7Yf+q3z5s3szuzOzO7axtzpbqTEvts93r69n2ff/Ob33mO7qgy4D6rAFdVVuQHcvohU+lR4UIErRjutQJ81HXWleoXMF9m+SlCLrt4iXg3ETOPeN+A+w38mnqBx7iH37ZMXphC4C0Ri7jhwxQrsdzWTdLBJNb/19IRy0Qd4fMBlAeXmkM0zLKnvKEEuzGoVDLgNKnB/IAqxMwO4YVweKftYeDDPewqss/FhAFztnwRO2cHsH/UWSTmc6Wyjw3B85xuEHHnHfUkDh6kBLiutKL7S8eAKO1QTwgotaAKxStF5fTUZL3C55JpNb+tslFsVcZQglxFpDLjzVeDuFOUUmIFet7r/8shf+5xItMJGCtxh/YSJQfKDgb9F9RalPeCSbATuzK0H6f+3HnPfkH7NcuCylQ2wuWUDumgB8HTXPTBO4PIe0lY1OU6bjhLkMi0vqGmeJApw+X6vMIBi3M5IafNuIjSGLyG0QiUF7ojXzCpI4wbbYqu3CGlcW9He+wrcfSefBP7r0EvuO4dPeUefEmP6a8lYgwI39Jyx27dvs//gxYoV8Qw0rWii/x/qpuO9ZPLqWgDN947KZxylh+DpPe16cvwGkk+9TAf9CfKIf5vOhau4sGIFSH4v4Tv4sQ+gXzF9dUF4mUyuhnaPngFw4GgSPng19IpcD/glAa3wsvHs97ov3RpNJqEM0y/UIwfox/+VTALuDQb4PwC3FvT37fZbFH1MrLPkqd10fJW/OP44IvadI+7x577mnev18t3qxBrQtzVsMNTRMQQv2triGWhta4UfN+vooP9AHUPu9SHpjJt1lwAQ09bim+M04EBL0/OOA/UR/2o6F65iqK0N/kx+ie+cp59629kAzW7pK8BANx74ISs35RqAy3/AgcscCr0i14O38ZJgyvyR+e7W3drwksPil+vqEbw2qFndaDDgOrXLYcAPuUWRR9tkzbhnDvbvxd9aD7pv9s/yTvhQjOlvJGINCtzQc6r/jKMKXjQ1xTOwt2kv/Nh3AsbHicQJFucO9LzIj384cuItBuaBE/jGOA0kbpw9e/aVROIPsHlmOvdjuIamJqCU2xPSp/4H0ytcJfVyI/oMZFila4BdfuK29znbcD2Af/xviQTE3f8wnr3vRPeloQT7txepR15h1zYIbJjBABun6aXtS0AU0xNyiyKPpkkC7r7+18Q22bMuN/bid6eKx025dVnGH4JiBhrkziC3MG0A2YXmjavu4uvyccZXwsBSzBaw8f3NrJ6N40hyBRbiVnzCqS8vxn2U7/dyA7gAqo1WqMT1AHnYEFqhhsa4HUS3uEJR4/Zg2pN6i7yKZuVZFuOeecILbMnJA/yXtkNTDdz0RHCF1AKs0Dhypy2a3VO7fvkifDE7TSYIXJ4GYRXaMKUMNeBqcnGr+JEgcN8Vzd3QAC6Alkcr7+96sDQSrcCBG1QlzmW7gZpaODrgtmchcA8fkV4c70dd2KzHh6cauKkJAVcgt5kQttegjNrx3zTXAE+DsGaewf7XLsfT5CK0lgSB+7xgcdFApduXojzG185TxkJohS4K3JRuylzJaFzNxptyi3hTSVtmxn0C7pnd35ZfvvHcs4Db/iaSY8AlNUxyW1bdTNK1CnQHyskkAJenQVgzz4DVGnI8TW4FexpvCgL3S9hpSBhge27pCGk7qgdc+mNXK1RS4NboCiiZ2LAgcDGlaCDLgLvrp7vF2MqIhS+8cLj/W6fIlAGXTBJwSYohl0G3qlOgdu3yVWkyGcDltKlVaAOz/k0HN1irRIg7oygI3J2oxeUGUOWwPmJakecB17fb1QpbKHCrSTCA5uoyzXSt3CJMKbK2YM+aDIjEgWdMh+4lcMlEgUuXYsXeWPX7zrvtd1c3T/CmeQZ4XZDtllhhIStOhhHhKhHibg8CN8WbEnIDve7arCfW145RaohaoZoCdwsJQg833io0OyoB4Fbb6/vna+rO5AGXNFeXFStjy4RvmmeA1wWxCm2gHOQud3rDEHddELiPCoUNGsB9s9kR6/t7HjwdiVagwK0kwYc9a7ij0Yb5bpFXp6S2ANx7BlwVuhAzTCJwuULMKrSpgjqmRKhlMMQtCgJXIhWEvi3NO6rG+dp5lVA7rZCiwO0iQZXMPBMbFgRujb2he94CV+7aMFHgAnS7GGy71jRPxk3zDAiFWINlgoPK0aMcJWUYXDyiAa5EKoABpmmMlLajesBlNiG0AgVuMQkSWihq1FWGVm6RV/y0vABc38CCQi2TBNxJvmm+Ltdf5lnqhliBLrPq6gjXtGCISyPQn3FFjQtciVSgBoaZOGd11LK9ngczI9EKANxUUAk+18SGKbcoShJnAbhZDlyuEGNZ6qZYAZpMpHjHMwxxofUDX4u5wJVIBZ7DsSzq9oPiAX8G2GmFMQrcmmAlfNxQ0bBhyi2KQOMWgJvtwN3MN89sotxlFLhrCKbrshCXtX7wAVcmFaiBMZZ7FDXElT3g2Tt2WgESoauJnxgws2HKLcLNaHu3yzwH7oKsB65ImbTFCmsocOGZCjA8DrCC1c9HHKiiQJpMKnDg1lRF3H5QPODZO9ZOEDMBuFsC5fgwPtbqi+Vb5KlxZxeA6x8LcgW4fPPMxivUUODCGh6W4bdgToP9in9KwAU390ikAjUAecrRMtP9HvDsHTutMEyBW0n8aWdmNky5RcjU2SnmAnCzHbi8hpg12Ze1rmQP5svXYE6D2XnEB9xvSqQCJthvjJj94POA0wrWThDNOyhwu4h/gYVsWIOuJLZ8i6K0Aspz4KayH7hij7XColeAZsG9jO+/mLlSMo8Vv/mcD7gyqUBKhzpA1bYocjk+yQOxDb1Js8TyPIBiP8Qvs0E2TBsdy7coStp8AbhZD1y+ecZiBYNeYQ0F7jJGm17MHCuZA8jY5gfuZyRSgZSOUlz1Rg9xFQ84H7bOlnxcCsV+avwFbj02bL7NQLioMY+Bm84Z4Ao1uUWvkKLABXKgZ1oms6EECzz6gLtfJhVwQkxFD3EVD1CaaG8wyYCb9lf5R4akUffokAxwGtf+V5W3wEVd48IcAK7YPLPFChS4wPevv5zJ/HcuCht8wFVIBbKDPcl7ovfFlj3ABz6rxmessMOm9GqfzAbZMP2em2Qggqgx74FLcgC4YvPMFiuM1rGKUOmLmUxmLy7jXt+J5ZY4cBVSgdGslcFC5tE84Nk71qx5HkSrZCwu67SkgmwA6z3Y2bACcHMAuBFihaE6Vvuu+RoF7lUEeMvDuBrjwFVIBUazVqcjFV8KerCUb+bZFGuMtqgk6gMfP6jXlUkGkMZdbU+GKwA3+4ErYgVLHsSuOlZrq/5WJnPxx3iaD7gKqcB2ZNPrLfU2bB7w7B39IksGLoTdMnHhsWENNgNYRDKkMXbeApdI/c6zHLiiNjlbx+uXQ04dK8tZcYoC9wV8FPuAq5AKTAOzsCeiiDzgAacVlljSMvgOB1FILQyO9SIHyUBllCKSBeDmAHBFrLDYWJzcGWWz1IySP2Uun0OaSgWuSiqAXLYsToiresCZ5QZLb02+p6zKbJAN03cClgxgbVw7G1YAbi4AV4kVtIosZwhW4o+VlGzIZHjoqQJXJRV6KXCXkRghruoBl9nMt9AKCNy0KrNBNky/4yYZiMKG5Tlw9+cGcN1YYYlJ2OI8AN82jSGPXfyUn6MCdw+voc+jSMhljFZfVOcBz96psGz6om6yWpHZIBtm0Dh4BrA2bggblsfAfd2VKmQ/cEWsMMO0PHMceL6uLCm5IiIFH3CBVHjXexhD9njEGjYaD3j2jn4nQQZulUIrIBu2WD9PewaQxg1hw/IYuC05BFwRKzAqt0FrAJbicNY1aHxZHwCuQiosZIVm2iPmSQY9EDIbi5YcUyyAD/Mkv6iJN2y4eQbWuGV7OwvAzXHgsljhab48a9Qa6C0uHoZ5+Sf0jL+QAHBF8wcMcSlwx9w6DPE9ENk7Fi15qbMDq+FL7ACyYQaJg2eg2hU11haAqxn7W1reTOUKcJdyRVZ9o+lrp5Hh+xAJwwl/T/uBq6Q/kCqou7wqBovr94DTCpYUdZ6NSeRqNlhg/SE9++sZwD6tYS1V8he4k4mre26AzXGP8eWZPkLsYpECVCR9lUUALTysZcBVSYUuqHTfGYPF9XvAi4JYtOTUAxQnSs98FOcYVnSeAaRxQ9iwAnBzA7hurGBQ2lADVSMwKwOwP2VAafkKbvIGgYtNcSKnm2k84LSCRUvuFm6QVlmMDZth4KI9A9hHKExxWQBubgBXxApsQbRNZyANkcJKgFKG8UgKcOViICBi6bjZEbWigs4DOfV4hskDjFW97B1e/tRA/noGWIgRxoYVgJsjwGWxQr1xeQatdm/QM/4Dzd3xIasAd48ssamCjqWdccgwvweyWmGxyQPeAN3N3kEuosFQ6tc1kHKbWM0uADf3gcvyIGCSI9rlGTUAuLjxR3rwEwxeFeAqNG4XNDe/HocM83sgaAWzlpx6wHuVudk7OE2bBA6uAfxYGBtWAG6uAHeOoHK36YJEagCQfeccnY67cUdMAa5M48LOVMdonP3eoAecVjBryaGHIefDREYmsmEmSZlrABu3hbFhBeDmCnDZmnyeWJ4FK2+xSfDzfUVFSzhBawQu6LTHPohFhgU8mOsVe9hk9IDzYWKHDtkwk4hXAW51eIPhAnBzBbju8gym3MZ6vwF4EDf09b1aVMHrKgng7odOF/L+A+yxjfw6au0lvQfzJFqh3uQB58NEuMrYsApT2oRrAMmIMDasANycAe7MGZjqhZsQgdYfcPRXfX3nliBz2u4Cl7XblvcfQNUwvDYWGRbwQCRBPGTSkosmE2mvSC5jw4yKMgW4NaFsWAG4OQNcRp6CQoAtiRpVLtc5Tw9u76OjghNQZTJw33R7oWKIW9wdRxmm8UDQCkYtudfWRxTJRTbMqOF1DUQsf1oAbs4Ad7NYnrEpV/32ne/TY7+juP0IAgKIFXpankfuFoD7dWn/gZXQj0mGBT3gtMJ2Ew5Fn+5lLq2AbJhR3qAAN5wNy2bgzhJj+mdLYw0K3HgfaG2Nd/6B1gP3w8DPBwcHr8AvdyC0vKIY+O3g4J2ic319oyP01VswX53+DUXrw6Wlp+ngv7Ix1tHRMQLc6tWJeADX8n5p6f/ZO9fYqI4rjl9gvcsigczaXts8bPADEx4WdrCxuzaBliyUp20wj+IAIQESWyU8atLwSniFh0uBpAElyIhQ0YASVIqaWqASUVolaZWiQiKIRKApSj8Qoj6U9ksaqZ1zZubea++dYVZ7b5bdzpVI7q6v9feBn2dnzpw5/xdg01cUwVqi9Ca5h9+jq30v4k9/AzyAZQL0m2DtWOPyv8E3Bq6nXr4SH1l1q91vWAB8cIvwDlypb9u/NOBaUdFffB3RC0NvwkuYwV59FTxRAwGw8j1Dbs+wR8HB96aaga8kAmbpG4BfIWEEIEXu/4g2w8fJdxwPwIfFcZnAMvjxAlckLr7J9vLVI27cAo/RYY4NuV/avnL9+mNkutkRrRs/fhAb42psIy5Md5fQJxeREW08uENXJBTBRTb6XxKMoBgBSC3q2/cdVMMx+hfwg0sFDsAHQt+K+34iPMAjrp7j9rwgCZWJvseQxh+Raa2Viopgs9d3gVoLYxuOrtfpxBbmuKfJ7Rr6KJZpV8SZDIuNgDmjCg3YMAKaIGBNQSDtMUt8TI0L0LPp9+/GpxdnKQQuLs8gfYoFhbZkbrjoLHwGj1jFlkPwD991xgLXtv8AydXsuGrIHSPgzU9FWQKMIM+WVshh9muig8FcQDEbpsFNJXDpkAuJBay18X27kAN9Fj6yfaUD2S4r7FZ1/c4CF2rKf2wlw6rUm90JI2BpBVFJLkaQz0zfYIB/kzoMiztDMAEsasy6f7ZOg5tK4OImBM3gAgL8+EGx/7aPfmTX0pw/JP27/m6Ba+0/oGs25hQSjIBZXopcozACXmYDU+538CcXN7/hAorZMA1uSoGLU0vghc0ufVPh47r604c4xXnc2LJCAC6ci4GdtSmJRlDM9vEEJbkYAS+zgWqFq8w3UNRujAlQwx0Fo1YNbkqBixv+uH1mFMJ2K/mcrqy84TPnDSE+V5hoB3cN5Bfwm7D1LGwIXEk0Al6tIDj7SCNgZTbQpOzf1BpbVJTDBajhjkL/Uw1uaoGL1Y3VlNwRPtvFcgxZbK4Q6gnu98yZwlew8jmWaAQ8rSAoDKcR2Mps7kBSoVLc+4YJWLVh2RrcdAIXD5/RlJiROdPi9lKplU3CvEJV1z46QSDgwvmH0+ZMAZZmFQlHwJ0gBAkuGsEElp4jihFeqTBcKpBn2q/laXDTClxMifEKmzlTKbY3rtsPvmSAn3C2Ddwl/OAOzhQgR/pq4hGwtIKgDxONgJfZlAfPR/b462UdRJgAZsNCCt4UGtwUAxcnl/75OexVuPnSiKlzCi2BWhyyyFVggWs2dZ7ElmYLDyQeAXOCEHj60gh4mU0NAXeTf76sZxMTgN+sMQpJBQ1uyoGbA8T46ym5OWG/v5TMNbs3MJoON9MscGfw/YcJbGlW5UIEzAlCcGCSCjBTXmMIAfe71KnVJxWgviWTFWrXNLipBq6d3Hl4mzmrR69D8DExRhXEgpvFds2yXIiAGUwKVmdMwEwrnIu85y+U9SWlApR0FVMVDW7KgcvI9RfPL8lEbqu7CUxgqdxRUGTTKxvA5b7pkGuqwU0pFyLgne+cD0wygSz6W5RHwL3jnyc6mm4J0LmFQlJBg5uC4HJy6VU/z4jxrIFU7ijcdigAcPn+A1myfxzEY+kuRDBLujpjAqzMxghGIpE/CCtyLAG6mlNIKmhwUxFcO7nhnJ4CLJVLwQ1mj+4/l4ObRVMKFe5EwI6oO6+4mMBsllb4kIC7Q2qiSgUwf6aSVNDgpiS4Rk4x47Y6ViCPdpBh4BaMNvcfyFgMs0f4FHYjAnZE3TnHxQR4N5tfEnA/kdpWUwEcoVWSChrc1AQX2B1WXRKe5yDAUrkM3OBkE9zajOwpbL3uRgR809dxV4EJ8DKbtwm4VyTNHbkA/ugqSQUNbsqCKxagqdxR/d8gwHYFuz5aQv0fQnRltjDkUgSFstUZE+BlNssJuB9I2ukyAZoNU3Jq1eCmH7jw+Zw1chRmwT4L7vvsNN1/yKUrs8luRcA3fR2tUbkA28jLJOCeb5a5VqMAHaBVkgoa3DQEdyQsz/JNcPftxY53gzMmlpt9l1yJgB+Xd2rZywVYWsF/JxIJ3paszagAzYapJBU0uGkILiaVsr6P4J5h4M41sJcCH8pciYDZnTnunXGBCThtGeZ/L3IuKPP+pQKYDVNKKmhw0xFcHHL/SzfMqii4Z74qR26rXIzgadvqrFkQAU3MVvs/iZyLyNzWqQBmw5SSChrcdAQXP3Jr2U4vLbYJ0uuRkIsR8AZiTtkCLkALw0v82yLnv5Bs+DIBrN9VSipocNMSXEgscHDnVpjgLpzmagT8pG+hwxyAC9D+4sX+n0bO35WtzagALuWUkgoa3PQEd5IFbn+oWTgJ3BaEXI6AevM69mw0BTDBVe/3R85/LS7GZQI0eaaUVNDgpie4ZDVvggv7Dz+sCE55ZJLbEfCSXIdD56YAWqGD42WwQ+h0wgVoNkwpqaDBTVNwB1vgvk4G3A0ZGdNqXY8gzFZnDkfJTAHIh7WS5351TrbhSwVwg1gtqaDBTVNwjVwA9ySAu6RXr73vsyJddyPgZtQOBWKmAKQV7pHn3pavzVAAUxBqSQUNbrqCO7CWEHty70oT3EnuR8DbOzsc3zEFIK2wizw3/q6kGJcJYAtztaSCBjddwTVCCO6L+TBj2PtRd27dioCV5DoU2poCkFYAB7bWqHRthgKYDVNLKmhw0xbcgQju+xkU3NmeRMD6MDm4UVsCBEY0F4TpxAG5AGYg7uu3o8H9PwH3DQJutjcRwIHJxQbdgpgpEJiegSbD8Eh0olSAZsMUPYY1uOkMLkxuoSx3r0cRlPAeDzF1NpZAXsZa2GGDfeG7Q6QCmA1TTCokEdxHO19p2r15PX2xftszjQ07Dmtw3Qb3xdn97VZRLkfAD0zG1tlYAvkZ4I5dAk98USAVwK6k2YrOgUkDd1Hj1o3Gxu0tbfhi6bvPr1ve0NRHg+suuL1WGl6Cyz19Y+tsLIHBuDYbBmPyuYVSAawkg6RCzQMMbk5THf6/d8vLhtF6BPE1xj33qAbXbXDfMls1ehABPzA5p2edjSUwEtdmfmrrnicTwKRClWKX/2SBO66d3Ty5zTAaOvmLOg2u2+CusXmcuR4Bb2cT09/ZBu5vYW0GeYevZekCIoBJhQqlSoXkgdu4it2c2mHktPApQttuDW5KgWuuznrW2dgEFsFEGDK9jbJuzYEALSRTXJslC9z1T+RYL9oOmROIlj4aXNfAXYnWkp6CyysbY+psbAKwb3YP9tYisr3cQAAtL1XXZskCt3e70bq/qenQu5BI2LTZfH/3KQ2ua+BSZNkZX48i4OfOetbZ2ASghmwFTCWkg2kggJUKQ1S9WpME7qb9p5p2HDZatx953jC2dprvP1mmwfUA3JWeRcC7goR7nMuxCQDb/wCuy2VbC4EAVCpMqlF1YEsSuNv3N9IMbtuRdUbDNvN9263xa34NONgnrouAG983lJXF9/yqslUPvkDrX9Ghrw80x33Wswh2HT16dBfcQHulT50E7pEnjv6GfPVvAOUQscCPdu7c2Qpw3/Lmr8gVcLe28KG14aCxeZP5/pY9tumE9vJNRODn36Jmvj+z+fi6HwH4C78GN58TNH/vJAAevq9d7vD5zoKn74diAXD+XQbTCY/+ihICd88T5HqKTLNtG1wAAA/iSURBVBXMxdnqp4zOrebX29usZ1fwa8D+fnFdBNz4vqGuLr7ny+rKHnyBU7c+BnD7bSD/veVZBCteIBfcfAlGFE4C/yQPjI0ScPuBp2+5UGATuGXDIx949Ffkyog7tpHfHf6JMfYZ8/2mQXqO6+4cd+AMyw7Viwj48R0sV8h0EIAHiqInYH8ChtOQSGAZNANRXpsla467qoXfDWo01rfw4XfjEZ3HTTFw+fGdHjW5lgCsza4RcJsN6eZC4BgkFZTXZknbgFi6kd3UbTGM3avZi3GbNbhug7vB9PH1JALud4Y1uQ/FCkCm908XolEoIpfViAduwoZvuVpNYxLB7WznM4W1hrGjidaFDWpZq8F1G1ynGhsXI5jFtyDC3bormAJwLu1iNBrtCIPdpXgLIjAUSmxU982SWGTzypbDOFHYDq8OtkNybFBTmaHBdRfcGV6Da9bZ4K5vZYwATCX+TMC9Te7BFF1UINYbwM1Wt3VPWlljzv7G9oZDSxmqnY3PbWk6tMfQ4LoILhY0eg4uPwVhQBfRh2MEYG32OQH3LLyQtExYTsDNVTCfTjq45GptW2+96LN6neg5DW4C4L5E/jzuZQSLWQex7n1yuQBU7JZ2EHBxL78AnVOcrpHLCLh5NcKvP1Dgql4a3ATA/YFTOa6bEZh1NnhIvbSHAKzdhhNwL6NpoGREPUbA/c5C5bWZBleDm2gEvM4GK8SaewjAFPc/vmj0Gvj0GdPEtV83CbjT1ddmGlwNbqIRFHPzn0rbMQguQJZupT4C7nK0O5OchBxKwJ2mvjbT4KYtuGMouFBpc9rTCLg3Kj0GEe4mAMmy4T7ficvMGbtctAUxkICbFcfaTIObtuAaFNxnyZ8lnkZgNmLCs74LugksxpmC78Q16qJuCE+UhQi4uQXqazMNrgY30QhyeJtc++YZE5iPMwVfx3I4lUMu4RnefAJufhxrMw2uBjfhCOr5JDdsFdowgUycKfhmwjnIMYZkC2ICTBXiWJtpcNMdXDA5W+NtBCU8k4tzhYdtAmCFBu8151J/YUPYYGk6AXdyHGszDW46gwvWko+TP295G8E83hYEe4jR5RkVAKSxBSk3o8ZJrkOdzcgMAq56aZgGN73BhYrGXt6Di+UKtLxmJj/sSwWK/f4F2A8vxDx9sc7GIZM7mIA7PZ4prgZXg5t4BE/z7gqYyh1RaArwmQI2YsQtiJBzMXk+AReYLjc0uBpcE9zRHkdg7fritu8CLkDe/xdbr9XyXv4VjimvXAJulfLpBw2uBtedCKy5wnDWKRcFyEg8k+2mUWtUg5YrxOKZRcCtUOvorMHV4LoWQZhvntHds0omUI+5MCy8QUMdeOB/7Z3Nb9vmHcdZK07UBAPyxizVmjZo16jLosFDsawFjCIDqsuKdCJTbHWnhIBNz4KEWJM0DdCbBdkH+2JAQmTppMOwi685FMjNOxlBvQ0Yekixw3rwf5CLexz58OFD0halnxpbMePvB2gqR4y+4vN8+PB5IenL/SbELkxOXvtq0B1pEBfiHsUevO30FT6wFiHMAPn0ezfs+bGfTPIliL4TYobW1/5FffgSxD0p4n565OI6t0FYixDvsYC3T5sW37CGbey3nZovPuwzIXbVEPcb2i8tgbgQ9xD34Peir8Du9r1x3gy4Yj41134U3m/tJYh+E2LG0O3aJ6NMhkFciHsoe3BbXGhjLULcuH8mLJ9+Zo7U+P2TYgni6sG+rDlZ9p8B96NB3BMm7peWuF/ePPI9kMXV5Na9Z6du/PfxH56dct0+ecdegugzIWYuT/yb+Ah9iHsCxH1gifvg6MV1bpmUrFUIQ13258/crSpbgmBPV/BOiJmt8S9GuKQR4kLcw9qDPzp9BdvcU96HMl2ylyAOToj92LoxnfA70yEuxD3cPTBvdbCeIeY295nrd6CKJYiDE2LGO78ZbTIM4p4Ecf80BnHZnWeiyWXm/uOD333u2uANewmCTYi579Ax53g/HOGuHYh7QsT98zjEZdc23hY/fve/7/gzxdx6WksQH+/rK7zBu7iXIS7EHbu4bNnX6dGG37nv9ph3CNhdENLFL7wDMaMT8eYoNz9AXIh7iHtw193kyo8Ncc97N3A6uW96L2C8ZDW4v4K4ENcj7l/GIq63yf3aEPen3vfN62zY82ysNQhxIdiFyclvR51TgLgnQdwfjUdc1uRyWW/fN8S9633/lrhcgd3AI+4uuzM5aa5JfCNBXIj7MsRld5idZ/ep3z5tiHtl//vm5Qp3rM7B664ZsatWg3sN4kJcLu7fxiuubF4j9u51ZrAh7vX975uzB7+2Xr7l6tN+NGn+9M8zEBfiMn7Onuz82mt/HZe4rMk11DWXf++/8/jA2xfEqq/kWii7wB4Z9vpXEBfiesX9dGzisibX4v7f+wR8ZF/aaD1EzFpw+IwtPvzyDMSFuC9LXOnuFe7t+cf9Aj4Ti2fWIgST+BJrcD+GuBD35Ylrq3v+874BF8XimXXBwhfG+Ozi5bfYrC7Ehbj7xH0wTnEl6fq7hrc+AeIKMWsRwlw/+/YT6/+vkLjO7/KdAOCFGb+4ABwGY+8qjBoZmYggAAEvGABxEQBxUSsIgLgIQADERQDERaEhAOIiAAEQFwEQF4WGgFdeXAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACA40shllUSKx3axvWK/So/u67o0+mBW0eziqKv8R8ilWJpOyMP2j69nVJXq2V6gEm5Sg4oJzgz1ADzG6V6eWJA1f78RI8Y0JlKKUqxEScXUWGpqJa207Qiakz0rWS53mylegsB93ZGq9bzswm1QNl4YS5le1uqreQ3l57MD9i6pkUL8flUi1XLmtabCcWK+oBqWdEaZak81Y5RA1gtpOasF4SAhp6xCBEDomqjIOdq3TItoM4/PpPI0gLC3WZYlnPraohaRO3ejJxrJjOUImpsLfet5PXV6UJ4Sq0E2tt0l5WBNK3kh24rr7SzKVuXpmVye8a/kBXrCM8mjD8yXath0BP+X6Wd5rWZowUwliuWuIQAaX3NLfzwgPCc1Swtl4gBnLOtPC2gtMJ3IksLiCStz9psF4YGhKbaqeV+ldxMsSOjo60FWdyEfVDWhh6AlXZroc7FXbNb3saG7/bqIi/BpPkDbxbiWs63ge7xF9s9WgBzJCVZ4hICpFLZeU0J2LC/UXeGFsDPy6U0LSCftCXr0vagOM1fNJeGBdSSeqG53KeSC+0QPwracnC9lZOP+Kv50rBtc0YDaou7sSI+wK93LLftV92ClFNFC7ntK7rdcDRqpADrbFm2xKUEyE/cUg4PCCXtml05Swqw2/I6MaAsPtNIogQk7dNiWRsWsGl8dy6ut5IrokFPBfhS8UzLKZQ0YftFS9z8nOhY6DE/z0vCYFlaWnL61H6fnZWdppcSwNoS400mLiUgVzS+DG9uKAGxousHSgAfoq1TAyTemZIWNkgBaeeNuTwhgIvrreRWRpxCa8EVt1J1TkMZyqyCJW5EEX8zteTX8MRt2Y1a0WclV+MymIluiBRgMKtLXFxKQKO52NJKWjFC3AOjy7Kga2pqSpZG2IOwlqcWkVRJsW0LSpQUEE+KM81WmBDAxfVWcjIuhtqt4Irb7Dmdohi9xV20u1fS+7Fhh21eM85Iq5vi5yeD5i/SmZi+OkMNKKiPbHEpAYls1nzUZrQbowXoK41SXZYiNSVN3wNJj45QRJvFWnNJZ1+LEiB6v5mtOiGAi+ut5Ll+DXjwxmYN5wxHmR7hLe5K1mn0Bg+epFDL/FzVGRYpg8Y2UT2lbYeoAUXWSLGaoASUalZLVk6WSQGpXtH6B70UfQ8WujK9iAq6kugt19REnhYwZU/qrCp1QgAX11PJobZzTpwLrrguWxPT9BbXVVKu8us76teW91WFOuQBw/meVqAF8D7aHDVAnIB7CVJAS+PdflmZJe8Bn6MiBXTaFfad4uuKTNuDUs3sW3T0SilHCODieipZTrrigyuuq3fk6mMNbXFdvSNXB6pPQTfbmf0daKeP5cdyjRQwo+YdcUcKMMaNlICNVWH6NjUgtJWWyEW05AzwY7SAeLWbbepqRWqHCAFcXG8lO82sq5ccOGLOsapQ1gB5i1twjtVqb8A4pVTkvbWaaM47fuenBXHghJOUAFlZlBlzxn+UgHjemQQk7UFiXYwXNygBrEDtniclICV2eSpBDcjXG4sdcwaYEMDF9VayJprz2WJwxS2IAWwhSZmOtudx1dyB8UKfjZOic7UiymjNr8PnOvXNUQI6CmdLURKjBZhNDWEPpnQxH0EKYK10U5zvhweURFuxliUFFNzlOTyAi+ut5MSUODCDvOib4stb0nSCsrk9lG3aZ5+I/8h0Ibnomsixmzvdb6Expzl9AFqAozkpINy1X03XSAHpJ2JmeZoSwL5MVFgzPMAZNVWnSAHKWfv4iFEC7JUzTyXX7S6G3C0EWNwVzZoDL7dJVwvZLW45meOjBd+jVlbdE8Pr/HQV7fr132TFrsZElRTgEZcQINkf1TEX9ykBxZ49U9AhBUjSoy0xN0AIiCr8yHhkXp5BCFjimyxqcUqALa63klVezlVdCjLLrBsaVmlXXIjJwww7PYWy676bznq6/nKqaTYoi13/K05yVs+iU1XipACvuISAcJIN4iNKj7YHUlrtmf8g052lBRgHtqt7SgiobaStwWKPFpDXmuYXmkjOkwJscb2VnNaixofEK4TLqo41PUWpqa0YbeO6mPWeXVVrJXXJv2Nc3ZqzMYcd+YSWymrFzQEfHi5qG+vF9naIFuAVlxJQqGkbiZI6IVEDChuKXlNKOWqA1HBf8TE8QK48SSVqLd5qEALSWS1bU0sztAAhrreSIxuaXtSyj6SgE1r8QcdevD5iHyk8P8xCOTcRkY82IFMYbQ9mFjujBIxcROmMe5vhAZ159xeiF5G3khciEgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPDK8nB35xyBnd2HKCtwfLhI0tZgb+cmSgscKhTv/P7t03NknqKkwbERd4cu7g5KGgyQz/9vjkJcyuePsh2AuC9P3OfPIS4Inrjf7527B3FB0MS9afR7D0whQFwwUh9y/OLe2jX/bvcWxAVBEvf9p30nvyAuOHRxjyIXfVwAcQHEhbgA4kJc8LKlf9HB2S3fKxGe3oK44LiK+3DXfwt2QSPEBcdQ3Hs7g7bYuQdxwXEU9/ne4C32nkNcAHEBQFcBnFzpMTgDQRUX02HgxQSi/v1R5477ewCIC3FBMMTFPWcA4kJcEExxcSE5CKS4uHUHjCjuD71Z8pAPGHaz5EN0FUDAxJW+39vD7ekgeOLigSAgmOJiVgGMV3o89A6cEHHxmFEQSG6Sm9ydiygtcIzMxaP0AQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA4Gj4P9zdBQ3HSHfzAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

`add_histogram(tag, values, global_step=None, bins='tensorflow',
walltime=None, max_bins=None)` [source]

    
Add histogram to summary.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * values (torch.Tensor, numpy.array, or string/blobname) – Values to build histogram
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * bins (string) – One of {‘tensorflow’,’auto’, ‘fd’, …}. This determines how the bins are made. You can find other options in: https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy/reference/generated/numpy.histogram.html
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    import numpy as np
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    for i in range(10):
        x = np.random.random(1000)
        writer.add_histogram('distribution centers', x + i, i)
    writer.close()
    
Expected result:

![_images/add_histogram.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

`add_image(tag, img_tensor, global_step=None, walltime=None,
dataformats='CHW')` [source]

    
Add image data to summary.

Note that this requires the `pillow` package.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * img_tensor (torch.Tensor, numpy.array, or string/blobname) – Image data
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Shape:

    
img_tensor: Default is (3,H,W)(3, H, W) . You can use
`torchvision.utils.make_grid()` to convert a batch of tensor into 3xHxW format
or call `add_images` and let us do the job. Tensor with (1,H,W)(1, H, W) ,
(H,W)(H, W) , (H,W,3)(H, W, 3) is also suitable as long as corresponding
`dataformats` argument is passed, e.g. `CHW`, `HWC`, `HW`.

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    import numpy as np
    img = np.zeros((3, 100, 100))
    img[0] = np.arange(0, 10000).reshape(100, 100) / 10000
    img[1] = 1 - np.arange(0, 10000).reshape(100, 100) / 10000
    
    img_HWC = np.zeros((100, 100, 3))
    img_HWC[:, :, 0] = np.arange(0, 10000).reshape(100, 100) / 10000
    img_HWC[:, :, 1] = 1 - np.arange(0, 10000).reshape(100, 100) / 10000
    
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    writer.add_image('my_image', img, 0)
    
    # If you have non-default dimension setting, set the dataformats argument.
    writer.add_image('my_image_HWC', img_HWC, 0, dataformats='HWC')
    writer.close()
    
Expected result:

![_images/add_image.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

`add_images(tag, img_tensor, global_step=None, walltime=None,
dataformats='NCHW')` [source]

    
Add batched image data to summary.

Note that this requires the `pillow` package.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * img_tensor (torch.Tensor, numpy.array, or string/blobname) – Image data
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event
  * dataformats (string) – Image data format specification of the form NCHW, NHWC, CHW, HWC, HW, WH, etc.

Shape:

    
img_tensor: Default is (N,3,H,W)(N, 3, H, W) . If `dataformats` is specified,
other shape will be accepted. e.g. NCHW or NHWC.

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    import numpy as np
    
    img_batch = np.zeros((16, 3, 100, 100))
    for i in range(16):
        img_batch[i, 0] = np.arange(0, 10000).reshape(100, 100) / 10000 / 16 * i
        img_batch[i, 1] = (1 - np.arange(0, 10000).reshape(100, 100) / 10000) / 16 * i
    
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    writer.add_images('my_image_batch', img_batch, 0)
    writer.close()
    
Expected result:

![_images/add_images.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

`add_figure(tag, figure, global_step=None, close=True, walltime=None)`
[source]

    
Render matplotlib figure into an image and add it to summary.

Note that this requires the `matplotlib` package.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * figure (matplotlib.pyplot.figure) – Figure or a list of figures
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * close (bool) – Flag to automatically close the figure
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

`add_video(tag, vid_tensor, global_step=None, fps=4, walltime=None)` [source]

    
Add video data to summary.

Note that this requires the `moviepy` package.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * vid_tensor (torch.Tensor) – Video data
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * fps (float or int) – Frames per second
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Shape:

    
vid_tensor: (N,T,C,H,W)(N, T, C, H, W) . The values should lie in [0, 255] for
type `uint8` or [0, 1] for type `float`.

`add_audio(tag, snd_tensor, global_step=None, sample_rate=44100,
walltime=None)` [source]

    
Add audio data to summary.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * snd_tensor (torch.Tensor) – Sound data
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * sample_rate (int) – sample rate in Hz
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Shape:

    
snd_tensor: (1,L)(1, L) . The values should lie between [-1, 1].

`add_text(tag, text_string, global_step=None, walltime=None)` [source]

    
Add text data to summary.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * text_string (string) – String to save
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Examples:

    
    writer.add_text('lstm', 'This is an lstm', 0)
    writer.add_text('rnn', 'This is an rnn', 10)
    
`add_graph(model, input_to_model=None, verbose=False)` [source]

    
Add graph data to summary.

Parameters

    
  * model (torch.nn.Module) – Model to draw.
  * input_to_model (torch.Tensor or list of torch.Tensor) – A variable or a tuple of variables to be fed.
  * verbose (bool) – Whether to print graph structure in console.

`add_embedding(mat, metadata=None, label_img=None, global_step=None,
tag='default', metadata_header=None)` [source]

    
Add embedding projector data to summary.

Parameters

    
  * mat (torch.Tensor or numpy.array) – A matrix which each row is the feature vector of the data point
  * metadata (list) – A list of labels, each element will be convert to string
  * label_img (torch.Tensor) – Images correspond to each data point
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * tag (string) – Name for the embedding

Shape:

    
mat: (N,D)(N, D) , where N is number of data and D is feature dimension

label_img: (N,C,H,W)(N, C, H, W)

Examples:

    
    import keyword
    import torch
    meta = []
    while len(meta)<100:
        meta = meta+keyword.kwlist # get some strings
    meta = meta[:100]
    
    for i, v in enumerate(meta):
        meta[i] = v+str(i)
    
    label_img = torch.rand(100, 3, 10, 32)
    for i in range(100):
        label_img[i]*=i/100.0
    
    writer.add_embedding(torch.randn(100, 5), metadata=meta, label_img=label_img)
    writer.add_embedding(torch.randn(100, 5), label_img=label_img)
    writer.add_embedding(torch.randn(100, 5), metadata=meta)
    
`add_pr_curve(tag, labels, predictions, global_step=None, num_thresholds=127,
weights=None, walltime=None)` [source]

    
Adds precision recall curve. Plotting a precision-recall curve lets you
understand your model’s performance under different threshold settings. With
this function, you provide the ground truth labeling (T/F) and prediction
confidence (usually the output of your model) for each target. The TensorBoard
UI will let you choose the threshold interactively.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * labels (torch.Tensor, numpy.array, or string/blobname) – Ground truth data. Binary label for each element.
  * predictions (torch.Tensor, numpy.array, or string/blobname) – The probability that an element be classified as true. Value should be in [0, 1]
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * num_thresholds (int) – Number of thresholds used to draw the curve.
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    import numpy as np
    labels = np.random.randint(2, size=100)  # binary label
    predictions = np.random.rand(100)
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    writer.add_pr_curve('pr_curve', labels, predictions, 0)
    writer.close()
    
`add_custom_scalars(layout)` [source]

    
Create special chart by collecting charts tags in ‘scalars’. Note that this
function can only be called once for each SummaryWriter() object. Because it
only provides metadata to tensorboard, the function can be called before or
after the training loop.

Parameters

    
layout (dict) – {categoryName: charts}, where charts is also a dictionary
{chartName: ListOfProperties}. The first element in ListOfProperties is the
chart’s type (one of Multiline or Margin) and the second element should be a
list containing the tags you have used in add_scalar function, which will be
collected into the new chart.

Examples:

    
    layout = {'Taiwan':{'twse':['Multiline',['twse/0050', 'twse/2330']]},
                 'USA':{ 'dow':['Margin',   ['dow/aaa', 'dow/bbb', 'dow/ccc']],
                      'nasdaq':['Margin',   ['nasdaq/aaa', 'nasdaq/bbb', 'nasdaq/ccc']]}}
    
    writer.add_custom_scalars(layout)
    
`add_mesh(tag, vertices, colors=None, faces=None, config_dict=None,
global_step=None, walltime=None)` [source]

    
Add meshes or 3D point clouds to TensorBoard. The visualization is based on
Three.js, so it allows users to interact with the rendered object. Besides the
basic definitions such as vertices, faces, users can further provide camera
parameter, lighting condition, etc. Please check
https://threejs.org/docs/index.html#manual/en/introduction/Creating-a-scene
for advanced usage.

Parameters

    
  * tag (string) – Data identifier
  * vertices (torch.Tensor) – List of the 3D coordinates of vertices.
  * colors (torch.Tensor) – Colors for each vertex
  * faces (torch.Tensor) – Indices of vertices within each triangle. (Optional)
  * config_dict – Dictionary with ThreeJS classes names and configuration.
  * global_step (int) – Global step value to record
  * walltime (float) – Optional override default walltime (time.time()) seconds after epoch of event

Shape:

    
vertices: (B,N,3)(B, N, 3) . (batch, number_of_vertices, channels)

colors: (B,N,3)(B, N, 3) . The values should lie in [0, 255] for type `uint8`
or [0, 1] for type `float`.

faces: (B,N,3)(B, N, 3) . The values should lie in [0, number_of_vertices] for
type `uint8`.

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    vertices_tensor = torch.as_tensor([
        [1, 1, 1],
        [-1, -1, 1],
        [1, -1, -1],
        [-1, 1, -1],
    ], dtype=torch.float).unsqueeze(0)
    colors_tensor = torch.as_tensor([
        [255, 0, 0],
        [0, 255, 0],
        [0, 0, 255],
        [255, 0, 255],
    ], dtype=torch.int).unsqueeze(0)
    faces_tensor = torch.as_tensor([
        [0, 2, 3],
        [0, 3, 1],
        [0, 1, 2],
        [1, 3, 2],
    ], dtype=torch.int).unsqueeze(0)
    
    writer = SummaryWriter()
    writer.add_mesh('my_mesh', vertices=vertices_tensor, colors=colors_tensor, faces=faces_tensor)
    
    writer.close()
    
`add_hparams(hparam_dict, metric_dict, hparam_domain_discrete=None,
run_name=None)` [source]

    
Add a set of hyperparameters to be compared in TensorBoard.

Parameters

    
  * hparam_dict (dict) – Each key-value pair in the dictionary is the name of the hyper parameter and it’s corresponding value. The type of the value can be one of `bool`, `string`, `float`, `int`, or `None`.
  * metric_dict (dict) – Each key-value pair in the dictionary is the name of the metric and it’s corresponding value. Note that the key used here should be unique in the tensorboard record. Otherwise the value you added by `add_scalar` will be displayed in hparam plugin. In most cases, this is unwanted.
  * hparam_domain_discrete – (Optional[Dict[str, List[Any]]]) A dictionary that contains names of the hyperparameters and all discrete values they can hold
  * run_name (str) – Name of the run, to be included as part of the logdir. If unspecified, will use current timestamp.

Examples:

    
    from torch.utils.tensorboard import SummaryWriter
    with SummaryWriter() as w:
        for i in range(5):
            w.add_hparams({'lr': 0.1*i, 'bsize': i},
                          {'hparam/accuracy': 10*i, 'hparam/loss': 10*i})
    
Expected result:

![_images/add_hparam.png](data:image/png;base64,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)

`flush()` [source]

    
Flushes the event file to disk. Call this method to make sure that all pending
events have been written to disk.

`close()` [source]

© 2019 Torch Contributors  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pytorch.org/docs/1.8.0/tensorboard.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

