# sklearn.model_selection.learning_curve

`sklearn.model_selection.learning_curve(estimator, X, y, *, groups=None,
train_sizes=array([0.1, 0.33, 0.55, 0.78, 1.0]), cv=None, scoring=None,
exploit_incremental_learning=False, n_jobs=None, pre_dispatch='all',
verbose=0, shuffle=False, random_state=None, error_score=nan,
return_times=False, fit_params=None)` [source]

    
Learning curve.

Determines cross-validated training and test scores for different training set
sizes.

A cross-validation generator splits the whole dataset k times in training and
test data. Subsets of the training set with varying sizes will be used to
train the estimator and a score for each training subset size and the test set
will be computed. Afterwards, the scores will be averaged over all k runs for
each training subset size.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`estimatorobject type that implements the “fit” and “predict” methods`

    
An object of that type which is cloned for each validation.

`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Training vector, where n_samples is the number of samples and n_features is
the number of features.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
Target relative to X for classification or regression; None for unsupervised
learning.

`groupsarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Group labels for the samples used while splitting the dataset into train/test
set. Only used in conjunction with a “Group” cv instance (e.g., `GroupKFold`).

`train_sizesarray-like of shape (n_ticks,), default=np.linspace(0.1, 1.0, 5)`

    
Relative or absolute numbers of training examples that will be used to
generate the learning curve. If the dtype is float, it is regarded as a
fraction of the maximum size of the training set (that is determined by the
selected validation method), i.e. it has to be within (0, 1]. Otherwise it is
interpreted as absolute sizes of the training sets. Note that for
classification the number of samples usually have to be big enough to contain
at least one sample from each class.

`cvint, cross-validation generator or an iterable, default=None`

    
Determines the cross-validation splitting strategy. Possible inputs for cv
are:

  * None, to use the default 5-fold cross validation,
  * int, to specify the number of folds in a `(Stratified)KFold`,
  * CV splitter,
  * An iterable yielding (train, test) splits as arrays of indices.

For int/None inputs, if the estimator is a classifier and `y` is either binary
or multiclass, `StratifiedKFold` is used. In all other cases, `KFold` is used.

Refer User Guide for the various cross-validation strategies that can be used
here.

Changed in version 0.22: `cv` default value if None changed from 3-fold to
5-fold.

`scoringstr or callable, default=None`

    
A str (see model evaluation documentation) or a scorer callable object /
function with signature `scorer(estimator, X, y)`.

`exploit_incremental_learningbool, default=False`

    
If the estimator supports incremental learning, this will be used to speed up
fitting for different training set sizes.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
Number of jobs to run in parallel. Training the estimator and computing the
score are parallelized over the different training and test sets. `None` means
1 unless in a `joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all
processors. See Glossary for more details.

`pre_dispatchint or str, default=’all’`

    
Number of predispatched jobs for parallel execution (default is all). The
option can reduce the allocated memory. The str can be an expression like
‘2*n_jobs’.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Controls the verbosity: the higher, the more messages.

`shufflebool, default=False`

    
Whether to shuffle training data before taking prefixes of it based
on``train_sizes``.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Used when `shuffle` is True. Pass an int for reproducible output across
multiple function calls. See Glossary.

`error_score‘raise’ or numeric, default=np.nan`

    
Value to assign to the score if an error occurs in estimator fitting. If set
to ‘raise’, the error is raised. If a numeric value is given, FitFailedWarning
is raised.

New in version 0.20.

`return_timesbool, default=False`

    
Whether to return the fit and score times.

`fit_paramsdict, default=None`

    
Parameters to pass to the fit method of the estimator.

New in version 0.24.

Returns

    
`train_sizes_absarray of shape (n_unique_ticks,)`

    
Numbers of training examples that has been used to generate the learning
curve. Note that the number of ticks might be less than n_ticks because
duplicate entries will be removed.

`train_scoresarray of shape (n_ticks, n_cv_folds)`

    
Scores on training sets.

`test_scoresarray of shape (n_ticks, n_cv_folds)`

    
Scores on test set.

`fit_timesarray of shape (n_ticks, n_cv_folds)`

    
Times spent for fitting in seconds. Only present if `return_times` is True.

`score_timesarray of shape (n_ticks, n_cv_folds)`

    
Times spent for scoring in seconds. Only present if `return_times` is True.

#### Notes

See examples/model_selection/plot_learning_curve.py

## Examples using `sklearn.model_selection.learning_curve`

![Comparison of kernel ridge regression and
SVR](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of kernel ridge regression and SVR

![Plotting Learning
Curves](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plotting Learning Curves

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.learning_curve.html

