# sklearn.metrics.f1_score

`sklearn.metrics.f1_score(y_true, y_pred, *, labels=None, pos_label=1,
average='binary', sample_weight=None, zero_division='warn')` [source]

    
Compute the F1 score, also known as balanced F-score or F-measure.

The F1 score can be interpreted as a weighted average of the precision and
recall, where an F1 score reaches its best value at 1 and worst score at 0.
The relative contribution of precision and recall to the F1 score are equal.
The formula for the F1 score is:

    
    F1 = 2 * (precision * recall) / (precision + recall)
    
In the multi-class and multi-label case, this is the average of the F1 score
of each class with weighting depending on the `average` parameter.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`y_true1d array-like, or label indicator array / sparse matrix`

    
Ground truth (correct) target values.

`y_pred1d array-like, or label indicator array / sparse matrix`

    
Estimated targets as returned by a classifier.

`labelsarray-like, default=None`

    
The set of labels to include when `average != 'binary'`, and their order if
`average is None`. Labels present in the data can be excluded, for example to
calculate a multiclass average ignoring a majority negative class, while
labels not present in the data will result in 0 components in a macro average.
For multilabel targets, labels are column indices. By default, all labels in
`y_true` and `y_pred` are used in sorted order.

Changed in version 0.17: Parameter `labels` improved for multiclass problem.

`pos_labelstr or int, default=1`

    
The class to report if `average='binary'` and the data is binary. If the data
are multiclass or multilabel, this will be ignored; setting
`labels=[pos_label]` and `average != 'binary'` will report scores for that
label only.

`average{‘micro’, ‘macro’, ‘samples’,’weighted’, ‘binary’} or None,
default=’binary’`

    
This parameter is required for multiclass/multilabel targets. If `None`, the
scores for each class are returned. Otherwise, this determines the type of
averaging performed on the data:

`'binary':`

    
Only report results for the class specified by `pos_label`. This is applicable
only if targets (`y_{true,pred}`) are binary.

`'micro':`

    
Calculate metrics globally by counting the total true positives, false
negatives and false positives.

`'macro':`

    
Calculate metrics for each label, and find their unweighted mean. This does
not take label imbalance into account.

`'weighted':`

    
Calculate metrics for each label, and find their average weighted by support
(the number of true instances for each label). This alters ‘macro’ to account
for label imbalance; it can result in an F-score that is not between precision
and recall.

`'samples':`

    
Calculate metrics for each instance, and find their average (only meaningful
for multilabel classification where this differs from `accuracy_score`).

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

`zero_division“warn”, 0 or 1, default=”warn”`

    
Sets the value to return when there is a zero division, i.e. when all
predictions and labels are negative. If set to “warn”, this acts as 0, but
warnings are also raised.

Returns

    
`f1_scorefloat or array of float, shape = [n_unique_labels]`

    
F1 score of the positive class in binary classification or weighted average of
the F1 scores of each class for the multiclass task.

See also

`fbeta_score, precision_recall_fscore_support,` `jaccard_score`

`multilabel_confusion_matrix`

#### Notes

When `true positive + false positive == 0`, precision is undefined. When `true
positive + false negative == 0`, recall is undefined. In such cases, by
default the metric will be set to 0, as will f-score, and
`UndefinedMetricWarning` will be raised. This behavior can be modified with
`zero_division`.

#### References

`1`

    
Wikipedia entry for the F1-score.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.metrics import f1_score
    >>> y_true = [0, 1, 2, 0, 1, 2]
    >>> y_pred = [0, 2, 1, 0, 0, 1]
    >>> f1_score(y_true, y_pred, average='macro')
    0.26...
    >>> f1_score(y_true, y_pred, average='micro')
    0.33...
    >>> f1_score(y_true, y_pred, average='weighted')
    0.26...
    >>> f1_score(y_true, y_pred, average=None)
    array([0.8, 0. , 0. ])
    >>> y_true = [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]
    >>> y_pred = [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]
    >>> f1_score(y_true, y_pred, zero_division=1)
    1.0...
    
## Examples using `sklearn.metrics.f1_score`

![Probability Calibration
curves](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability Calibration curves

![Precision-
Recall](data:image/png;base64,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)

Precision-Recall

![Semi-supervised Classification on a Text
Dataset](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEW55vT////95r3///+55vT95r265vT///+55vT95b255vT95r7////95r395r245fT+//+55vT95rz///395bu35fT//v3+//+15fP95bz95Lj///+35fS45vP95LX///795r3//v3///795br95bv94rKx4/L95bv+//7947a45vS15fO05PP////95bq05PP95bu35vO25fP95bz95bqv4vK05POw4/L95bm45vT95Lf7/f/95Lb7/f395br9/v645vT+5LW05PP947b95byx4/Oz5PO35fT+/v795Lj94rKu4vL95r3//v255vT95br+/v675/T957/8/v+t4vG45fSo4PL//fv//v2r4fL+///w+v225fP947P+/fr95r2u4vL947X94a7+/v7/+e76/f2r4fGd2/DA6fX++/ak3vD95Lf+/v245vTi9fr/+/X958D/+/X94bH//Paj3vD1/P394q/94K7J7Pf97c7+4Kr+36v6/f/B6fX3/P3/+vL+/v395rzP7vf94a605PP6/f7+9eP+68j+6sf+6sX/+/Ty+v3/+/Tt+fz6/f7B6fXb8fni9fr93KC45vTS7/jq9/v9///z+/v//v7/8diZ2/Dj9fr/9ufB6fX+7dH1/P32/P7B6fXJ7fb/+O7w+v392Zv/9eT//PbX8fj95r7s+Pz//fn/6cDD6vX+7tP+7tH+7M3+9OP//Pf+7M285/T9/Pn7+/fW8fj/8tz/7M7+8NX+8tzo9/vz+v3j9frk9fvi9fv+9uf+7dD+7tX/9une9Prx+vz/89/K6/a05fTw+v3+7M3m9vvb8vni9Pv//Pb+6sX/+Ov/9uj/+vH/+/T/+vL+7Mzl9vvd8/nL7Pa45PT/8dn/9+p/0u3/9OPx+v3/+vH+9+nJ7Pb97c7L7fbx+vzL7fjg9Pr50I7+8NfM7ff+5r665vT/////57+75/X/6cG96vi86ff/577/6MC76Pa+6/r/6sH/7MK/7fu65/a55vS76Pf/7sT957665/UjcY7sAAAA63RSTlP++Pv89/j9/vv+9f31/e/f5+/l++LW4PvK87Ds2+d65PXY8s3Sc5De05/yt7HOysPa46vpu4ChiMPtqeuYnMbc0WS8i9abp8bCt2tx7PC8vrqxqvFk6kDr912xqtCBgLN2hl7Jt6NrJJ56TJG+lYSSlolYqVXRJ0uGSjpDilGwoJWidFJ6x9ByW2zlvL245Eg9th4tkKCpWLVlM5CZaYjalH5ganIxkrGj81/I/HBBslOKz6eKZEiZojGbfZh6eVDRw5M6TjL1tFpWxXxsZkbeh6+Bcdf2u8StsTdyqBha5shUpeK8h+PMFsLWJExLegAAIABJREFUeNrs23lQk2ceB/AkJCRBriAJRK5wRQhnCEKIHHIfggqVFJBDKGcBgcKCKJZLilbAA0G86q2A0LVqV13EXazOqnWtdf9wVy26ne7YmTfmTcIbkgXG7Bt3Z4uCA8L7On3p+51MGHiHeZ/Jh9/ze5/nfSG8wPOrCgH/CHAQPDgIDoIHB8FB8OAgOAgeHAQHwYOD4MFBcBA8OAgOggcHwUHw4CA4CB4cBA8OgoPgwUFwEDw4CA6CBwfBQd5ndPThJBGJRLPJgb9PSoIPEM2o728kr06ZBL8vnpwkOPrwASL1twFiWzKYXnO0Y93uh8+f//lVnj9//rB197qOmn+l1+Q06b+3kQSl1JWll5XUfp89NPTZ/zOU/X1tSUlZQXqX2W8DJGXXD3mPdt4+fKzYxyveJT4+3svLKyKfe+zwbXF73s19dcbvbSRr/vbllcpNVcHN90vrE+BkaJNQer95W9U3V37eUxC30EH0WUXrPr3Tnfxx8sqtvuERriEe5tpEenh4hLj6FPuuX5uc3H+w9c6nnQE5bmgOxDglIOdMy7PL3wZnZTmmFTqLolcLhYGB7nAChdEi58I0x+DGqoGhlvIzThYLGMRmzcmdtzbme60yZxrxE/0YPD1teDz4xfBLtOJbroh08covPnZ8Z/vNOjQn8I/2VX5zTlsXGavdw0xNBLGGbDa7p4fN5sBfDWMFJqaeDsKM+tLm6uEAJ/0FCmLndmdHR0PyynAXpp+e7phCDkfxejRkBn+FRwR3fbJYvKGpaY2bHfLDoLKKis4/OXeqKibTOdrdU8AxgFSQDM6rN21UcCA6xdA0UJSZFXw6u+Usa0GCOG04vjE/PiSV76dH05VowMnRgBr4BUoINLIew8oyNcTn4sZrt3adDEJhHAF/qH787X3/JYFhprFsDskAkE4XgE6iGArChBkJ15v3ly84kOW2tm07+pN9XZl+uvJRuUKpVZC8Hi2RckIhHx1V0hhGkT5bKw7c2tFmG4TgHE5k2QZ992DTppjCaAcB56VKrVbJIO3HPwK8lhH4RxAkU6sBjqnQ2THr0OcsWxZxIYF09v71Ure2Ong0UKFQwh4ayTTRkijh4+M0vURLc9fii5c29H7dhWAPSx9+fPp6qPNqBxNDisGIdp6Cpmj8QgIfpnMEnoEZCZcHhtNtFgwIVb9tMO/Aei8jmlIxMaUwps24Zkw5zjNaVZx7oL3GIgmZ/m5mV3SjsjEtISyWBEEQ8BKYOSOwCvTSUFjYuOdGS9ziBQJC7Bw8nrzMlcnTdnHlrEA0SrjnS8h8c69luQ1Xi3SQWQbWPtju6O/tabgIUqlkUmB2ICqVmmQi9I/ZdqIkaGGAUNtOPlrrlcrQJczKYvIMNk7zY7psTb4aR4Uzv0HAidoe7OxuQqGPzMril0iBl5Sl3pmbq89QqQsAxG7H1YbccCZDd5bFMckDrhICz9KV++PD1oDO+a3fz9Y+GfpLqbN9LEmm7ePvBiKVQRQTb+uYr8ptFwBI0LXbXA8+GSRI5pRxMo8fmd8v7v1oXlsEZV9+UpgRFssxoANzS1+sgyhmWznmQSyKOvpXulrR5KPgnDxAuO/QjFy4aw93NM25RohO2QNZ1iJ7tnbFJ50Lh1SllvbYh8Z81eWEcZCm3i3cVXB9aObmAbd3DUigMSw9fPobouY6iA9Pbw/NgBcei4CRkTkWCHwV3GdoL4qpLtHBMAjVxu3ozgq4PhQKyTwCykcJDHPf/r8HLZ/D4kwnjvXsC0eRCQlSz606/hdIRe9xsN78uMhWH7sgnfu2rPex1FWC4HxANPBCkuaX6pK/t3UOs5b++UPXEwJNKfAV7Hw8APjX+2K9M7fdKGBhF+RontiHyRuVS+YbpVxJsIpY1t0UxDJ+l7tGcTZBTtn3Q+05ECQD5hupepGJd8yeYVvs9pB1W1ZGMmhy5bxBtJtcesyQ+O4NvTXvUiUpX584fSEjUPBSBS/N5w0ik1KW+jcOfIhVEDP91osRVhoNKEEiGgLNL5Jb8cO9KOIs+yqVaFGw55T1kqUUOoBIpADEEYZe/hy9e+2ogphFdXSvYuoplBJkQDQKGj/Et2LL3bpZTuI6KenDVY4iBzYEjSAjAsjoJsILh8ptMAnywcHbXCMyYUwjQSighMBjeq1s35Uyy73dE5WNpUIBiS4FkIoUMDDMCN5/FoMgOnZBB9eGM0aVIHIgoFzJs/SpEJ/McZt50jDuKju3OS1QQFJBCIJI1UCgY3NLHBFzIPqsqO5iD/IoKEE0umTLiPWPbtbN3Ebc9lV+Uig07KOPAEhGJfWsv56N1pMPKIJYpFy95GJJQxgElP9bj+kjbj868wDO36h0XC2A1FKEQWQCYcLpACfMgQQNbuGuYBAUyBaIRKmgMcyXHW6deQCsL2JEJhRABiAbGcQxzQgePoM9kLviYisaAeEZC+4jGk2iS/7uthnmjCSbZxfqHUjQiBRhEAgy6BFmVZdjDuSDvbmuekjXx38vf8lWqfkbdszw93DourenoQHSHK9I+sLStj/DGIhZ3JFurvn4KAogkvFxhV/42oMsu7c3dmJc9nZr+0UjABqRqQWi0qE4fSqWQGxrrhW7GIGogEiUo2QP7rHBnLfuoVCLygYyRaYqFUog7MD6gYIUIoZAqGt25fmuYIByVEDgJXti5NYDvW/d5NOpu9KYsLQHge2r6ffhKaYZVXsK9LFUIV0387h8MjiBDohyXJfPFd9te+vpn1TFuPcsgqTogMhIhsLGn7EFUnRPHOGnK1FKUIqCHLL10vK3FmiLtb9JHzr1ob0xQqc4BF8pwxRI1J8+dtUbQw9kVMOMuLQuatoukuTWddl5NVstQw0EMPB03FSWhKUe0nQ8OYSmkIBogcg1fqnFW3qbpr0pVVbt6G1KUUkBtESkkGladQmWQF40NeR6oAmi1NASfcT3pn3swa7glGMYB60O8gpEZRK6rRZTIL/buMycoJCgFo1ESfbIbTgy7ckPZfkL+gDUPIARqUrg3PwEUyBH9nJT0QSBu4iCWbz3jvGU/+gxs7C9HBrNQXpP8Q2QWFFmNrZAfvSxlKAKolBYrSpuGCyacleq5MT9BAeSGr0C0T42x44uHcIUyNN/uBppUAWZ0N6rErcHvHlmp39WOrrHkmQAuiBC0WeLMQRCffqTC38MVZAxJY3hUiHOmbJps39TqCmFDqEKIuO4L8EUyIunP4WgDAKCIG3FNDdGWA+CRWwpIEUbJAMHeRNkQsEP33jnzS1f1h8zhSQVDjIFxIWvUUpQzYQ80TX/oQXx9Ucrvvt9vQNdBQA4yJQegj4Izzy+u9Np8qOlxmtqL/yHvXsPaupKAwAeYkJueIMJIQgxSAgQQJIQIkF5GXlkCY9RQOUlL/EFFMFRQapi2UF3t9YnKBbUKrbaXd9vRXZbndFaX9WxVbeuOuNfIa+bmwQJkk1oowG100rOZS72/JlxvDPnx7nnnnO+7zsZFNmfIG8dIf1gQfpgAi+9/eZa68/Pvx46Ws1y0QAHoWNsUif97wEaIBAnedmCLutd1x3fdk7zIGpUwEFiZ2JshJjWIQbAryyjFgdRy9ueW4NU1K2KpstkyJ8gb4wQFECURi0v8rM91iApO0sERBXYb6xBkKiZ/8HUCNn9gA94pT4oAvuyv9huPYccfxQQ5aySaQCD6OkZjRgDeZbkgwZItrApzwqEdK+j2J+MBoigGmMgZyqpBhRA3EMrf7R+7t9OBM8YQAHExVtchqWoE8t5iBGsiBLmhPP/PQTkiDcF9JQ+uP0ezLiDLZB1qckQCiAEavpPq0st07pn5p37k6VogEQsScDWiWHKDbBn6pYPX0iUv3dTlyWhqeX0em8KEzSIRiFDKAWfYOtMvcIcdWJEAYRALf+51ZLitnZLvbcUDx5kAHNRJ+a4LKEI6gG/NCT4NC04ZQGJObdC4oJXgF6FIM5M/4TOQkzFZWXefFjpSkABBHKd8nC/5ZVVe7gmg+4IHgQvjSpZji2QitMPTwKL7bWKBsJBvCk5FhBSbV1J1EHgIIiKSJlXg7HIxdJT3SfTfVEBYX92yRLkW1uXEMskAwfR01mNOy/HYApkYu72M0lUow4wiLIH58te3PUK5OhfJhNloEFUvVJB4+ctYTQsgZBoG79ie9mDB+nJTvy4yhLi++X6AH88eBC9R2P1EzB3OABMaZu6qyiEAONAgyhFidesQVjOwEGQAa64GWspbYOV/YQinL0RMAjsLszaZQEp28lgyRAN2J2sATJxcsB67GXh+h1qm+JKsNcCBlFzkrJ2WRJFyjYUcBHAIIiMKJV88u18zIEEnf65PDkbgsEOEaOOwE99BfKP5uJAPeDjWxVykBvcuWUt1kBIcfs2tfOpBB1gkBdQaOrF1yDiwF7AIHokIkNcd7oFcyNkUunqbVOmO+iMQPezlCaQIiuQJZSXQCNONLJeFXfa7TWZnpgDkcvnbM9KFMFjDUTlGBtw/R6oPgMKYlfVVuQK4bRARV4Qhr+ygIIgGkd69KqjX2MSZELX1vJkEQQDBbGe1Eng5xCVhhk4rf50BSZBnHKfb+N7cdRAv3x1Dvzy119ZG4q5YL+y9LJAyTc/rPXDJAjJLs1cBBNWGtFdh4ALcVDI9Pgo8flbTjRMgpja6qtF+QRcnxI9kBkygCCIzDEiuOYHzJaJlcv3bF0WyiOoYXAg/Rzh3CFbJ2QFsL0shX7AhcXoxHAhZVJL6xeV4SKgIO7Cuc9fby4yWM4AQXqJM2Y2H8VyqfGJpdv3sql9wBYjyp6+4bu94LbfFRo93ZtxrCIIu8X45eaSDkXh7hCo3B1ljzF7KAjA8xCETAxckrAG6M1g4EHCuv61MF/UD+gsV4sbPDF0Q+PEEOklBgpu76ulYRskaG3VyiQfHDAQiMfOsTpTL4kCdqaOIFJB9YXCHU7YBplQOr+9PISjVIJ4aSlhHOQaufVVJbM151YI6M5ACskpEA2eW1xyLCUO4yOENC7sxuJEHwcghU+UsD2BWmQdKLdqnvnSSCDjAx+RkXA4xg7sxXlo3NLmFlN1UpgP6YCAQKL8k92Fljkk81TzPAoTCIheHyGpvrA0BXBnoQFCm7V7W3kSR20w2P54CoZ4yc8actMs5/g7/nuf5aIBMkLI/gXNZbOdxgCI6a2VV/UsPhsyGm0PQqCmb67ws2RqTPJ8cj8qAgCIgkwPFHQc8APeVyhdTjx19+aF092NSltvMyphh3D+j1NflTSm2d064k1R2Hq/V6FA8DOiTzzxdBojIKaW186mciCtzUE4IUNT2m6dCObavP4+IiN6eAd0eKLQT2iB0Bq2LkuictS2zalSGtWipL2brcvP3PtGzBqwbVq0QqEnewgYnY/DxhCIXcOVnCa+D4SzMYjWN7E9zzrX7/h1RizexiCyf7pEiWvOtY4lEFppzPc5c0N5BJ1aaUsQnGvkxxetM5m+3lkiIQ7YEgTplUn9C1ZdXprrNoZATBP7/Cttkem+BhvWP1FqcYT41JyGIaU1nq6IljrbMqlNoTrIaqxZfsoTlW5CD0Qe1HDjWmooz6GnX2mjQaKFoez0rCtDQS6vmhbItNV3lsL8fSX1F9c8XtRCG2sgdpNyb7Y1pbsSlLYC6dc5UPlXN300pNZJ62FxbIRCbysQDVnqH7xi+SI3J9JYA5HLPQtbr6YmUd171La5Sk+tc59eeakw03pS91u7qCOaq+i1zX6iXkWkCIoT1p/KRauPUAVxmpjZvWCuMJ6gg20SPKd+4Stc+enENOu/XSe34+fFsQO9tgh0MIEgHpKC+nNLPdPGJIhcPrXr5tWV/HweB+rRjtjEaITyI9u/G/6M2ccSoukjLjRumjwUZGYEV1DdXPc0U04aoyDjgjL3XFoXKYx3N7zQjTBeS9sHiUKW5eQNf0bcznoxl0lWjXRwvNQTKRIx41FhbekE9HoIZRDzrNuwf91JfrIrh2BaJY6EBO4TeSVe634jLSDu7mGGIBA/kmldo5A54pkRLEl186PCFjf0xsdogMwOS/nuYlYWO4TKwal16vecTZT98As1lb33Ym7c8AekpdR2FEiYL/Wq9yrHr1EgKn2viugRGxxQcqGsojSOhmb3oA9iXiNmdj9srwyJ93WAINx7ZoXiIMg9vWnlW6+rmLNmQzCFiH/fO9TJeDxRyo1qvL6ifukktPtmVEDkcTF78javTGWHevE49rDOPE76ftfWvNG0htHCap1OC4m8khb+9PdZb/3/j9853ygJZJL1vXq9CjEtJjS/Y2AozEPD1GRE6QxBMINxtmzNRxWkDwOERLOjbdzftrgpMZ0qIuC0yj9yUGIiMeAcePmJ5dvi3pErPs7uzoYCAdcFP2DqaM0fWZdrBvB0yuSZ4pLOui/Hj7cbL/8wQMwmTvP3V23f1hQpDPHy8eVAOC0Mw/39WnMzjZZhrc/8cz9sbkbI3TU/ObQycu+uT999XnTv8w5GcXSGPzeCSUZUpoaYm+LNhvzSzP9C48iUBrKivJcE3D574O7SoFHpl1EDkZNmuU2dFfNwwbIiNj/cREKwNxiM2l9b35sc2j6j0WAwQA6+8SGJU8pz2i7FzXr3C2VOWu3hzhrGkuhYiguR7DxgeichbzP59UeNbICMN3H4S4ILEuq37Aua4Dbb7gMD+WV2P9T9fdVXDxayhaHTk/Oprtnupnne1OztceaFn7HHgMPh7O1NvxA42Twfar5XeKhw4YMHZ6oOtcb89tdP6d2nj46dPXIiOFoQ68/iUiJcmHhHR0dnRzKZLBsMbiSTnZ0d8aYZnC6lcFmTMyTR06pPHDlw4fHlhrRR65LRBZFPCArzi9u4+1Jb2+K55f9n70yAmsqyMEwggRgwhC0hAcKWsIWwhR3CaghLWCUiEAXUgOyChEVWRbpAZVEUGkRAXAdbBBRbHG3LRkcUtdqlptHWGbXamu6CJhESscUx814iFDOMozbJKIG/QvHeTXFJ5Xt3Peee40Czs/ayZaqpqVlYIKAgFhAEFIGwsLBQ09Oik/zSneIjU5o7dtbUeJqR9f/3gGtkSDZE79jRs2VLdiDe1xwXamzKQCKxWAMDAxhIBgBhYIDFIpEMdRurAHNfonf5ltzuDTvQhmZkNGaxAhEvuYyKrl69PXjr4N5nD0JIJFJIiLU1XZvF8vLyYrG06XS6dUgIUPjzg2d787d13L7aZ/jxKzUMtWvgadNQ6/nTp/5qH2AfGurs4WFlbEwAZGxl5eEcah8QEGcfd/p8609NVwb6G9dPf6bFCuTdhkpMTFhaRQWHU33hZMqqnJzo6MjEoKD4+PigoMTIyOjo6ykpB/bd4LRxOBVpX8dUfEqHYvh1TJr/id7797/a0FpeWJ69zts7MJBIxOOJxEBv73XZ5XmFlT13ntzvPZEWFtPgr/O5v4svAojoqQSfSwyZ2lmfdPVhXV1tbXHx4OBgcXFxbW1d3cP6pKdsQ5V5Pbxu/sn9uf0DXV0FBQXd3ZWV3d0FBV1dA/25uV1rw1C/fSmS++2LEoocU9ZeRqVS2exYsdhsNnDb3t5gFjy/rkRFP42aSaWWlpZunhZwTaWWZbL9/w/+VgsUiPTHK/C30qxbpS/sQy4mIAtCS0CWgCxpCcgSkPkOv0ZoM7JYZp76OhBJ1oxCG85UrYNZAvJx62uzsr6nZ0Fd6UumpklwlaBCbig61Ciq+lLjxTCdJSDve3IhRihUVFRUsEj6u+4N5O4Bldt/Jbm0V1yqA7yvrx+s8KkMUPooN0ArQdVUP++sq096nAS86i9R28SlOjpuKJQORGEJyIwg6Jjke3d7Ws49ugbqXCueCCqQSBxqPX/q12vXHp1rOdpzN7mvj/qJVlWl9Yc7D198vv/CvuHh3bt3H9+bvz0oKCge+Ak6+C1YMjy878L+54cPl5F1loCAxsPVEIyGBupE1kBuYXYgPsE31d18qysuINTZQ7T5F4eL2GrunuqLJ3qX523Z88shtIaGBuRjnmYlDASCwWDY9Y/rVxVHJ8Y7mKTTHP3swkkh1nRtcMsy3M7PkZZu4rQ9KLK4ub6zxFNFA4OBfN6G8tmBoKlrMx9tuHz52nk8McEdBAGSINiYqlMoDApFXdPUhmAMgsG5mqf6rgn0bv318p3SrMz1H+ahw37eHlv9j+NBkfFOJjQ/S5IPuImspatqq8cEpCeyr9CtfXws7RxNHOLzh3/8sTp23/Mi/0UNxP/snsJK/KYIew+CjSYDC5MHBNqRliuLtVx8BVovkBRN0xXGoRGpVeW5/dQPV01uTFrVcXAjie6lq6rnYgGFv7N9zZK4CIpQ01PV0g4J33jmQHFSfRFkkQIxIh879uRRZV6grznOmaCJhC3nv3r1T0CvRAI9QCbFl+JS3ogyQMXUGeeOX7fu6JNdm/3f/815lpTc2H0yJ9HJ0YfFREDhcm9e/g7qpUgvRAKvfheXjsvBEUwtbZKfiUNOSsaNnSVh+kqLDogSOqugewhoGwRNCgNrAFMWm1ZnNAFq9r3I6CpvgAVNfPYRm7y77um/t/KG27UHN4bTtWyZagAOkUF4lpFeKNKsgtFROUU41EKNqadLD9+Yf6D2ZprK4gKiYtjbu6s129sXt4Ihz5/k8d45UH3A/1nsIMJfBqN4mBPzmo69J3JVTUVGbY4JSdcC/lrkqSIQfMDPiMsVCMbHXwCvUYStNS0+50Ash8NxW0RA0FlNracjcM42lD/JLxvjz7SBD3mzidvMyDIYVtPDNaEp2fO/1s6+dZJG0mIi4KNc0AFP+BFeX+/ai0CoCHVRZZHCn3277ebORQIkGI2OejK0bo2rMQU2MjnJH/tUH1zQx/DVJEzTtbxy89yTGxB98ncpDiy1qZcvBJ9+Vgt0jBxXVNP1oSVGDrvVeKIwsg8k7d5P507FBViZMmAjYAc09kcObwB/BzNOrfrbobA5ja+oscPBkil480d4AC0F6LteK1rYsnwsHwxn3GwPlnUgq4MztxSuwZnC3o7NL1rl5CTSw/dI7pz5r9mlx9HhqvCX8zgPBFARTMm50NOjm29xVBRkG8iJliGib8AKrHgYn8fBM94kTB2XNzeximFns4OWhXA+5+G5r8eBWTHclk7bvn1/LEqmgQS3VK4JNcUul8QJ2RF5Ar5qw5wlSEakndro/JO+CkenoHosWuQ2jgwDgZy4830CThMYy/nzjrUwMcGb1HT/YU5yrpXHHawlES1NKABHd22TM8d31sgsENTRKnNg4fGNpNLXUXBb52Ty+MswjSUnofB1QkUL1RCHbTdkFIjK/cvfJ4Ri+ZOTYxICgrWKuxZmOHvUdfOvfkBSlVRCS2AKDNelOQ1zamQSCLrlh7gVDGWJhQIfA9Yi9lVny2Yv1ys6i2lgaAIJtRCuQA6hSqfl75RBIEboDa2pBHme5EJUgmm0rf4ja3NYXTONKcG04cAEWMC0czrehpK50Bq9Pa04AnKCJ8Ewx/wRZRt8Yebs8Ez+gzmWCK4E04YDU2CoqvXG/FiIbAFRibpTtYYALM0lGlpsgkdJ9S6dDYSzLYiu+GJUgkG5hAKhHNMxMqNtpYIsAfHPanUPoIBHyiQanZLHcMXfmQVEqS3fiTUl0bjmQi73BZTleCaDrSMzQJQ0jFrK8VZIeZ6Eo7KP8ZABmy7PbiFtz2haU5IOoj0uRKg65tzkYJRkBUhY5hDeVV15jC9xIFhn169m/yu3B5aqQkkDEQi4CGunkxnsGhkBgkouJNqbwngSz1owxjMwDvg3IH//2ceW+2ZU0hqXY2qnp1wKkwkgUWGlTdnupgYj0gACM3U+tdl/2lfLMGY4hOUiDSDjcKZP4vWMEjOlhQ+E3DcQ6Eow+GZECgIjIuIHZozr7LpiO1uEVNL5cBX1fM7U1lEVFj6Q3qdHEghI/iupAFlusCLwl8bpiKFlSc12LtLJrwRux1um1LfLQJeF/nMgjiE/Jo2UBRNgWij8kUPTQNgPU0hqcK40MpAJ3shBvRwOVC94IKv1n5x3J8jzR8akA0Re07dwustSaqiNtkbISQUIsBx5zbRM343WWeBADLOGIqwob6XRPsBR/e0y9dS8u9NjSENxIh06xZVOjj7hG4RuSP53JQsaCMRoc0F2AFL+rbRSC74dYbiXzwApGQxiwYXSAvIaDtV1WHURLU0ru7QTS6atbfJOkFaHJQqUz2eYZ99FzQCJZ8G50gIiFI67+CV2HKaiFiwQhaI9R3ydGdLLqA0AQZpn90xnCy7piPeSkxYQYOr7Eq7ld/3xFbOF22WV5Ra6asL+xd6dBzWVpAEAh5DjJRwRljMcBiJHAkLCFcKigHIfInLJCCggIoeKKMqiMotAqesi4nrAiKt4DuN97biKuuVRM6wyjkdprVeNVm2NWwl5yct7SQYYs8FdZ4KCy5HOVlvmb6qSej+6v6+7v/c1YJACHZCGiH6QIEYi+8TiXfDehdt7d6MLh20O7LZgLYjMoS7yF5CmPUE2EkID7P72PiPEObr7CqxTlrFX6+FbXOvXUpAgKofQyMO6IChAEFRCMPyE1UVxk6AESc67vrHO1wHHxcA+CrGaHZrwFoS2+bjQCQN2V/ibBTvCTG3YuisOShDHA68qUwJIKsAgrF9AegdB5GBBNDwbYfHNVjhB7tW48Cl0gB5akZ8pLHddEKZSDhKE0CCimNKr5XBOWe0FYUkyhRQ4SPsvIOs9mD8BBdFGEcQvEVx5Kdgs624uq1MN1EMLQjIoiHbS6ssRbg+HEIRml/wvbggFOAjF0CADzJiXe39Dgw4k60j72UA+SQUYxMBBXSLBBkT2qV9P84IOxPVATX6UhTnQkP6fdYguSJANQYAF6dOQBT7dW3fCB9K2piyARFcABhmyUq99s1IHC6KRUBl+2c1F0IHYnk5gsVVi0CBS3c3FJrCbi29TX9Qm6Phm+GLIhfwQuho4iDgpTHf7PTEHkYAGkStnWhbZAAALPUlEQVQF0dV/hw5k7jdcjlgtBvuR0ukBOieGtesW2ZONQINgygyfxXshAzGbfObkfE8peBBzq7LVJb8e4abHGgLE0i/1ka0jDSaQqSUH6nz1dgXqKIsceucNFjlQgccQOcPJu+P2TmOYQFqvryrjsxUy8CCe+TU6hXLZs3jgQQYvRS59dtkMJpDZ1w+FBZDEOOAZ601d1q9Xa0+7WerNoxKAQVCCyrDPLoYLpPzGapaDWCwFDWLKjtIBKdKCiBDQS0PtCERsEh+vhQrk6PPKeAoOHERGSuJ8/2Lt27S39as9qUwGeBCUYAY174ML5ElCCEkGHERF8Uy5sKw1+b/7mV7TdqfmiAjAu1laEczZI3vHXJhAzlzK9aUbAITNmfNNXPjbfGdSYdPLGQINeBB5RvTxeVBlWQ+ulU0RA86xBkEs4isWZpm9XREYu1W9DHbqBw0iQeUi/3MtUIHcOcvlGwIkKTR3SPuZvduFOYYAsfRe8ggykFD+axy0h1QVEBb5VPeC1Kr1C2KNMAnoxBfjzQh+ZAcTyB9OsjwNACK1zq9v1w2ujT3ZMxBDgPj5/wgTCE0LYg16ypLiYlKUe81y3ffU466W+vCMQJ+JwAeiHSHxBgAx7+REHhrS66T8u8xgffY6GQmEAd0IeWgAEO2yMHD1qxJdkNabxR5ODBQDDmKf+je4RsggCOAYgmuXhaFr3gV51mAvQuWfQP4PIDK1RUjFkwNDtsGn5vVU+zjpq4HZRwUSCB5EZcX9fuHkIVeAmk2q+trD3ggwiOYTyLAxxDQqd9O7TTBpaUvTfRgD/Z9ADA0iFZMcUipPrHj3m8N7Mj2cESP005T17sIQMAj+utOTFfn8s/dALq87lyNCsE/rkPe3TmSAI0jgnLvl773v51bY9KVPxIRajY9q62QxXFsnD66FTQELopJGhV28M9wayK7Fw5sMGETkc64Jru33P+dy6DJwZXIKsco0JGHDg+G+264rO1okRzXgPFAsI7gBqvMQ2pkn7iGmAEFwsbkFq/L50eG+3PGfzUImYgSu1uHNiWE6XCeGR9sKAkkAQVRSiynzD38+7IszZq27X8YKEDkBEEQQtK4LqjP1uBf180EWOajEfNbDO27DxlWaWdqP/n48JQHMQ6JhLsiEq+rkjydqQi3ooBJfqVhGCcy9kDzi1z/qiBYQoArmUIKKRKT/KQ8qkNbrq8KsSKAqF3ExKYBbf2nEFhe0ed0LcsigogiKUXmxK59ddoMJpPD8qYopFgpAtb0y0wBOxablI4KY1N7umMUkY2AmLVROFsw6fvX3UAX1rMKFJ+M9FUCq3xW4msSpO/mD68hzxpaqlpfeGYBeWceUPL/UlrhwE5hAenuTT4Zx6EBApK+PJYW6DKlteH/SqqoW5iBUiQYIiHPMYkBvqoN8g+qiSzxFBSDPwtX0pOkJh+59eMaY3VwazCTL5SBi+oCTRwd8b1CFX6qsswBRbo3LHDjc1atKPtyNsnbrFw3eAiM5iKQXsU/8thY2EJrr80O5fDZdpue1Ia6SsqNmRrblffbhrHPqvoP7E71F6ID+G8EjGT6lj6dBN0K8bmxLCAkgqfQOQvFkFaxZ5mb84TfKTIwbd2UKcywl+j48xAiezZIviuEDmbz2/K06DkWt0O90hVP43Nwn947+7yHquO/2eg8/HtqH6TWyy+UCn3M9B8uhA7HLcm13YbHVer2iQiajWLEKNq6YNIpFmd1vq66UCm14En1uaqESJREhrN482Q06EO3/aPvqfE+KHqMIjh/rjGLN3FQyykYjxtN6OoJjMxDNgN6W7AMo1dInuwdYX1Kw/bLuv6oMtCKp9bWhJVXLOvncgk1HXEf570nbUri0Oyg2g6q/DkFKjBchLN4KZwMzx7y/1pelJB1T6G092MkJdTlVMpYurUXfpi+ZJaBSNXoaIwNkm+A9j6/C2XPReOrO+/UunE5TfbTBlA6uB33z69tWFI5llzV889LuRT6DK0R97P0S/YhzcPb+fbPh7Eqq/az4XSSL76DQBwidFBASVlBTkjXGn1D7XWZQqhODqo9XFDDEOVbYfBDgVVSgQVyLTudzPWUTTbVwmVpN8ZzvvqZtWflYaz3Ci640r1ySI+pTYhPbjteghJIxQ1jdNdsYXhAaLW6Dy3S2eIKtlKVSKcl6vsuhbXluY24wYkKbvfVZdnQOTzPBMaJBjajO0eldaSCvoQJ/f4jt04tzUqzp478CVyHFcVOK9fSwgjU37o+rX67t2q+aS4O8bSwRFBt3JEGJAYKX47O4qxHo4wIPYuL2YPDObjouGz8I3cE6ZWbltlXLHMdzakqzS477y7PMhpgIEdI37jbkKCFBnKKDWtLmQg7S25t199qcFE8KjuOK8YwOmXlSVCC34tqlF+fHnWwmL796e/f2Jf72AjKBEeMIJX0EQc2wT138ZRXgh2UIELusB9fcQwNI+NgblEpxmUrVyeEmrHnyg62Xa/K4f4KtV/iWruaVQm9Bv1yOjR0Ek/cz7IUdTVvSPgKQ3t65T2+VxUdZmIrHcjexYvBSBXOKBd/34dkNp/ImnPnTanft3/6P2BxnBjLYlhEdS3aFUsmC2JiOpV7AH5VhQExsj56OnOmbZPqzNv9VjHayUqlVYrbV9JkuT++cifOaeKo5ubFx76PqBn8nSwSTK7E+dLTBQ/4TxmDGLFrf4pX2kYBoP5+fSuCGWHeSTMWjqmbU/o0piW1hNSW+IqHtSK+eEk0aLXzp/iD/WGYGj4wYje68XSMxQsiiiNSg7ivhBnhOBgNxPXKvMjIs0JMtVatlsg/MXNqJCh8cHLg202WFudefOr1Qjw8irXFHT2m6MHiGjWW/XKnEBgh05KJs7Vw1OJSQDPuYBSt7dsS5fUwgvb0rTtQkVATykygk83+Pk0D+4OVlUvBRtwty7iyftC6KyvNmZ9JnLVqY4Scqq8XBAcwmeMFvoBItQwkj86zJSwToEkp0jBCN/MI7xy/I2XiqGCtwfvj+48eP79+B3UUEADaogGIf3nEySQope9okbj6Ycic/Lp/KBQVjXdzTqROvT8w1d9OXEWThAFYR3759+/gJ2BqGg0+fwGIff3EI8uu7mbdsn7jnaZT4cIsQ8YgIxiuLlzbHNtqp87HygmZjgY0uZACKFV5WYM1hYKEpV16drxTBGMFD7Vsc2Rl5eBgZxU8tCgtR04kxBNUmv4El19f3yODr1z+f3jNwcMk6aKulzepPBbqDkX24RQh4hqRh8aUdh2KdrUws9FQM1EWM+SQhgI+Pz8dYRN1Fxc4/3somNnHXjt2ZM2jpEvuafbNXTDFVMzPS1pcQleGXDbW0FNSCAEFLWX4Z0Rh3Jx1X04oVs5fsTaZfCNE5QsSl5QXC83cuLfKSc7axkvJXBkaKiIi6urqBgYGKsr9UY3aiqmNz1aTK5eHy8jStQxkF+qzt96WnZ0Wmmaq5Gmm7x4jKyMjw8/MbGvLLxLhrG5mpmSeEhKWvarXuE+AZthECLDHeskc9PLJ498ZdO9Zfe+nyGAm4vLy2ftehebsXP1y3WJcebmFs2Hbu7Jl9U7avuPnk1atXz+Dg1asnT1Zsn5LXNP1cnAB9w4fuEQIEArrJGornz3d1hYdfRQLhV8PDu7rOK2poJK/WUKJL4hBLbtXVmG9v39dnfQwFWN+/f99+/nyN5FZ7xuEfIcD+Gaynx8wOFxIGi7EPgGugLgECVKEBAQxvR8GgAqMRMhoho2A0QkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZDRCRsFohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohQx4AAGor6gUCXHnfAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Semi-supervised Classification on a Text Dataset

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.f1_score.html

