# sklearn.datasets.make_blobs

`sklearn.datasets.make_blobs(n_samples=100, n_features=2, *, centers=None,
cluster_std=1.0, center_box=- 10.0, 10.0, shuffle=True, random_state=None,
return_centers=False)` [source]

    
Generate isotropic Gaussian blobs for clustering.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_samplesint or array-like, default=100`

    
If int, it is the total number of points equally divided among clusters. If
array-like, each element of the sequence indicates the number of samples per
cluster.

Changed in version v0.20: one can now pass an array-like to the `n_samples`
parameter

`n_featuresint, default=2`

    
The number of features for each sample.

`centersint or ndarray of shape (n_centers, n_features), default=None`

    
The number of centers to generate, or the fixed center locations. If n_samples
is an int and centers is None, 3 centers are generated. If n_samples is array-
like, centers must be either None or an array of length equal to the length of
n_samples.

`cluster_stdfloat or array-like of float, default=1.0`

    
The standard deviation of the clusters.

`center_boxtuple of float (min, max), default=(-10.0, 10.0)`

    
The bounding box for each cluster center when centers are generated at random.

`shufflebool, default=True`

    
Shuffle the samples.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Determines random number generation for dataset creation. Pass an int for
reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

`return_centersbool, default=False`

    
If True, then return the centers of each cluster

New in version 0.23.

Returns

    
`Xndarray of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The generated samples.

`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The integer labels for cluster membership of each sample.

`centersndarray of shape (n_centers, n_features)`

    
The centers of each cluster. Only returned if `return_centers=True`.

See also

`make_classification`

    
A more intricate variant.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_blobs
    >>> X, y = make_blobs(n_samples=10, centers=3, n_features=2,
    ...                   random_state=0)
    >>> print(X.shape)
    (10, 2)
    >>> y
    array([0, 0, 1, 0, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, 0])
    >>> X, y = make_blobs(n_samples=[3, 3, 4], centers=None, n_features=2,
    ...                   random_state=0)
    >>> print(X.shape)
    (10, 2)
    >>> y
    array([0, 1, 2, 0, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, 0])
    
## Examples using `sklearn.datasets.make_blobs`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.23](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///+Tk5O2trbs7OyioqKmpqYYc7K+vr5paWmKioobdbT/fQn/fwno6Ojm5uYddrb+////fw35+fn19fUfd7T8/fzu7u7+/v2BxoH/ewZMrkuGyYeW0Jd+xX709PSKyoru+O7GxsaBgYGSzpKEx4SPzI87pjtRsFHKysoddrhTU1Orq6tyc3JXs1dAqED6/fr8+/qvr69kZGR2d3ZiuGKVz5SZ0ZiysrJdtl2Xl5dFq0W61ejW7dZXV1ft9fo5h716wnsjequamppcW1o2pDYvoTDc79x+fn7w8PD4/Pfh8uH1+/Ukerb/jSjofxxvvnDPz8/q6up1wXXS69HE5cTy+fIroCr/gRKQkJDg4OD/7+HY2Njk5OT3+/3y8vLi4uJNTU3J58nNzc2f1J674LvCwcJpu2jm9OVeXl6lpaX/4MWFhYWNjY3f7Pak1qXe3t613rbA4sDH3eyfn59sbGy5ublvb2+8vLxXmscxgrr/nUZ6e3ur2ar8fAsGBgYrf7Wwz+TV1dV7sNL/iB9ERERhYWGLudhvqM7q9urdfiPn8fbQ5PDzexH/0KfX19ew3LDy+fzT09NEjsEVdLhPlcK9vb21tbTY5/JLmaX+kzSWv9ygxt9mosvc3NwlgJ3/9u02iqU9PT339/fN6M2HiIja2trOfDDR0dGoy+A3NzewfElcpZ77yZr+wYz+rWQ3mWo/i7z/uHo0jo3ijDdOqG8khYr6gRT/1bH8274qjHZKqVo7oFTyhh2KiYi509a9fDovLy+Tv71zt6BHnoZke4H/6NSiws3imkyhunRReI2Lypvlpm1dY10qk1OdfFaBwZg4d6GhljF2mjgfHx8AAABgr4VQg5xqs5SmqVfHrn+He2bYu49QW2SUrLdGa0UNQFrx4c2DwaZ7qYaQh26ReF25pVamm4AUaaK/w8jDkTJjgGLHj1miiW2nhlyDtmdUX1RrpbBYpDsqXyqInKXe17qKQQF/lX5Dmk8UFBSry5FsipkrUGuLTxt1VTjsoqb/k7b5UxtWAAAgAElEQVR42uybe1BT2RnATwh5kEsIkty8SAjkATEJr4S80CAGl4BSeddgImAwEArykEcWg+OyguILxVG0KoukILqu62Pb6fbBVp1u16kz3b+6dvrQdqbtdJx2ptMZ/2o705vwSEgYmVG5RHp+w5B7c27O5N5fvnO/79x7AYBAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAhk/cGeruHAoxBBkFTqVmgkgkgANfVJ8DBEDpzWQSP24k2hrB/+5sO/5EzBcAZanEvW5t9y+v78rNBvOS5GastcdACKzNb6odaYdUHrf1++fPmfP2NLU8+eY7xY3K+pfz9//vuQvXz2L4wXL575mHpVt1ZTMx4BMkAsq7f7F40X1kvUP4mNPThR7Ns7yaOSjaxfLDbs2bJx46aQA8A1GAw5VcOJIq103wqnWxIeX55A7aXML0WtEx9nv+IhfxGI+qsBpz//GoP84WLLARat7+LSjXfIEvMbG/clS9MNuuJX9xtNwnc//EJQZtIqkIVvJv8ZgvxGJhH2x4Pktls02pa8hZbLZPI5NGTrqop0fppIJtUmipIjT4i3xh739rHX4GrEvhNBHgu0ElG1LygO01gfLLRcJZOPhQ3aMkOprCI3vVHG3Rt5Qoirk0jE1eK5I3/ciRx6LBCIZP4h6H1MQvxcQ945MvlG6NaZAplOwn8vIzU9f3MECiG+cTd1S7sowlI4QMdVyOenYn/6mJsonPvBXyHT+k7MNZwsoZWcDN06vkMoqNiWmpGxTZa5boTQg75qyviSJqUHbyHxP+QhO9urOgrnVvf30chH9/gbbmCnkLywIau6TZqGBUhuxgoj1toIYe/fFMZcXjIzABzTlB6zHTBJxnHgJDjANCW6B3iVhFHSA2O7c0xv7+qigzK73a3MRsGIcQwFKeZWMe4R8gkP+YyNHf/FEweLdtW/D8fI5KvLpf6djbmpGamNOyJQCDvpCo0VwnzaGEMAlujJFivVq7EoZygFzYoR0s1shcOsipJHDVLqborlo3ozFfXoe24qXfp2qt7TPKAg1VtwFhKP3uPxvgoEQtPDrQwWue/KibwT58i0y+gyH9mXKEzLTasEkRghSdiQG8K8EKsZtDSb6oDJYUoAwKMEZoJSDIxmvau5aEANauvjQHuL6kGReKynF5Bimic9BSqCGZgtuA9ZT3i8J2cX1jqF0qfXsL1g3T13t4TF+pOufzjsE5uFWq1QwIlEIezaG1tC6Ts610wAqmhXXEJBmakIYMGCGVLGALMV1LWqZ4ZAbQEdDJFGJssxIR5AmiX1lsfVEqzAirsQ9CBy6MnCeDUslQm03GOHsWGLTGMxtnJlXEnY0IR2cLmy7SAiI4S9Jy+MuV+bXGGdjDbZExTlVnVMSplJbLJHtwAjISrG4ilXGEdMdGBRtTwgevRRKtAsLh9qiXG3K2YHcT+pc76LHPrdwkohVyDQSSsPnCf7uaTVCoTh2W18U+EOEJlCXpFlzaTY6CMJnIEsNKWHDsaj6gC9DsTF0d1OJpjuodsSQBLFMZJQQ2S3A3oNILopRNDuttXgLIQz8S3k1NjCWrVIlFha2gTyDvjSky+4WoFWuPk1e35H65Bl02I8I+TLI8gpyuJaYWlqam7i/O+f0yYUCVeasoJC3nZduAs59UVg8jAnzWDIXZjHrd7X0JEMoBBchZw+hBw/EIiQdENODl8XGNFev2Mo5PWy3ts85Hpgjn1HY1qOIbfzbfT8TgnxLi24UM7aRcg9HvLxicDqXgOfLyn+vxASNx1YJtUt7St7zYRwPuUh/wiesRqu2oyCd1YIe2J3GBPzR1XeDsblTFBud5SDhBlHkdXlqLXb2tnyAQ6we4l2R5xvIzoA7TNY3bhWQrIOIsjf81aj5zURkvfJkTDuzZUhJo9xrKC3O8GjsBQQrSqx3DJodDzw9PTMdneBIRthUKyg27pnqeNyhWWStGZCJrC68K9nl4yfTcPvshAeEgJvToimGaBqOVDLPWbQ7VRNTYPsFjBazwR2kkWRpbZZxUAzJnZ1KQiaMUBduwiZwMqQrj1BbyQ3cKVnMt9dIRt2hYDMCenGii3XNNC4xXrsXy1J3YwJmRkCXrU5ut6rthHMQKxUiS+466hy4MFJyEX/9YETS+rCXcjOP8QHZV39Qq1k/mIVQN85Iezd3wljt79Z73I7WzXZinKPEvSOUVJmxU7XqKMA1Cr0rZNe10irEXhIPeqU7LpmatRNfIRsKvHPUN0NNvL5htjjD4PWi2UygUDU5lvM7BQ0FK6fLGtMnO2NbpkBF2zAPe5sMbOzuqztegAcLcrsLD1R7gDOUeBuIZSDaIJyFA8hHN+1JzKLRf4g6L3TmJB/9n9vMRbQBqlAIPSX6h05OTn5TbAwXDUh+w/TWFvOlbDIl4PevI3EXr8lyg/c9LZdxBXqfPMlxRVp6en8M1DIagnJ/JDM2PowL+Tenk95sR8/0skSA1NWyXsr/ZOLyYb0JbMoUMhbZu9HDMZ94ZlbNPL7nCVCfvVIJ5GGp7o7StMM6fx+KGSVhHC+3spg3OFXPKUF30uSdZCH/PapjNu2zCzimZwcQ8V2KGSVhBTfwkasH/MTf00LvmEXqwtjNd9P99+1GBYiHTJdJVjXQjjGmjUTgp4nM+7zDfyfbGWwFqfbObuPIId+/rVIunwgFL9JIYKPEE5SwrJCtp/pD0nZvUko6tuYgzJBlhd7zWIC1FUGUN8DWEwmB28hJw/TGHcqGrflfsQIynu/3BB76ptf6lZ6tCBihXBm1UPuZYRsl0oThUvC262mUvTdWBWuVhVYYxTO2iGViQTUo3Ea6lSSUt3rwFkI5yiZcZgrKs3I+MFG8tFAXciLPf6NRCdcchtiYWelf+6kOD7yhUwzHYq5GDEGC+nHqimRLjjAe610b5ycMATq9e03R93UpMkUu4JOHdGInQqlmkT04i3kPI12SSJryNiGCQnckHiaF3v9fnqONvgc0iksbWzIBMn9sjcp1HE7h2SrsNGGKNZMuoOEtIkEApkgeEpu3ELVWzSaetQ1zjR5bWq2ggmGZqhlJtXU7OiohpqCs5CLWFX4VLhvOO3bP2LQ7i5cgeLc5sX+7FppTnD5Vy015GbkVoEGriQxqDyJVCFOl++Jtqy6OktwhFTmi2T5wRc+OeN0Uv3gePMgarLVKpijrqJJvUPBHhpoaS0aL7eViz04C7mM5VjSKnS4kX+HResbDq4LL+lksqBrhE2NqRm52yqa8ktLRSs9A7L2QiiumuVO6py9WklncID8j71zD2rizgP49uHq7UazCxuzeRkgm0TBJEgeRkRJuBDepIYEtAcoBqFqeQpWhQxURgS1BR89sPaA4qNUPWunVE9Lx/PRDmdHrzpzczgdZ3q17Uxn2pvedOZu7v663ZCE3YB3vdZANrdfcGZZd4adfPj+vt/v7/v4CZMWLN/8bMqpBMH2jbEJw3UfLk7M2vca8Iu68u0pWRszFuh/M7tAynaBUD9hBwTK1A8wqC3oZu0R8b4kgSho764jDX+qytyg1mg0joh3ezdtajo1PJPbq/svKYSFiT/+Uw4DkL58PvQn3CMAcjUqKx8MNnZSYchNg5OhCB6bymYzeAwas7jKHelAYmLL/R7r/xiHxCYNzyWQ1RA28A8xMZg8SIgHrNbryaQMfnT53Q4UvXXTIGN87tXq4sxMtURuqapScGVAYQIy8mUhKWMFBQVjgYuCgg5UhKK8P9ww4YyVKc+gTRWrnbiSaRb/j4GEocfwaS8P5fFQGIZJBDzeVMKZd+bTGyZm/W4Xtc2rVriU8nody4DEbigffvISu2H4ib/tAy+Kol5vSUkJdYH6E88dez7Rf5r/R1zKKGYX4GKzWmUpysv7Wb9yTvrUs0vDIdlPPix8IEK779+fuHz58oP792/duvUZeXV522By41F+2+3Q+l27U601yC0VAPuAsEWoaQ3fOBz1CBkyaUaxo8sC3bXtMzV2Am6FxSiVK3QckHDJgfdg9J6jlVqDcjwWK4QFRpicAMFjZdOf75GYpEoOSPiEmtYw4Zw03e6Gi1Awrd4JgrtmeN6Ok17vzyy55oD8B/m8EPWOTxb3AL5pDYEJM3tnbn0G0jwml44DEjb5nRctHJf48+OV/RB4zL959QZIm/5DF+RnV1xzQB4vgvMiuBvHJzfTuxzvLOMPpQWVpTNMv5QD8nhBPhHB79X6kxtp6lE+3zrZxYYcAcETHJDZF8rrrfVHG3b1qJUPTgLpvQhC7RyQWReqF/0r3DNppd2yq9ZAWv1AOgg1ckBmXZ4vgL1fSwl/nW6RZIjv93tHMAjr44DMumzrgC99oQjmY92BctK+3RA01ODmgMyySUde8cKFX8imSn3IcPBIL2lBdoFY/p9xqZsDMsvyWxHvTG3aVLKpHcSgXX0kFww6Z5LKGjggsyxU63MvTWXWHoMwML2zjVywFEappIcDEk6PanrWleq0/e4krbCkq76fD0EgBKXfxhXKnzxehgPyI6ToLzcqQxNLg8dh9JGlNni7iCDw/nxqFl67u1YibxByQMImJ0et4PuhfWjPl8CH/n47WC6qU8ilRuJ6OgjuRUiXKy9Mr8IBodai0QE+Zr3qYf7NbyshnSwpUe//MU5CGg6ismZvZy9gryzScUDCJ9L3l5EL0TtO5l/9eZTXfU4RNBVUX6dycqfRJSNktTkckHCJux8kefCvaHJDnCzetXOSyuCGerXUYfZlq9wSpdQoK+KAhEvaSRrk95CT2e5xgfR6R+JoN1wOQk6pSDVhNEpxFwckTA5vTTrEH7jCh9osLqbXK4If0WeG60xKk4lKV+lMhFGOV3NAwiOC/eSCdeeOlY+NNiB0J6sAhhNq6ECkSiUho/KHXR6J4iRn1MMjyNrdEP9KqnaAD53D6bHeRyXooX/10h91VWnUvpEA1a2mIoDVQJKXJi2MVA2pyedbP6A6pKB+eS1NRai2te8RhnfsMBsski4gVyKR40VsArJ0ffZhRqFt9qq3V0YqkEb+UWxUbD539GibpJUG4LyId4Z5MEsabjSaSC1qteByZidehAN5bsGmuvXNzHst/nF8qyIOSLv1ln5i4sEDvV4/8dkrU7IH5l3rZ5ZT40qTktQQuVitdkh17AHy7MpTpTuSmPf0FBDq2LyXIg3I63e9qBctKfEVU6NBIW/Ad/uZK1MD7jQr8uIMKq02tZ5FS9Zzy9eseuFXIRpCzeUejt/S1BxpQK5381Cq4QCm9xtM/qy/WeVhWJHWKhyvbdCqbCotq7ys+OXLmQ3lgs2JLacjc8kSPDyEomNjYwVj3YWFBXQpPGsdFRN0IHFyhUlKOKlmwlQ2ASl9i9SSRfQ7MRkJCU9HplEv+8GLjo1bGoSr87HdB4RT0pdPRiZqCR1IFyF3VDnMWptKpalmEZB5OwAgYwU74hBk7XovPGZyCahjpDD6AZ2NIOkOm+mOMBmip6pUKlI/bCqFkEVAVrbELtE3syQwrPkWFh2nXFjhMWZ9aDvIH7iqYaYFW1Xa1NRMlUqrTgNYBGSJPjExK5YVQBDk4Hew6ILvmipppwUXnSB/yBky+MokNmtUxZmZKkccuyL1DaUClmydII1neaILgkmVoJ2fSvGBhowhI+MqxWpVMQmkWCZkE5DsljVrEjezZMlqv8aDv/Ltux9sg7DOkRMj/g3F/SDUj1cyvF4gj7BlFlNfJoBNQJKySheVDrMEyMdnSCC+6sTeIyBGDejd7TPtfekQ9L09VBEqqtSZpNgqWAUk/sXymBgBO4AIH3bz4PHJ+t39voHJGNjWTqrLRQgDV097Ohd3akkNceawC8ibiaxZspAfDqGXxk2+jam+N46Rkg9B+Sca00EI3Du9r1PQY1FrNRY7wCogMesOL9rIjiULQdaL0LF/Bkx3WVlZ70gbSYT8B3XOpOQCu8t1Mg5gF5DyrE0L573KDg1Z+yEMHx9k3Fq9G8QgCHsdQObihcIBZMVT+rrQ3d5I1RAqLtwTMN05FT1UvRW5XoHYiTl6o7AAycg6ncCSSL3xbCAuBABdrUwi6yHp9O060g5EEZDslrc36ZewQ0NWXwucJQMAdplRqvBVkwh6gWgCAghefVnIkkh9hAxDzvuvi3CpUYrb5/aFnjyQZ5p27ktJ+eXL7NCQj7ungMTJJQoieMxzXkVlblQAGV66dd+W+S+wIw5BHhby0PFAntZuknsCeY4ui1jtOBkNQAAgKQMA1rMiH4KUZZBx4V+DA3wE7oCrK1SmmjVqIicqgJxe06JfU8cKDel90YsW/s0xvdkjrkpjMGgc7qgAAix+6bVyNhh1BFn7CEa7VYZpQBC3RW02iOXCqAASs7VF33SYFUtWzV0Y/cZmnmEvpNKgFlfNgVUPB5BfpzTPb14XaUDyGlpdoSaBSk/B92xVM/SnCYtqf/qh6BEGpHnH4/9vzoDoPDKLWRH6yY9cI4GoFMj0590VDV1AlABZ+vt9TSlvRRgQO+7UaFJNIQWgZBiC3jPPEAt2KXGCsEcJkGc2x8fHL44wIEUOjVhlE4cUrV8vRC9NzJT+q8elUolHEB1AgK0LFm9ZFFlAqhVqW2ZxcbGFaSgeHoI7Pp/ped/RJgpddACZ35JSt2plRAERmAiJiuRRrGIsQ2RcCHcwsiG6NJcvVq+wKBWyeiQ6gMxL2l76VGRF6nESo+LqnSt3iot7GGHI1174eDKdR6sM9x3HoquUSFrzgOgAsrHpzQX7FkYUkJwb/UMYf5n1jq2HEYZ8C8N76M+lyYxS+eTxhO64OXnTsNiQdUnzFkeW2zuCQaRgfOsofclCDlJVcvTnXLjUaCSqgbmTcABJXrFz50qmg1K+dONcAinbBWIglp4PQRfpfbUAVbb4Lv1GLq40/pu9sw9q4k7j+KrcEndzza5uzGaTnQTysqaSIJK3C1FAEyxIoQ0vOtd6irz5AhGpUEAcKCrvBWqoMogUsXJa36icXtUZa32pg059m6k3pXMz2vb+uM6cczfn3M3cX7ebhJAN9P7bJBfy+wvW5Z/9+Hue3/P8nuf7KBWZEQbk/e1xpetKWTx4tau3hRBIZz2EtaV0DkIYWOcvon9jjC8+xwrd8yW4gkmYyLMyIwdIUgwArGW1rr3PA0wJ9ClzdElFSIBUY1A9vTWELTSRoc2suFD8xwD3z5DwcYkMIHE3ebwzyfF+Cd/3FgO/P0RHjMm8MyHpMWTUEkX0d+4dgViD6v+cA2/cOcf7tOVSSAyZkQLktYULTTUmk1+p3Ip4YPkqJhwIjclCvFrt5cr7IwK3kKX3+T/3wwfuBp6QrXIg31GmzyXLIwUI8HH86DZW1UnP628l/yZ0PqRzHHJLIGfgMv8x3Ejn4llVcsBJCS45mUdozVRZQcSYrITVuwM+/BFexdLQAenCoGxGRiZTRjHy1L4a6q4fYXZcyESQMqlKUqVnxkNGTLZ3R9Kud9eGUeUicgz02imn1kzbrOnGNeRVBypuYL9rZUqBJMWOXIdEGTFATu3dun77ljAKDKclqYFeiWzA5apDPI8/PACj4vPsV9uVKqkiLVen0zp6RZECBDheUbE7jCL1vsOg6+vfMuvVy3/8+/HjZ8/dv3yOwuj+BwEuhI7VcWUZobXoHKHIZHEBZGlSUk1NzcIwymV1NbkmJzxiAO6BnTnegZ0ovzth9lyWcuseyqLVU2mZEQJkWXzCzb28m2FUKHfa9bjDp5cxM7EThTsmXc1zBCFldruNIlSiCAECACYmUj8SPkBawM/4tHlC3VM7/eRl7j1zZXfNelukIiw2u90cohpfTi6o1pXGrosLGyCbDyfwUfGFncz6/unTnycn//MF8/PdZg1UP3s8ZGYaZSZ0liIgcoAITXv3HhGFDZCjz3L44ga380aQjN6vsl0aT8p3EAT7Z9+aI8WE2UykbYggIP9rBR8IcmOMDx/wZqyQ9t77TZBngBTCdKI3zs6PyGUUlWsFokA4WsIHYhT1dRw4CGpY4BlCuLkOhM4qVfLZf5FhDdX+mA9A7m5E4Qmrt36kitBSlwRgndAjR4rdMnIliBxGx95kZiWETcPOOTE/5wey0UPEabHoLmqgVMaJdGFQ0yMjvifSgSxduLAmtvTjReEC5IIY/vKFwaupX6RW666nY+6hd82QoEkikbVHOhB6vVtjMoVLpC5qEMN/uz9tmQrK1Db1sGf8XSsoGLborUDkA+lZdWLdzbfCBAijGP4vqQr3Xsg6LZSWdiLMrOchUHBJSzjnAZAdK+K3xCwMPpCulDmGzu9E0e4flJJ8xPNrkVarvS2AxjcDff2g4LaZKtsQ+UBqYmJqt8cGHUhXPdgimsunj33d7rv8yyKVqlu0Nz8KMEMRLup08wHIkt8Jd5iCL880CLJVLD3rczH/s6/yfEBEvaQyjQ4NW+lDFqP5bk9DIh3IGz2vrVhhSgp+9XsLiIGH18zy6TD/pz/hMl9NT6K1xDoEQtnNKaAg/Rqhl2VGOpBfl74Tv359/KlgA2GqE7FZc+eZAcP7HhmVTn9jdjQVhOrrIGhEpQpJD0iwTdZHWwBgd9CbPvtSIYx2DgFjtXduhLuf3We1emSUWFOy3ZW+A0pckgFEPJC34ys++GBf0IscKrMxeoH9SwJ9eseAwkD2+lzFHlJJNh7DGHqDVk61yMIFiOnEQd6hfUHvwk2hnfRV+iuzhK5EjE8fkCmdPq8ud49Ys7YyEztvOcNtf3ACRPh+rHDlL/0jd0COQYJh+7AGGu/0e7iS9ulTrfLyGQ9SjhukRrxI2AYKsGuE2ToPgACxC36RB4dAWkDN5cJvaKPlt0VEnxyA999p9n8tU4qTjrR2YM1Q+iW9ORRaDcEHEndz9apDwU6dIEOg5mph4WUN2MaK0/k5z9h+PkNPuO+fNnzLqJk4EucBkDd2Hz/1TrAV5fr6Qc1FO/F3Adjvl0A5B/M7mtixSREpU8gMNAeV2kIRxfPBZAHb1m7aFGw1oMp6SHCRMlZD7k6Q6XWB9umpJUX+ZdO9EqNUISsAMlWE2qZvnw9Atq06mHww2EoOXZAg/bpaRnOBqv18upg/NYKTCr/vbiUVBrxYBOThqrQ05bwAEpO0a3cMq099dNEo10BOg4JhW6GEtlx+HTl0nM6/MyCV4lV+h8ASJW6kORThUqM0pP2dQQOy3GRa9/py1r44s4BrIPQha9hmNzAC7jNefSeMdj8+a5TKWLce7eWJ7oBEqSCLE+cDkI9Mi2KXs46TixYs5hoIfci6bNdZgUGX6zDiF6ePpZ81qMi5yt6yilWNYReocwEk7uBWns+IH+/p6Tm1BHivws1l394THPUYZh4GBT8/+cv5899PTf14fnoxwyGzX8hkJXNsBFF5Rvjh4ATIrliAN518XxZfW1ub/LYXiHDZsk852iGdqa7Jbu84Qli8f7q2GuX/VF9ZEHAHVVDiLEpM7MVxRfm8ALJvbdzqmFJW1cnopvhRTk2WqKvJ9ZCPwmKx2E3Eu2g8k6lFe9gNzhuMpIysyiNVBmW45d65AZLES+DVsjUX1249uFjIqQ9JgdLH+OibDQ0NE2NjEw3Ta2IKG8GVbBeSxyiKS4x6sx6XFcwHIHP9B2Y6ojkFcgycvAJf+YL5yeVK9eUX21zQgEGqYn34ItyokJAOQqulDInzFAj3gWGLa4oPv/kJzf5FuiD9kfdeVsiU7xql7GFrcpmD0hFmi1qnqwKiQDjyIXXgl3z4Hr0Rsq6lC7CLXhu1hj573XbgODvcyCPUNrvdptZZ8qNAOAKyefxxDir+jv7u+bZhgeZqoy/Bhf1BG6i/e5LQMWp/anUUCGdAOuvv8NErz5lUle2qRnO5xJvgwqD0RwoZyZa+zCNoHvZCO0FZo0A4AlKtecgXN6xkgKi/0QiGvSXtKaCg6b7RqCxhn3sdjPpiod1CZkaBcATkNDbmlSLLs1zHMPCG5/EgKBiRGFRkwNV5FuUGUhZ+N+oRA6SVCdPdbWtyPSNn0uw9e4FgfzGu3BN4T5tvK7Tb9VlAFAg3QBCkLcFz6GU+dtmwT86kDgRbhVnyWX8gdGqJXCsQBcLVDumrY9QsvftA3ga5e9aAzpZsVsmD/zE5K08ORIFwBqRzPGdmlJSoGcSy6waPnk4FvbJM/08rMoBU3rmCdr+c9tFHMRADoWwMgsDxZiAKJAQ+pPohH+0glN58mWgwFQRBGkd2SycQBRKKHcJoAzyh9L4UYmdKWyoG1VUDQBRICIAgSE03euWpnUyceQKsSXE3uInK25EokKCbrF8xs9bsVQGYmKDcqVQ2bogCCTIQ4Xf70Q5qrlRhFWlQkCVRIEEG0ndPDP+VmqMKUWhUSaUqoygKJLhAKidg9EnuHKU+okZHbq6jN7pDuAPSPNQ8O0W7JQcWn/O7pRVaS6yeI3A+RRFUURQIZ0Aq60Hs25KAc5PoeTfa/WrmUpBpfSarGDslcuJpJO5EokC4ApLCDGW5HjBqDflQDOe8LPYTB1B4B9WLVFqqDC+OAuEMSCuIYYJh9sxgBHkghif8DlNudWqcSebKzTbdf9k796gmrjSA3xgc4gwQHnkxoMgQAiQQQgLlUVIhCRgFeVkVRAEjKBxQkJf4FheqKCooVSmLD8RS122xWLVdz+pp3ba7e+xjW9xuV/ecfdY//MOz/+x2/9t7hwSSMCzj6lDTM98/zAzf3MzMb777fffOvfezkHyVxRmQnDPQQiTi62EuA9z8UZAVEjZpCIvDQpJC6JE/DSqVRZWWzgPhCIj/8n24JFMiwcdcnrG8HwZZcZumViJLj1Am0T2NYZa0NC3JA+HMQk7nijM/ux4jwT5xPrr2J0TAVy7NkPhDtIvPUWpVWkviMh4IV0DQXPQsy1kx1ubU1pO/f4O48dcQxfSR0/FJRXEk2QB4IFwBeQ3Dr0aQo2J8iXO/Olqt4QvGDEUXFcqMiPFRwdgAAAxLSURBVMU8EM6AoNRF8pUf5uK5zj3r7wb73ClKYhyykN2wzbN4zA2QwBbBvOcx2BpNIBxAc0Fw7K2po7qdwcTn+Z5VMf3AQHwFCSLTswORb4FBViNY9dJ5sfPqAOdWEHv+9tuF6TyQpxGNYeJv6jMAWfYhJs68DTYorojxq1Ntw4/XEN3/Cg1xMRH55uwcHgiDWIspihoWgnVmlE9EVkd1PMMcw5V3cfH5yPhK5TcSfN/UaJKbAT5dV0IXXnQOrxoURWHLeSDTZSjc29u7aqhQRGdiDeztNbT8/4VVnhfjZ0IWb85HMw72Tx5+m/B584pyq3OQlV6UGEcq4nkgM9lJR2vVyLNXWenn8Zi7G6XxC+Mc6+nTgpbPuBvh0r3VkBKXmEJe5IHMIEJTqqDl2Z366R04/tFmsCwi8gyOtTne/3M7CeKPHylcXMgGMiUxLuo4D4TbdkgjdB1oYZmGhdCrL3Gs8YOWrv7VXyIinZ14Tj6ZpkpTHo9syOGBcAdkAMP6euDf9Q33JSdjHF79YyIg7zeKsAjXWWspFpVWpY1KC4nngXAGBC1jcu7m0aNHH/zBYDB8e5SWn79D+HSNkSmuHz38M7Ra1WotdCQreSBcAZH3YfifdqJsa3TGtTV0qjUCbvvcua6Nc518I82ABrLakpJIbuOBcAXk8A489zFBL58RMJWNEK2l8fexFPcHH2HRarOyoqJSDvFAuALSmHvSAG1iRX9/Xl5eV1dXv126fvbl3WlALpJQtFH5Hhf6ehCQN05+medD9K/V6TIs/z4ryXxZB0WOlp2JeS/ObeYzkG5M2VSUtNzz2oYeBIRO2LnmfeixQ7WqszGOheNO5+KS+xmV7qMTcyo3Nizm2yEcAlnfFhsQEPwuevANJIlSrdlrMgzfcXuzP0MQ4IntQg8C8srvUYVFT+xcHqUaFeNXe+jj+x3Z638c4jFA/E9/PlFhATT1mXxvssP3DcxhKzyQObWQ246lAaCFZOQnZortTgQ2F/uy5TyQuQYi/6SbsBsIyIkMiziD4yfQFKnDS3D8imdNAfmRWIjXHmLFWvt2dlHUqERMZ5wawCS5X0QoD/FA5hhIz3d7iH6dfSc9js4xfFAO1vdh+JmkJEU2D2SOgWx5TAS/49gJJcm00Ri0yvvLElzyTZIyMocHwh2Q0wcHpq8WegT69LcdOxEqbdot2q0fREPnQkKXAx4IZ0AOn8Cch13ZZaTLJ/imYwflGFaNxWB9R/bh2IB9JC8PhBsg8oOYBFuyxb0Zgqai/9mxt6yIJDfdl0hy+ySuo0p5IM8fyABK14X8tSuQ74ID8v4zOZJhQ4ZCGdGHQwfiNNqBB8IFEFgJQSDuSVT9ex4TPtcWTs1Ez27YtgpGvNBIjvBAnjeQ7U7HetowSeYoDGmdkqhWJUNH/yZBfOo6OhF9sZJgbY4ER1ZTIasrkNa0s7vUMpMvCy1fU9lT3L7QJPMAIOqOKUt4DZOIP9COuiRR1V8GoLGLCPiH2/hd/wOYBN8PwIRLvzQezeoKdN8L2F3q4Hg4C63w8fqnuH3beLsHADFXTG425uLi6xZt2vUYpxkHIggsOs8n4NevujmWxlzsRE/21tBKNGpxcC9LIF+nsrvUelYFhu8teYrbL9hb6llAoIFk3sqyqG7tE08s02cH4v+gm7ixdtqZbx04cihEGZlxnAfCEZADmHiMtGRZ0CypyWxrEMj6b4OJaxsXMxS4TRFKJ13jgXABRPpTLGYsilSp0n4hmaqzIBAYZAV/qtgtZwYSyQPhCMj6NizmA1WaloxLmVp8FwGxXiOI3xWFMfRYHQpThmVU8lUWJ0DkPSdw8ahFpSUTE8+LJ9PfQSClN4gbX1kY86Ru3r3x1XgeyNPJyDybnI2FvAJbFqNpqpSouLixmMk2OATi3R3Q/U9LosuA6pUb7D7FfyJK5YGwFnmqQJTKBsiWXHHmLa1q6+7EqLEY3PGpvLkDPNgTkKclnYchrnpJoXCZJFW/18auYfi1id1Vl3AAZORFqbKk82PBRJa2+bJCN5FVdMiE9Jbw9qNHjz5TRW0rzCDvPnqU6UcflpkvFz7u7r6TtXqT00m785XK/MhCoW+9L60ljB5vcStaaC2cLkK/74ed9Zh0JhRt4/PsilbhTEqFslPjNuEsOlO/ZfUeD//fejIBt0CCEmpqajRlQgOdvxDlMaxoFrmL0ejY0j98+PDJk46O5nv37sFNx//VIjOUJ0/uTZ7SbLx8Dwk6x3Fuhd6t3M4LIiZRVzvt6C+LZpKpAi/rRbNpNV+oFs0mzR3G6Rc5TaeGUyCLNE1NTV5lsKVdHThRZbGYY5jMVKe4RbzRS2cvZ13z7DpDehZ3oWfRXdU6OLtObdUL0rlo9e5NFelm9CHuksCiko+mZtcpb2VhwiIWqQxF1tl1YlkAGX5RgJQJDMX2rthBPxZvNovuOiGLLtugAhbOzcZiSJctkIW7ZmFFpSz6o0vKAS+88PIiSO8vJ6rHkgVNQ0AmKBYy1SA1tceQBy+mKJN0O0UlMDp9iv5Q0UJRyUA+v7aXSaeKoqOH6AXFJeASRaUGuSsUFgvQt6JFprp1QDdDIYtMC9ZNFFIOSilKwFS7BXrVoqbFMXTBjl+d7hUp1KSxURRlC4K3xvThy+pVRz8QWy2858HhpiHugYTvMtI1u9lr6bA8tk7QrJuuY2rVqFFFWxBda5bH1o4wNbpOdSar0TNorRspB00ijZrh/mzqZDPyoJpkL7NUU11wzN1165oFdQYdkFNUU2egl0hjZPJt8J96SFJzyqt6SGMeYXRbqa0aI3ySXvqRUnmBMcHM5LcTOhPU0Of7hodfqCrpsBUwPWy/mgvopahXJ+iTg8zzDcVz0YFCh5gFncDPPKjWASOD7zYfA7GnJsLIU4BSG5ga37HbQR2Kw5YaDb2gegQYGMxogQloJgJjmVrXUhGb4P5y+6mlQRBCmbEQmOv1NmBIZnj54btRTa9AYVVbWzpik5micXM7aIVmkdwBr7tOADS7GJSaW8BwE9poN0rLK1oFzG9/JwLiRQHv2AI9GDRymMha2hQLpQDYaCCvt4LC6nAzjO5HnJU0SGdedQmg6JZRfcUi4Of3utol4NyOdBJE0aBpAQrG/FrUQmO5/V4nbQPpNO1KgMr0bxtMwFp+TO3eC3LJDIbMJUBolAF9QXUpoBiiTZm6DIhQ7RhoaIKFtKsZulKk8AKWaqBuea96cLgGtDCF2vpokEq/8VQqGCopb2XuTKtGQAQCYBNVtaIXhsOurMECKDK7hbSbQYl5nTpIqnYJ8MqRjl/nf9s5Yx5FgSiOP1aJWGABGe1MsDIMBWJBLGik0FI7iAY3JiQQSCwQr6AiWdtNLNbOYsmSix/CZD/aDe4md7c77ZrNZn7lMHlMHrz35s8wMwPhel4QF11b1fLfPmLVZ0le5uj9Gagucdju+N98uOqzcjioVxb06G0BPfuof0W18EgAdK0lWKvKCCX56+qyClmQ3o0MaRIhWMPbyTqw+5XEkND0EYmtSTWArnpNwQONHiFVHuYzOA7zPTzaX7/DIh+eecmso20kjCHSsgmiZdvmXu7HIN8fANWTbEtRAIrlWC03Q+Mk05AZNAOKbFuojvVbHkqTM29KDY5TP87u0STT4scIuG1PQ8cg3tP+BiEXh6sJmjwTI+nIsWgSAe8vxjxr341iS9yQkdG0j2/FdovUfiyQ6u8kKu2Iqi7/mi04pWbHti8JL0b960vIIsRYOuUwxU8dkI4mLZN2FDyHVh+8KlOswzuZ+g2b38BUgX6YEhMKL9JvdgDJ130c4sLF+HPJLswjqimA0oFXGaHqVXKxKyuIGBkUG5qRq7dxDfnFiR+QcZT8ga4s+RUobchJ1Wyb9D4yxmE5W8KKJ3Wzhhs/ZwsSg8Fg/BjmU+aD78Sd9Xd6K/mfC6dXD2Xmpdshqr058n0JTukM8nPoLopOLm3KhnRKK4nQ0aJehpifbob7oJXNS/SC+LGQzs7Ng+Xqqri7T1JtZOREnaqoUFvMT7dj2G+dL73n9ozbb+XAA9tFtrjDsAvi+5gonACkoGRuuh2aXz4o/fxkpY7RtadgrXR1rjXAcNZrsYqQDouQmyI86YJjmo/qwLD0IBF72fi1tk3haJjhgtWQ26MsYRqO+qCMnhTIudxLzFQmjaBwfLU+5CV1NstiMBgMBoPBYDC+I38A7I2J3CRG8OAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.23

![Probability calibration of
classifiers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability calibration of classifiers

![Probability Calibration for 3-class
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability Calibration for 3-class classification

![Normal, Ledoit-Wolf and OAS Linear Discriminant Analysis for
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

Normal, Ledoit-Wolf and OAS Linear Discriminant Analysis for classification

![An example of K-Means++
initialization](data:image/png;base64,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)

An example of K-Means++ initialization

![A demo of the mean-shift clustering
algorithm](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///+Kiors7OxpaWkAfwAAfgC+vr7/AAAAAP8AgACmpqaioqL/AwO2traTk5MAewD//v7/BwcDggMIgwj/Cwv/+Pj9/v0AeAAJCf8MhQwFBf8QiBD/JCQikCIAdgAUiRQPD/8UFP//Hh7/Pz//8/P/7u7/FBRAn0D/4uICAv/7/fv//f3/Dw8uli45nDn/NDP/GBgaGv8AhAD4/Pjz+fP/Kir/TEz/zc00mTQdjh3/enr2+vbF4sX/xsb/Z2f/Ly/q9eo/P/99vn3y8v//Rkb/YF//6Oj/09Mnkyfv9+//UlL8/P/4+P8xMf8ZjBklJf9Go0b/c3P/s7MgIP/Y7Nj/OTnQ0P+43Lj/3t3m8+b/gYH/j48EgAT/wMA4OP+VypXh8OHs7P9arFoqKv//iIj/lJT/WFhVqlV0dHT/urqczZzX1/+6uv+Skv9qtGpUVP9MpUzL5cvCwf//2NhHR///ERFnZ/+z2bK/37/T09NOTv/V6tX/bW2iov9ksWSi0KKQx5Bvt2+EhISs1qyKxYr/p6dQp1Bubm52u3b/oqL/rK3Q6NCZmf99fX2n06fNzc3x8fF3d//h4f9cXP/Ix8eDg//Jyf/m5v/d7t27u7uDwYOsrKxfr17/np1iYv6pqf/19fVsbP/d3d7Z2dmOjo6YmJgAKQCurv9xcf+0tP//mZnd3f/CwsN+ff+dnZ1QUFCxsbFXV1eIiP86OjpOAAC0tLSMjP/p6ekCT2T5+flHR0cGAu4BAflMTExmZmbzAAVgYGAAZADh4eFDQ0Pn5+fl5eUAAFxuAABjY2MACdhbW1sGW1JAQEAAAEzlAAoASgBPALDUASu8CQKRkZEAAL8dHR2DAnwvAtEvLy8APoMAAKGkAAAAAH4eAeIEHsjOAAACcSAAKK01NTUYUYtuCJc+Pj6nCmAAXkIXJ9+xAEwUO7LkFiF7i9voOVBTkYMvVLWStLrYkH1Vbs3By+xHTwBKJNZ3PQA6chGwfFS6oYE3d4C1g85V7P///4ppfwD//4r1B0zcAAAgAElEQVR42uybzWviXBfAj44RTLBXRjBIMS6FQN20C4suiivdiIuCCEKlG4MLqSuVgrVRqlBSXbiotQvxYyd+IKWkYClthWHorghdF/p/vDfaz3mmM8M7nXme1vtbNMbkxnB+ufecm6QABAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCISfUWOur6+Lk4+meg1qVfmbHQz10rO1YvHVI6l7/CtbLjvVh0213vPjOxuvNSm2WuXZFFK/adFMY/JR7qdAbn8rhD97HhlJfPVIqYHplS2f8u2HwJ8Pnuutd+XvtzBU51oX9GwKOVFixTM4aO1xVzwX5ZTU+qIv58UaaIU8bSqPh1KpLp12eCifSl+aSiNVR5DUoGpAQwXMtZhP0ac0pO46p9cynEunLb4mMXmlL9WFU4avjrtV5Tc6p/nU5UWtV4WaqC6pPgkj1fisA/pP+TKURZU4Ej9J53D54EjMz6SQ8xtBkurFQbGYOr6jz88HTu24ejSWyt0OpNra7lHpgqkfD5lUn1EPaO14ImRwVsxLMGxDeQj527I4ZrSDRn2sKg9btW4nddaq3eSLaoDSRbN90jm+YI5xo7lhW9sYXciiBOqL0fXXRvu4fVu+1A/LlYvL3riKpTfKl/LdtENWhWFjNoUMqhW9+nwoHDnlYREur5zaC4A7LXTyQPe/DETotqFyw9BfzrRdgLxKaXShhcpX6OILuw95ERo3MvR7dTwaVbplvGt+6LydRLM4kIH+qhwBc6LFf7AQlQil4Uh/IpahcVGDT19p+rbXw8emh6oiGO57SKra78zokFVTFqXKWb52LwTH5qSMhZQGRZAEJZzam1aHKVaGD0JOsKM+9PHfLghNSF3VoF+tD9Rw1C8ru2pLg/NpWpGB+WroaieNKlMhTRHUd+dQp0+Y+pUT8n2mQ4+qZ8q50FfVpzM7Gs6mkNujcnmUootiX+6KKTxkVU5wD2lD61S+Yno3EpxJKXV/rnhUVN/N9cYTIVda0HdBPKv0L5QekrqtQbdaH0v6E0Y+axb15dLNREitKx7h3DxRAZ2To15qNKi1r/Sq8UjbK/eb6pveebt7VKZrdB8b6JWHHYOo9C2Zqei74kwKKUl5Ia8fqQTVORQF1ehabrQAruvQpqEsXNM9SAli6bgp4BSeElSdycU+h9N5B0oqqdqBagVGTRk6RXWzmmcMoL4WxJSsUk+OPhKFHhhajfu0IDVKTSfQAj1XKkpCpwbVPP4VSWjJRQZAKwmMLE+E8Iwg0PJMCjHM1M8SCAQC4ZGRlvBj1H9XyPVZU0V4nWb/L98Pm9OSUeKH0H9biJ7E/IcwRAgRQiBCiBAihAj5U6wGP56QYmvyBO5dCsmYLbsfToi21/oyvTXdem9CTDaWW/t4Q9Zl5RQLkVMp4d31kKh1YfPDCTG1hsqrBiWVNH0U964Iej9iUpf79fc5ZH3IKstA9+bOSqTs/Q8l9TlGTeYhZB7y5iw5iZB/HdfWCty/AhzwODaJkD+I17Xy033iZnYjbUtOPkdY7oAI+XM4/cj+05I2yyKEOP+kj6yFzAEi5M8RNiPdT4cgb8xWMLKx6XQq/t3dTYlMkAh5A/iCJbb4C0U7JPd+2JGSIS5iIkLeJIm8yVGyLGfjiZDfYnHppRh8gXu/ialz6ZW2pmws86L8XSpEXGTI+i1W7ZbEs9WMZcO7ZfEHYXNr/2kXzysJPB5CKEqS+puS49gNw8PK7oYRoYSd5fZWLJzjvl8E0yy7848qwKVsjVOIXSNC3pSklco9rqQ5DWUJuynf5qqOtU7rpbCH0oReRH01ltv0oDS/lw5EI24nrKwQIW85ZsWfMkYOUQdBWHTtg+nAdi8hiZDV9Vg54YxhinBUmkKWuJGzOE0QcC9bkvxW1EuE/IH5YTbxGPoHTd6I5akLZRa2F2GdQ9F1S2bfzHmWcKGLKK6whVg3EfIGmKavLZh++PbC9NpfXY+tbJqRZhOCB1Fe+TLpjgMkWBTyJXEmir1FxbfpnXEhOaNnFccWL/458V70Pl/g/MKuHSCNdbuQm3yz68bVWdbtckcCKxDctq1HF3/3bPhDo80700J4O8vmIpYMrqu2nqvIJngI2yx7Sk6fLgDcKBTboIxWhNhtU3Jvxc593twNcXbgAwnekLTh8ux3T2dlHlHx2e4ha1Z7BqGFjNWx/zS5ixcQ2oIox9ohHM+wyDG5ar3bdiOlmV9QhCRDbMzOahQhDn4N752lKB367QKY37buLM14Ug869y1UBII4DnzYBIl01rROUYhzQ9wXyoWXNbZlDTpUMn3UHNLodMhfSMd2t1h2Yy+9FUj70y7Y5jh3jsOeJp0suGRYS8f/z7MxhBdJlQWrC/MxHHFnxBoL+jiry0dpHBHcYfZzmRxL+SI6yqKEKcJSSEexBxC0+WJp24Iv7bWw82HcfmNnPxjx29LKdCRqdWzpOAduEM4EDN/UcKTK+jUhn9E8LrI2dci8a+GWCyFq+mhkdZ71+M14LKKsWRzgwIJ9LbAVXYIsS4Wi+2Zk3PWwn9cek/CkXg7iES1mVm4w8htc6OVtrcxCzEmE/AJLG0ZHnA/G/eZ13uVOphE6nHzvoliPs4B0Op0GKTORleT2RgJWD/1WPHXPReYji/FDDdrYXX3qCPwO0mkcfvcqLgwcLHpxB8zrQ8hFhPySEX/IvLNsjmQnA/heCNnCk+jmIoElG6XDmYOyRBcTNiPFLjjTHGXxII3xcD2gONNpjOaDxxvG3mUWUcgcNuEvkjvuFx1icYO1hImQXwFfuxSiNKxtIsR0gND64vT2lNdP6T7PK0aogpnS6ChH2I+nIlk7paHQcmBvC3cf/MFuyT5UbQtpD7ecsHuS3ylqE/skhzyxGf/ekzzehYNkKljNCOFwT8OaoCifzbO9BLs7CziN23xYiEZj1iljl9lh1ug++yOUsmZEZh1Cn30WxPrh/j0JJ2xm4m6OPXw3t060YuvfeFEuYA7988FFNhbR+JR/MNh3Ff7H3tWzOI5lUdG8G2iH5RV6YCGEpFAgkIIqBxJWYBRJiXFgMAaDjRM3Cowc2VBgl8fGazBjOnR7nS10vMkEG2zQEy3DQgf7D/aX7H1P/qqP7qmamq2pXdeDLrtkd3f1Pb73nHPffepeZb+10TCAYMoMpRHWH5kYsqywAHEgPB2Ao0MFHniBkGw0vdEImSVl5I99w/6hv6xdep2AXHz38V9/cl4eEPzQdu5eW+uUHu3cMHMXgnSLPo83RIkLLAaCYdezuUYUCy/iL9LR+YNIEQhQnk1QWPXjILUA0itH6N3lLh2PIGwsu1y+GUhXr7Bk/eXnHJAXHbZe+qe7fu0BbyY2KiqTwdtHbWFRvcafdLiyAm9IwFivLIEOZkpgEbAzFMHVfsSrGK6md41B3zT1cZeq26gJzPfCi8xk/T2j7IVuKaZ0sDWVnr9NXhsgH/7xI3599/37f77ocYTTffGyq3r4bdKKZgoE5R3JKBh1Hslih2NA7YFMM6cUAGcQUaGIPjS4rEonNM8Qwma1wgII0xGnmeSplJrbgq/C8K7QLcYA06oJ6OfrrwyQD+/FjfCcn3764XdTWWgFtbbUdrXNNagBfmSdhI9mkeZC6F4RbvBQ8bJ50UZnoWNGcFysmcYVFwvyBOEsok2q+Ab+opuEVZs1N4Wwa2Pt439qpgY7oVvoqNa6343mtFJ7ZYD8/Pc/f/wdOOS2tor8TUEaqBD0J26rIDVsYyylGNQqfrSvRjkgBlIJgemwibggDhWZk/suVeTDAgUpXeeJQ8dRbFjVwE7QjVTmxgZTpH6IflK/Pnl4TYD8+Ifv/vi33xmQwpKXpoZHUBcVBvaipVJ3mSEOlIXSGPJ4E50Xrmp4w6Mtw5aJjDiuXHZxdCDAZNLsmCLVyKAuBoyiSqskSfi8CfnzMYatpsWr/AZAb9QtCjMDfYbF40tX0pYeIi5WReFfNVs5ZgUXWMwien4JKO8CR9c65FAShWQGevnUplWOyHQ0eAPka6t/g7Zj7YI5QwXepXSSBJRAb2qj9aAVA+hqzE7TQKQAv3ACR9xB+G5mFWC6eD2oIqfTmWSrwaoiHArUw4Cqc8aZSlprZqX8BsjDqxGYcVLIKLg1IW9pWjRURaGWTnTP8HUCXpUeQ59Dwyq3IAI/VQixLO4Z8RVKq8tWAHS2StO1FCHDV4hVk0LXDydGhHakbZnGGyBfWWtN1RvOvg/bMdWWFEYp4kBonLRR4VJ3AfvIU493sZBL3FuA5MVNpA3jNjEGLfM6aZeyLJUGVNY0mdaXnR6CkPS7i6JUj8K3knWne3h4ls7HkhRWI2GYrzvCpY2byM8e1vk5yF59Ke8QIfNQmEIhak/YYy+yCFFc9JXDjGK185Yemn62GKGjV8BaZiaykXRRNdXVG6nfs4RbUTpQXNVXQvakxlxA5PTihSO1fcpdR1kqRwAdNOz6rlPlptYdOtkR/E7vYv4oMukZuY2MxL4J4BtotyaNKBty92Gy4Rsg94gcqCWK+KCpTvDhKsa638BvUfZq7VQEVKathcvLkz2ThjscaIXdoXd209tnCwtGMZwQjWIoIms09OIzKemCxtuLjZtoecaAPHyfhYuyT7uiRLVMU8xVT7C62JPQV4Fma53mpsMWLVxClfpUJ7dI/WQxY3eJWJ0q3HpJ/G6rF062UVlqUTQnohxq2vjQT1z2ZqVzAmRaiR+e9miEOVKNrS3o9apHcWkKaONi0c9VlXIwfdot3UsCA+6EPb9OQb6/WIXPLzoddPbAt7tajEDT3k1FFqrm00a3/tcB6armvfnafv3WZ/JixyrTDeOkLAbhRCvxiAHcyQvGiPzNpZwWNoBRSbQpwerzOTy+FanuUCjMzwyQsVa5y6BDjS4efrONRcUvtcNSKHZo3UmTUCFyY01+2lK4PVTIHho6lCIBsd1ZSjPmdpjb3ovuaOycEyDSun2vR2Kq/BTz/bsuFGwViL4Nmp6gAnBHemXOW1DgVcgTEUHRrPFOF9HRyECwluZcthEwO6XiulG4Lv/af8//ocpqZz6fDXHdA7k0xvnTgW8Q5AECQrSiMSRad+NtXYCn4iGyROhhoqPKQpYaMLAGEQXXdw+WEFPj4hdO8J6H7C0tr6WeaU72camaVt4Sd9JDj4SNPJXT9HQ46ID8q1YunTvdJkNns9agMuTzQ2CKWYdi2GjZs8KQmaOzBiQcpQWp1dSHU8b2YzqJAWITr1yWbuiOzOlcWo84dceKTORnLMLQJcJ8WIypN1LFhfGw06ttqaFQZb1STTsfbyyeJSAl1yR9ac7vSbLcu7NSp9lcIKGERjDkGSKGe8CtzyZiK1B+5kLhhvgGEw2CapNDHSWBqnYNIJZqlJPdfVJap6P2ZwTIlWc2+1I99k726HZjvNLCpD6fLVHyBrpCqfzsdUguvj9CFE4qNHViSv0AlOmK/xQiPxz/9mGU8ylZy2h6cUdhFTMmTPuwYgVcCmW53SbPK1V5D9g4IgI0t43QasW+6LDsJhvKve61tOGntt7a7ztErp2EI9Jej1TUqHFGjl7imYDE+4oH3qZqRxaf5+rK1LU58r3CToYjzRceezvm89jCXRn5KHW/GhMZ4NRtk9+oZGXLqyveMEOZRcBYGZRQNxe8qya4j7clZwGIY6tqq89JteUiIMpun0ks/Slh/5YG1pZS0QOZUqpo1VI/1vXoQlrPs2su8gZnCwjKXucBQCgxZKMmNSwqE3scw7FeucovB/troMFpRwzqUkNX5e5o1PLA669rnNEj7oZ61MgVFj8/d2aAOL5JHtg77alMoepAKrpA7STx4CSOj/HkX0mc2EXXoe8HiDZpglbwIj9Xq+W3w06BVhulMG/v8PNzznkB4iyaoDzQjk9WYcvIpsOyC03Xj0H+TRYxbAXiibLDlqq7GzI6UYUQ9UY8jyg9zHsvgerlVwLIh3fOSwCyZnDrljGD+eziCEoTthZlMn0CHpdgmnApf6NkWcf0wdDnJ6imPkF/KEn1+Wy1v18j/wmqrHr9OgD58P2/P74EIImv+icWpBirpHezb+5FKIEWXsAer6wu6ZdPuL6Yl48ifHXER6/rUtviYkuPar5KB5vOsYQWp4E2exWAOO/e/zV/9l8+jtDgRw4OdfrKVsVut7BnqzlW9lpGZV3RH4fIpfnp02fT/Pzl0+fLx+gsPxwEwEKppnOXSNR5ZrLplHdw9jdGS1XVc15Fybr4gQPyMv9dRWr/h7zr+Ulky8J3cW9uyDO5WAVUKvyoRKAx8CiNvygUlBC1SxcV2mAEkWCI3UQXRkM6mmAURmXoNnE1C0N068LNrGf10pk/oJP3n0zyMrOde6sKBUUfz+nkNT21aIoCTLq+Ot93zrnnnNs0/9PWq0JdMJm9JCAxehJkde281Bsg5Pbr2BjHjY19ufVwv5v4RbXxAoFQ3AdZWUyd7CKhflU9CAjaFci2BqOlFWnn+9AQoAPy7bar2J795F8/ynT7KCEJ8OK++CHRaDAdzdZERC6XgKOOOmquXjSQr7djrbOvL5sItydaUFIvDiJV6jmkxkGwdkytYiYqoH0qbcQcjLaU/T40xDrz15++5Q47Phe2HWE82zVRInuim2wblrbc0UxDQNrxTKJQYvlYTuzJQtADU3leNhEUODOWvPTSR9aENeFoaHs7J+PgJNAAm9WU3O5qxKqVPxuQf/zln3//6RuKum8Sf5zG+KjjYiifD7HXzZMKi83bNioqhCWCJCUlE30JvROQZ82lHYWXVQSpWqsj1EJSm24iZ2dY1zUpgKW6crrncSqpB2d8U/KEl/5synK0ij++kZcVmV7xvV9f7Lh2g/HN/Zsqz7byCuqzwSYobxQlKrTIAkXqZGkPrhGH3LXnARFagHC/I+tmoSknsTbrC7bass9Sysi9dEJlPCwQ5HkYdVbhhBcq43+gwPCo3WSsLLvq2OUV5nWliBS7ZgvnMBXbQxaO01qrfSLkFO5ZTb9HQbjt4vnCriE9Wsu6CUKiPnKAu9oXhcZhqc6h5lnVXDN0FOqX/xeResTrfZv5VG4PSzRCDqmCKISPuhust1YLM7riwm1VDc9SFteSco7K+xPUEMd3hzHguKopTgQ1XpCSQVBhRWLWWKwm9DZb9kcAZDHuN0Qk5J/Ek/R8OO4zzCQppRJsXVegfKUuNZAFsfJFylxOqYcMlsc0kTFPF8bak8SuNkPYlCbHzgZSDlif0EXF3BSj5hHOfkxAho+m/Z14jOBlu3GaGcS2DMi48ELIFFA9bo/tqlQ9KscMieNijVJK9YDvwdP6QoN0agtfb596vVz4CWUhpHFU39mMzN0z0cjhHIj8Tl3fFCNbS7Yp+fMlD/0HCJWKHH2xP1DVAH5jynso582FwDbGQ77OlEo2TMJXUYJ2KkEQjKlI0nqKRL7c6sdj+4DdmA66m2kVofBSMBEVnMc84qiBJAWyJz3dFKMqyZv9D0h5Rb/t7zB+D8DnuQ8tH8vvwt7Qve/LLiy7cu0/TAfUohPx6TN3MV2Si+FmiaAeY8Mxz5cvX7hOPCC31yX3AiU1VaTXUV0paoJ0pXj4Cqg0o0hTWptiVNaWWosEguey7wHJDOEpZhb+rZwP2EcwPn+wkNFOBxj4QeTDQqlgplmTHqogkGd9/VV6ytwtnkfdOg+6YvLUvxK7LpZAfbiQxBF0llzTB8pWJBSFJGD6uBVJuDZzzy+UPPQPIHmDiOw6GVln8cdIS0Pm8Ly9Ew8rmMf4tzGTKU43iJpEpERPD40OQqF6QR2tqPjKBfW2n0EtjNoJDCWLyN3KjxwIhHcSs4DSek1Q2GwbcaQT/a8hvtk5SlXDXpduGb7tFh7APoWP7CZb6ceda2pxFv/ym2TytCN2mS0QdEz9rYNrlstyFhOOEpFPZdHyvx5QNf1o0+k9BhfXp/fSVQyfVNYm9I3ewIybkB78rH4SdXbX7zBeDT2KPzAe9M764t4FRlyZuG8OYxrH31QfFiI2G1FoUYuJKuUr6mppayDNQV5C7YDA160jGkH6TtiouiONC1mfbJIw+oV0J+9C1LdEYsOafihAhhlZRUbx+uMwhOoJxp+XMb4D4O0Qnp4ewPPboK2e4EAj+vyLwi4hMn2YKa2nZWSWytFPRAaMpKDX1gQhdyWmQmPyHxUnsgtmZGOgg0GZlKvYm2wvvW3fIyDlXP5tLv746vs3Ixlgt2bi9k6bYYHhMradu7BtBYBzjN+sTGJD5u0h/QtB9viyAYuKhALZyw0I5XD0nmSUw5M6ywGLNZGTXocIjEbVpAghVIoyG54inzYs+kAHQzwOCJR6nrL8HQJiX8W2N3h0+NFV5lflR6ba/Cn7u7ktU1/OIxSJOWpCw0MYf6AGYytTN2B1ZG7WByqnKpsRcFmn7hWS08Ei0TTU8ntRPV1TjCAxKvLqawCBCEKERA46w8pek/6tjQCFw924XxrMupFZ8tCfgPhcjIIGy48ub9nw6pARFD6Ih41J+/vlz1Q75mw6l723ubZXDQthwOD4puT5jyaqF1l9Gq/QGFeROcrECB+aFmS8Q6+r9uXEMKdPeiCNXYFSFv0j9LzUnmDfEaP9bCFgZTn3afnO+niRK29jT/62aR1+SlUUn3cAxGkcQt+V8waBZfzAtz4/f3Tjn6Lfd5X/9e9ff/l1LZEUNZ4qiXiajbIsvJMQIzuIWMzu5P64w9vSj/rVTAFRQBC/tqMbHl9zEtg5Qi6dDS71MSDPW87Q54iBk+H95jDeArlRnaxyLpc3o7PX3WJ+xDVIsaAAzq18xgMDA28yDpXQGFoNNE/d7C5GL+VUyUzXUpLhezWHLglFaS0YrFPjIupEMLYjQiRlz5T7zmCTt/RpaT8aICCSM2KPciQyjbHXFy9/uvH5qJnMlgF7YSkV6xHGI158fwzNsn9/joAzyaKcNTd4fWbARg0EWX0pYymxWyLEArt3Rju7FfXKBTZeSNKLKaobSNtNVS8MRR9PBgr6E8S2wQj2OSCLbTldf3tqZPsjHsADtq1Z7KImEVrArmH2QomLembW+QcwBpkYLeinCzRI54m0RyCTD5ZGASC5odVZ9y0fNTSEa2clTuq57BoS58Xp7okenl+pSEpaiAUa1bxnRNB7hcC+hpJ9biHno5P3sXhkcvS8Td31Ozz7id5uF4XAF9f9MV8+Tr1iENqep7ayyr4z/TazPDI9vLBK4aN6n1A9SlGAUKJSwqb2gOBhSuP1QNEiMjBUwyZ0VhKpwHD8SxWLnYYjs9TUeAKsEQu/JxFzcIAjJbR6EtKx8f4GxDrF9OEBgimW7TVsprxK5WIVD1CZwJN6ZiufD2XmVyP+qZGt+dV82eta8c+PehlO7GMauc+xX6ZPNmNhJxSvm27pchwkSgqHkFtWoMUAxHz6H2B4DhCU2kWd9gKJWz7cDKiFQ+pQiwenTfeeHpQfqPIf3eblu7WQO9vQfWwYH7LdrCyP4pEP6yxtYqeHyUxDPhAq5wbwOcVs4U6/9EHPP9qH7bq/NjW9MjWAP5pBTXl4h5AwJXo+dbYjEKofzXqNe7G2tFuiPiDDx4qChFJVICzk3yg6jM112THxxC5mKhP9A4i9fVmp3BYZDpd10WZURVGy36xndK3GI1vr50e2AepN3QziXJ7ZTHtmZdFlqsmczwxlJv/mhtds5CWBCiS76X2RsBj++TQWDeqfYoPMGWftqoPU5n+pu9qYtq4zfKfZuyfTlcyF62KMk/gDjF07sfFqOzgBSmIwcwwEe04ciGkN2JlFGAlf2VKTNEtJxceykYSwNgHE1AlCm03LD2YpaJ0m7Qe1NCV/GvEHgaiWLI3artWkbb/2nnuvv4iBNpUWOELG98tw3+c+z/O+55x7jUeIBcm+3oxt/8mc069sF0CsBnN4XawMJGPAoMjEXVD32b1soM3muIFbrWFx1rjBK6tM9qyEZQAVAwdRA5hmAxrIvlr/+Z83juC0SiDMv/IycbxWmH9y38GT6yNSUpvDxV1w4lbazT2Ckn28cOWx6AibhcI9p3MEQja/Tb8zJ7n06xxR9o+IVy/8NGsbAGJjs6EMfhJUtRK+oD9L00BBbd6I60OcabGNsiuh3vByFPD5fYTPYgmDsInDfids7lGX69lPdejJUITUy8ief+NkV5AtzC66NXR8pzB771mC/QqXzLcpJEaxBEea951I3XD6Tfb5ZcIdJ/GDr2uLDlSL9r1eJMRft/DKxaJLyf8flvhb2oaG9p/f3bw/69aunAMvFpBf/vzmS5sC4mbo8YzdvHqSLvVHyhqzfCBKtlI9C4SNI4k+NBvCQOLMWCOjKjVQiJCt4kY7Rct4zEhjvQYPtJfbWRQ/LRFefDcvr7pWJMp7C8iSe+QHr0Hmm998WbjhTVPZa5RNsBs/eUC488IVyA2OnXmVgMJmT7YQj9cey83dk3SPs7mi2vMXgBKX8nKuEK+/zH6T4qUXCshf/nDzT9wfSp/bm+Vr9KcsOqysZw/Mpk9RwAMcPdgf3IUgUd5+eFGTRoua0nPhBmbNOszGMjcEnVTjDhZnmMUMU4kDpR4POBo5H3I+XWr6wiSsrhYKRXialrD5C5z75gy9JUxU4yUlgnVmJ+LsK58vGvG9U6LLF97NF118rbboDZAw+Mhjx948PpS363JSpobyINHGUx4u7uIffHKs6Cc/fKGA3PwFcf274GjXP3g7DRCximQca3ceTzNmPGOXvepxJe5rBBmizDKntd/NkJTKgMOt1ITd4gYMAOcouL/XjbmDCxVG34PXWcRW1vGVSipkePAQfW7K3vlZbcneakG2SfR4SWAymXYf5ATJFBWalpeBIaacNMvIz1+bDi8vm3bAcSJw8r17RLl4NDK75OSVE7uauTHCRDtwoXpXDlQqZ/bEnxT00gs29d99h/jZnwniV7997/fvrO3Yxcltgc2ZyHGzKtOmtfdTZJBPl2RuI8n6ugKncfAAACAASURBVAYTCaApC0OUVfYQsKyBTG09eMyK4QgRYWEqc4DCUXp7D6UkqX/Mz69Gl6RPj/et5i5HV9D8ymI0+mTVZBLCz/LCyuLCI5PpROzJsmiHSQjrcBOc/2yHKaUBYI+WFlcWF2NQeYhW/5u/76svRaaS3xBns4VFqb0k71/rDRBnDp4NTHW07d/8CTT/p4fx/5j43tsZJAsKhVacFQ2SyZk8PgYcg+iy9eviTl/GRh88wMmF2wxy7GtorXT6+kHBghSpjoTD+gQaFps+BRu9n+2FJxnArkFj5948REiKUMecAi08RtC0Wni5F42uRKNL92BJuxRbXJpHCwuLsZWVWDQWi0ajjx9HH8Vijx5FY6vwGlsUmRbhQIS+vHXxgwXkeTpRjBZjT8aIr1ZjQINTdzr585lBaBT/bkfo2pYpDP/40XsfvbOBqYcpMhQHRKOE+lunIimOMw6V1+8eVKVe/7KuYD/4s7k8XKpWG9Rs2N0RI0nSZixhFgKKFFnEzguYFwA2sNpG28KgXzRFfvgQo1DTDS/SO3IUb4pzLdL4+6Y6DJM2sQ2HHs3DzzxemJcg6dLn7FvJNEEc1SItd2TN5GQdkrcRYwrkCbD/f2cFQsP4TR9CI1unUv/r969vlPbq3MFkGWgNOvCoIRl0sLm6Tgd5Lr7myyGajFFppG0gaqwjqJWkmu9HhG16ivFSFE0yKidsNXaVKvFGvCPd4GfH3Uk1W+B/eB/HrrhtBMJ8ty8Zc1iTAGSiPQWMjK3pDkJ1M3JUFwh0syskkvimo8RtLfKMsXhIUF2fC79zTQ7f6DjXts26TvBEhkJ2MkPEztCtHGu4qpyM9OtJS1UZpbYCX0IWLn3ijVwNBUoQewajVjHc7iolFamkqHI93pHiM2B3PU1Sf7uHoyafPgrkaJn2JGPcnQgpklZINgGkogPwrJMgSec5jkK9ijiZOka7MR1co1NXJ+FTE2cHV8DU9gJkVm3QDBpljQDJIFzeFNff64C0Fy57n84M7gJg9LtlpNrI23dCzOgIxxZDT7L/vVIGUMiUSbUrG6+nyE8/vo8v/+IbOIIzIxvHXf7Mim6eOzyb5FPcXk1zIHoVcfVDktsucI+JQxMVpxKnN4zQ3LYCRAdCNeBk+6Nwby9JO6xh8PysemzsYj/U6eTAgMxsUKVZSkqj1JuupLH+UVi0tC1NgIh0MyY8A0hxKk3qkARAkNbAeo/U09dZ7BmdvobQ3Tk5ZhDqJYjDyfNzTU+7tgUgBQ5xop89OMCwedUso4TcicElySxFlrsd3EgT4y9oJZ+rlaeieJ+z4Ar0LdtEO0r6h6KtT4KN+9DdOdcou/rc2DcO0FYApMDC4Bs8dIV4HomswFpZqeF7e8HOvTYbODHN8M4ARckg/VyA9BiSLPk76yJaIIhCIqmQZoy1VPo1AJHUcK6hwDKmuAHkOced06RUe2eqN4FHYFsB0kWRtI8otMiCvh7SgMliHeCSrlm2/8MQ92nMkFK/mcoccaNyPSxU5iQs7Ou/+HCCqbf3drZnVC1tBkAULZl2lTR1Y+2DBEGBFLeJzr4A6FTndF9nQqp6PSOHtxEgYicZEhNu3LVe2tgFaVYZQ6rEhMMqHuCC6E5Rm9C6YZfJUpeUsiRuSjPJ93vxaTKuQ7ScXRcjRd3GLNAmtxfXSDIjxXp8sQLJm7pHJKhjuGLm8BTkX/wJHgWHWSNegc7AFpYsFWkvwDeilXFpLoZBKQ4ztD0SYcNPreWEOWLZSJ3w7vZWJrVeLxtMSZLJj/F1XeHZVJFaZrqT6VQi8gmWFPcmsCpee2gf+FNfPPpN6Fy6mx/qRhWHtrhkEVX8rZpEEEgxwE5zIweq3CH+2qbNNG3gkbH0l6WEn1mrXYY4Ksl9jJVlULpTXJc99YBlRY18M0A8cxlsP6laNUQvXpby6lfD5sPdU2w9Iq+p6A2sy4f3pUjbtnUlKyKr11W5WdvAv4AhXoLt4KXGQcAqGbPSC2VHD1U5wEeZ2dC+eUJRRhZK2kvz2YA/cdgn0jQstM+ZY3Uf6khZmmrCedVkgDglx4SRd24QBteMZ8q1heuQQixbSiurXmafT8a04om5kXqvKlTqJNX1jU47DqYZ9w1WMl8zraLMnN1wuJC2fpY4uHCn7q+V/+drHb1xr48nv8UYhTEoC2GN5yoRaFvXywNbvDCsgqiVd+HBQdKsqerSEY5QpKAQeGGkuWoOX/UyqEWYcVt62kttmgVzhPGyQNJ2vPuDh8+V5K7TpMMTXMnYefTq2Gi766oc6nTgyI22GsnINw3QVgFEZ8PpqU7XCvEaTB0qTKuysfrQynSLV1ObAcI8C9kn31at0hTPwwkgLkGAM32uFuQJDNdMYTOpc21TQAhdI02WQw3Sqvb+j7rrC0lsz+Nn7zycA/csJCjIwQePleQqqA8qCCliGqQiJYoUI4glGyaClQ9iLwvDxWjZbdyUeZjEeSlHYqFtZ9ktGLgPRg/FzNy4D9UyL8vAPNzHfd/f73f+eDxpntK9ozI0J7PA38fvn8/n++fwwu+sEycfDBNPfnzo11t1kFRCa+UGBmwljaXy5kO/vwJgoo9H1UJQCXDzOSv4so8CjOQdD1Qm6wuPn8+IQT90ucoeYU6llESgFgHhvY7tUESgEW/cV0+qOVZv9O3kssMLyJQRNY/ybVUKzMu0J5r6tAaBXXFC8Md/DxwQItMAYaOWgt4rnyHUKXeJII4iQZreEb1RgBlbvCqDzNk/nFnWwrreCqP61LxzXoFNFp9PeJxFD0OttX0BIszJWozlw8BwoFr1Rvh1l0beK1DeSaiVsQjU9mOiTKsBi1qoeyBCEbGhBEQxh2ui4zi+Cmei8HXMg8vmmCQXNybvHbFB/lRwVLJ7QR2SbGUfeIT2RfIvU6WiDoG5BFJYHfztI/HbXTsqs1cHR5GhdFkKFQDDgTsUNiiTTy0znmVuHsSKNvMIz5B9BfQwr3Z9PGU/1uADTnXPtM6ub26uHwSEbtdMzC+3MvwzOnPWDbPf0QvqNhNufU3CIlTBafeucBVzceA2LFgHFU04QJQPpr03l827u+bltXSDCcb9dYYlBqGYtYulAzXfqAEyMQ8cVWEbDhKgmL4Mviu0o8E4qfHCwKL7lZSofsdAcX15IzWeqIMuVCChaKKGrZmDIIfyV8ruEQMEtX1aFu2F6LTHM4tNea3k8pjXLjxA45JKLBd2fLyXiggPiK679n59yZrRxeWFJDyUx6wUqVO7CDqLxSESlQSxUUv7RgmQWQM+boT8XGHBceuydlwFuxs8QspBWrW9D/nT+cnJya0kTEg+qiu7Kr5nTc5Vnd3cSZIaUyjn1W1kD9F/ZV81Hcey6GcM3fCPSAyZLnrB8S+gZQ2wvU2OG2bH+JqUxSiJor8/P7m9ugKgfJZGDXue78XlWevylLeC7kWUkjueIHT5KmB+INjrCHoPPucugbxBBwN7vBTYGhZA/v7Dq4eJYXTxNYgetnl71C43OuCmsrfcyRsMbYVATTc8zlk7ObkaCCBnF03++rQFCEXf91QcFYn5YetdKeX27+xFggQFteB97JjSxaooxyWIhH9IAHn17DeS+rKQvUSdsI30NVvUELGObhby6YS7uj3vDYfBsR+ge1lIR0A6iSb81XGQKbFD2neQeVcBXJ1+p4O8PHJUxyI0gAeVC98dx7+1y/peMiArqhkVLl+fVEkV15nH+S0fr3ubCJncCfakg6etUH7d7Kp9tcn2AGQ6AJ7gWuP8GdQgZI74E4QyhUXqTL71rgNZ/LUA+e6Pz549+/0/4DwC+u6Hv/W4OwIM7Esrz+GQiIwN5FoLbumZXglQOP/U69Wylf9KyXr5UN7snveqRXJx3p0jWEPAsMaBmghtqYlgAwQXlpNXSvn8Q23X/2dAfvfjmzdvfvwn9v1P6Lvv/vyHHhYyVsA1UeC3NnHSGGb7TJwDBmRzRv5egph1yvKPs7vuBkIgxxeCYYTxXMoGCBWxvVoDvJcsTblqa3GaoBrZHBfPgXlsHO1WvrHL+u1f/yVhxpAxEbiYQQEouRE5LQNihTI5bnk48RUkVz3zLIg0H9SVrq6J72mzeXNxAej6aQ/ojg5iBMUoJiF3BFgFQbjSESj3wppV2nUsoCFV3QP+6lcD5E+vXv1lTGJQR1K8HCfDKHwb5mF/iXW2WDA8eMitUN4K7w9JJ3wNl6p1ZyJn181m8663cmJmc2FaR+1na1xAAWyErqOyh/Ct+epV94gUqDin9XauqEjK51iqboWar2Ex2YOmX3F28f7k9vFZ7yAKucTGRoJieSZdUxLBEjs6NXIVwyl+7Y/Nvo2sQ+tVzCqiJhyXpJdwhoFI+qeTc0la1s8tMSuRGExlJNj6OyH3ViKWLuUqIwiI3q5RsV0NgKnL1rEiie5wwG7ok95c8vn85Pz8RJJ9wJ1mX1oljMwgC4fq9Np+II1hMZjoYqMHyBjs/5lhWkgnLDjpmAGGYce8HmuhHQEHk2mpYCu8qQskn24/SxZ8vxDqAPAtJYoK6gYFBoVmEpBmBVggC0glm42PkoWAhIrk9jA9dzC1KecLNoBo+fqUip17loMXmAr9FHVJLqorYQ18bwA48EWqPLS1A6ziRtNr5mM/o/Z2a+Md0hgysTqtZ7sakNcyjZOoQgXHa4tTL1g7UWkGVQvZRFrMV4Za9Op875pXCVOzfJaV3ekYatCmA6gdCHaeYEjtVTZGrGKIMuKiMwlCR/RFFIACFavkkiq8PeEdGBAiOxH1LprpxxmFUHgJZN277ZXcKoaGeA+hcJUJ0QG+cu6uR0alLwtqJguwASWK2RatwC6sCyCczKwn+zj1B/IAMVUP0n34LF0aKu6UmS8I56sZ2IRiRq4qnifMXHzPEeryEAPiXVzhu+LGPLh2FmS+GvlbZhA6jGxD3hYu5E8NHjLxL5IDbc3KYQ0zUaqUzQJicxRkh0L8CcZ5wcsYtJ7hBaSA9udzsWQBrqFZAjkXgCUsaz9DT6HXR16KmzJ17CYFQbfP5Eq9e7CrDjVg27vAbb2ss9nVVqDERfVqIBMfYkAccGpjclq4A3bdaSoqpr1swdDECVhJR/9hQ2sRxiPGQhgfk+Eigsv8FEDYFQ51JLezbORQOADd+XIIAYkWFidB2mvkqfqsY8nrHUvCkTW0qUFr6BuGVsGxrbZFfkVHeeRiRs8ZIHQxdR+GkqlAKRf+OaW6+vTK0bcO6pAYcgt6YTvpNjaJPMvy0rj2UVGhAxYkTo6/ts0ZuqpZumBMPKb2CKlEnDIfr5mZzrtcSmpLwxAydf2iysE1WOvnYKY1tqxCd0HQC9uwVDMsqeOoogRANjW41eMMG0WtpxqnKITopFD1Ul78zOGh6Il0DRasQgQRQyX0QKYyihaCTdnEvQ7YhBfeiU24NRwnNU8K6ryRmeSMzwL/DBY4wfNVEJQ7AhJq1xx3tkRdjsoAJZBM6MNcKb7LcE0lHArxxVpTuCMFyLbW1GU3rGIcLvfBN/tsf2d+2QHQVb1I2pHVyZIyfiKha2NWsL3hJ0ErlR0ke/Db5jxIrjLuvLqE6HmpkvJhcR9W60k5hhMQh/i26PxjAXyO5UtG2bjNwnSKyFoDHpLRcMIVJ04LKj2CfBpD3cGyOYDSf2Ko8YQKwZNN7PcYMxSi0TIVan+LAiwQ2lNZSagPXDqGcqRD+Tgg5ZWt7OgBsqpRPe/80hfw7GYMuHbSBrfFWcEXw7JwrwajyMs6DOS0npmz4OTia7Y3eNo2reIIieyXl1iDX3EF55iVUsfb+MYGitrYpdDELRGMBNQ5zLdHu9YiPn+QwSVPUKXKCAGif+uYBmmWF9NP6e+/Up9kPY41qnBwy+AstrAgi0JkRcD25J5OCZXcuyDIfMMrdiawfEyU67WYlGxK3Zov6NDhwC1tojJIbK+qqS3grgBNRBSdSI8OIGPTOLNqRuHRMgvC9QsrLZI4qQFWAUzEtmwKz87DCrsFfNCLyOc4PR1XOODyTu0pliWboBvVOoGEGfLqw70Wnm67/HL860Lm9l7FduCq6QraeVnC/OWXTKJF6A4emf9+SwuZBp9XCAS7WqN9FyZcISvbDuOm4jjcZj1pxOXwXOFecZycCfeiIAgezl40zAWzwtdiRJzzyyOkXap9gM1VTgczLAkxw2dQ40owQxEl9z5NhFqBI15d8/n2Aru+EXFZ23a0RZndl9W+LRbt9F2HC8IXYZY6v7q4qnd2227CwaBq33li6kwiSTja9gvcfnGvmq4r1bpyxFCIIS3KNWxt4xiRkI291BFAxFV1KTf2AsCYSsS9LX4vld3Wmgyv/M5tlJuwJ1dbNzdYSK5g61rco0f3plCtR+cN4s7ezfYoju6E0M5VDDI4CccgYzRwqZcHRPogocsh7cmcYcVF9f/Iu5rXxNYz/jJ3cc7ChYIWERd+Y0ZBXUTBIUfEL/CDoEERRUGiElER1LiQuBlwoTh0ktS4uCRh6IXEWFvIwnLp4q4KpatCF/0j+id00+d533M0mclMc7nTaZKexYxzPAjz/s7z/Ty/p8jvNo4/C4j/ClmxEmr1ILYvykorQE4AJl2JLNogJRrkDlLP7//nAkU+UXpmgNzRYj7fJk4sjM2kUzOJ/pbRiSOgWqXMTdnE0QNz4OyIQvlQ3HEnw6L1sls589DB+DU4JadIHYuHqsssEmIwfsFrvpDMKiJRKT4A7q0UTx5jIYTXTTKsQgU/mPgk+JjNT56cDXn121ePA0SgmwlFcBRciIQ9KlzpabE42ZsPNkQYn1uHSJX5EceG8jO5r1yeSVMY6SLW6B3+iyogNb8bWN0f3tE/JCNb3cly41K1kLlpAs/54+11LqxIO4pc8192VN8EkD8eHPz1d48CZKRQij1B2SQY82BWy7mFc0Ks2U0exX6evLEaP5UGw2csvRdZMw9D5aNcWVAy4NwgYqnm9aQ3aMFL3tarWxf40veoP1V8aCZH0yRt3d2m92MSSNDRqEmP8Sjv1Zu9+sWjZkD+54C8fk++P8APvyJ//zIgNg+jswZXGBOKeYGtCsmSmuJefUTMpjg3Vv7hvi0sMXqH2DWRWqcqq14uXTYm66tmiZwgJXgsc3u8jzHFknQ/O/2hviTFzcyOvxGfoQbDph9SugB91UW9hMalH3vKgPz469/A9Ya8PvgeNdfBd/9pHEHEpewDAzxUgVtF+cLTtiR91zueIze37ft0AN2OMZ/Cm39IayVJDcKTbeaBKctDlC5tuuDHgAEA2Z/7pTKIa5DQrGM/1343kWi216GjvieqskSfYkd1FZ5+vevvSwFgc6+7eNIq6/0P7969e/uKvH2LL778zY8/PLbZmhNuVGYLp4hEkFpfVXNahBGYd3jlnXnKH3DXmLP5daX7vCDSW1PvSgoMrSm8qWXf5AjJ43aYf/4J3vMYuWqx7ugt9YZbXMP6FNqrfv+0nvmYiPQ0M4EHuplTFB5kDl/i/MFKLNKWYuQZ2JDX7w7ev3mUDZH8YCNdPWgeRbHmXqmmCInQkIUKCuPwNWyoSpUVad7Kk6S6zG2MUqIy5o35KH7j8CgaVSiGYJ4oA/nftvpnJNDX9amPpdbrqJyo/by6iEWmoo4C0Y8v6kUWm+9fny77/VsaWVAmTH9PfwHyMNhiQ51f5/omgPz5D3/57vc/BxBKvUhG2iBSZ5nHBdzg5sMcZMTooLvaNoUOXNSmcIzE1SJuLV05BYDi3tV0p+oIOWjjfDI12oFfEYY2WgZTcD/9Qz0JIIErS3uA0ukOdpEbo92+a0iKxf32fIvvXappegoDvUFmysx+AlO9tJVEauNdDKQQMD6/ep4Vwy8ZEmSCp/1BigKKBt3gZlPZcrgEuiCjLpZ920jzVEmx09QhOC0OD1ExM1MGCKLuTkjBySIhThkJO7mgim6HyVfG4BB1S4FTaj66s5OEftkDWdkFkHSb8YQ+BOQtMgfopDUgEOftlTLM0oCy68bPThZNMVkCfteemN0dPIJ3/7kBQryc08NwGZKxUjGS4sVDRTBZOxeGIAPGKs3h2oOSQQmZw5QaWyg7OYWHdholbTfCCCEaeUB6TOacO5pXkdgl68Olzb3XcJizFZbJd1exORu22cKR9Glbp1kul2fX0+Mt3o+tCyUXr8n0ALE9DX86/VC/liQHQ0DdOkuypET8LwwQ1Q5LORoFM5GzDW706gyVnMEkT+GCaDjwvMcTia7zV+XzSsd0M5abDDjbkAIchJBBICSVlh2GvOkhUqlg7CnHLuiLqWvX3y/66SmCZsJ1Ce34B/+cHO/pIWjUXJfqyHkFBgN9LA0+d8y3SgBVE9e4gMxgF1ypecVs+WQ9vbZo9TMvDpC17vrECTvktKYhJhNzpnHKRsJVNCnGpHabBu9pQGlocnIW6w5GIDk7ZwdbFFFwiqrvBlvxvAC21yFOUTXbCX+mcRaYZxorPS/Z54CYzb0grG96C5nJdAumsmbN3dM4xiwfGpnJbr/e4rfE+Dz2iw/oaQFiy0fHj/mVmncH+a8NQfY020psKJjluOgQboP5GClAEM6pFrNwzjDNKYO4OM2mfBkcuAjH/YRVdQ1dsePCxKKuPtPwmlvcpgamG3NWIBTdGJnT5HqgvTxuDFoDVFn1RhecrYFuz8/rzgK0PW7wtQ7oaQECSt5wZ699yuvBObey1/NAxV0IwrnDSatMEmW1Ipobj52cYwxRfj6JVRQn55TJyhbuEH1mU6ejRdIO5sb5OGMbQ+3eipdSigMyaQ1wDQ5uU7tsrU4y1y2UF8x17U6mC7QRutlVaxIAPdXLkMUJtfRIUtYLvExAOnbOsSEljSBxLHWYHPe1FgSZHhln9Cjh6U5auymUcLJybmwmhXTQ2jEaO+B6VQs7O75DmYHtdM2mwpIKtMLHKYaArtNEs5Fo3SZY+TvTQhtfGtyJLGatBBY6urHZHqOvjGPiax8wmCdwZcsk0YuTlwkIKeC6irW8yLhtkwmVkLZ2d5d3NehBWdoGo36DGyWjJG+RcRY3KwziOFY26o7YbGRH60whyGBhHHJPsBrORqNZMjIK7ij7valLw7tKcJrxgb9IfdeFntc3S+SUV5+hjV7Sk64PFm0a12eazFIvlhp0kKXqbPwrHtBTNuq2c6GAc25JwcFps+vbFYQAvsMA5JzU7LIKaKDhUVk4KhwZWbhSFqMW3FhcA+NvADsOjlgFrL1XRQPLUDKHong26VFzjGoHS6+NLiWjjtGxgZIeN+DBQ3p+LzNp3WvpGfQa/50Deg5e1nqYh6VVcIthmTFnusPSRmOiqmK4QqWH1oLX63RNSePYuqOCqEaWAizPbUFx7+ENSkiXFfOYEpof63A3JLrAfrAKcNOFOdwJRiyXrkT9WxzQswCEVLRu2o6iouEiJkzgU2U7KlnoVDbnU65J400pT21s+thtNg1rNtU4pSJh0HJa7Jwg2D81bVNXdXarZl0oYhYkRgLz+smAaqiF39WddX9+R8+LAUQV2Xha4Qg9TjP+aT4K5lRYVFQqMZKIHEVZi50qiOzXMoH2BcsrUSNnqX3Jj47IOHvajtsxaAEdMyKz3sVqiiVB/YQ0WlMwCrEW75JC8PhJjDR5171Ib7H4vwHEJijTUnuW1af0ykXXipLE1kgnJEQ6NqLC/aqGPEI3pBle0T2LyFjHoupjPzqcq4gCZcvJOGXKOlguYnMNI1NaYnl8DvajTtvb2iwyvGsmNoDUl4MYudLr79Zqz5aNlwsIzodI3aV0U9ja5+JoeopdWYVU3mDLeJLiuWcPaVcWa/TCf4lAyUGyxB1XyFDgDDeQq2fm4ukOlibykjBSxHiXV+PRT/R8cSMFMb+ksmJdBKzHZmzFq7RLo/iXKiFeS1A8XXnYaClvgkantyZf6zVWZPeir6x1WmSOCjttXAtaDTlDIoy49i28Y2Zr2pWS8xzJ7yAFIoThZ8yRjQ8may920WRvOxx8cWPHJ3rRqCM0DdJwqa9mra4oNBC+q18uIERu3TRnmaz3neA7IYtdlsslw8y73VFKMkHCUU6R7FDgzN4j+N5Ml8CRjoP+tb7iq94X0n+zALnl7+0SnknBeKbXjKMc+a833HGN3uXLVVmPvSIe+QY3Hy0xSpktGevuytNRB6lTlQrKI6+mvnjy7/bO76VtKIrjaQN1JEupsInIHoaiOB3szYGiIg6FtWNswyETBuIPCirCfOqDL3kJDkqquEEJuKD1QXHaKk7iQylVoYhv/g3+H2ta66Ju9pu66m17Pk/GHtNrvjnn3HN6e+Pdvjqxmpyydtrr5p8Vsv9S+QpipbP+0UWhMthQfV6GjGU67ZmHwNk7ne+N2dnyXnmW8MfaBz25X3h/fljqXfvhI0H+zni2ZXIe3Naf13dm/GZoNBvSbJ/vW+3I9Zzw5dKiq+HiXKBSDlntXy9u/NGqamu9MdN8y3N7J4Z91xq4vu3ptaJfIMYEyZTSYD9lwNxvOXeQ21IIxpPn9YnPb9e4e4AxQYbMfiEoyIuqqs7Ck86r8b6bg9bFk7grWpCubGWBXdOu9dZCh+ExV57caDH5tG6KBOH6214P3sk4zN5vnpj13WstE8tLkOXFleLOsmxj9n6hCXBPtpFSXoJ4InJCZEsQuCIZyT2Npaw8pIbTlOxPqyUmCLc2ve0rI0E6XJIkhXWn/8SVPtKlaCrMypVuZfMGKPbXETYdkYg7xBmulJE+EsQYI4K0jjaMeSpQkHNZ1KSYaLnfkNV4ueyYeZhZzlipgjgUOfn/kvrjAv6mv7tpznrc98S6Agyhd3a2t1wEwesQJNh86m63H/+HLjY0z7nInM2C51ehXzAoN0GsSx7MKbT5bJEZ2+/7sv7R2O1GPn/Tg4oqSBDrkodsSTfw57MoGzTP3HLkC0tLCyRIOhk3Xe0hNr9nMhtXjIe8a2pr5CoH9nOIdckDCcLgLIsEIUFIEBKEBCFBCBKEBLlOsphYCgAAAatJREFURHCmCTlhKsw0dCrerSDRBM/zsQOFB0mcoZZ8fAc25XfiuGkCtVROYrDp/tY/XsltvXenLMqw6bICm+opfATmx2Ug/BFsGlTx0L3LUpy0IUgSFyQUh01r4jpsqxRFkFWmBHGu4Lc9/j8auKlHbYFtVVy7QAj3/COOIIhSoUWUxQ4wEGmygGZgVY5ihmEZncvogowGF5fDvYfGNocjwJQgxu6iPwLmG9GFmnIuBcvrG8fRGJhwnMIBqp0orfJgagq4pK09tlxEDW7CxtlNmDFFsNmQwK064FkWXhgkY6gvJ8MpJxtKHAb9fr+s78lbeVfMhRxp0+Aht3yc170Nd9rUv8KFMUH8EqcF4ToEFkTnNdR0N67obAjSEVBVNZD2bPU4rxdlTI2jVP7oUrOSNlVD3AbmS/ImdxqBPWQR1cNvpw2VcrEUsZJukXeD5d5ZPIreo6qyoyFBQ42dxsBSyNB2FDDdpPY1CQxZ2qb7mKlCRA8L6H0XigoiKkhAEKIGZoiWpkZUEEBBJEHcNdCBamzldIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgSpffX21Jd/rUDx4AAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

A demo of the mean-shift clustering algorithm

![Demonstration of k-means
assumptions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstration of k-means assumptions

![Demo of affinity propagation clustering
algorithm](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo of affinity propagation clustering algorithm

![Demo of DBSCAN clustering
algorithm](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///9paWmKiooAAACiAETr6+y+vr6eAEK/5aD9v2//w3GjAESmpqb/xXKioqLG7aa2treTk5P/xnOfAELC6aLE66TB56HD6qOhAEP/wXClAEXI76f+wG/5+fkwABOkAET9/v4zABVFABz/yXVKAB6GADdAABrx8fKLADn09PRdACV4ADH7/PwpABBYACMjAA5tACw7ABgtABJzAC6BADUbAAtEMx2QADtTACJQPCNoACpPAB+ZAD9hSSpjACj+////yHT29/fm5+dJNx8ZHBaWAD43ABY6RTDhqmLrsWbLzM1hYWHu7u80Pix1WDLJ8alMOiGTAD1YQiayhk0eIxqcAEE3Qi+evoTg4eGqq6tcRSjV1taWcEB7XDXT09NBTTbcpmDSnltzdHRwVDCnyIsxOikUAAi6u7slLB7p6erHllaauoFfck9IVjyAYDdUPyTP0NDzuGo+SjRrUC5QUE/2umxmTSzXo16sgUpLWj9NTEuOqnatrq+v0pKam5vj5OR9ADN7fHzIycoREAuSsHorNCS84p6oAEYcFAxwh16xsbLY2NinfUjmrmWrzY/7vm7FxsaCg4OjxIhvb2+Xl5hbW1t3d3eJpXIMAARfXl06Ozi74JxZWVg/QD48SDL5vW1XaEhFUzqWtH3e3t8/Lxt5kWVDUDien5+heUVkZGTCw8MTFRFJSUd1jWIrIBOQbD5abEuy1ZV/f3+MjY3NmlkGBQSbdUO02Jdjd1I6KxkLCgiFhoZPX0IlGw+PkJBsbGw/KzNWVlZ8lmhUZUZER0Nne1bwtWm0tLRSYkS4i0+FZDksLCtsglq+5J80GCOjpKTAwMGGoXBGQUIlJCSIiIlOR0BnZmZNQTIzMzIxJRWAmWpBSDtpf1hUU1KLaTzN9au225gvDBlEPTM4ISo1KBf/zHaCnGxEODyIZjrEk1Tc3Nw4DB5BNie53puEnm633JmOaTq8jVLAkVRWRC29j1M+DiHZ3NxJOijY29rAj0+43JqHiYtVTkY3LyO9kFT/aYq0jy7LAAAgAElEQVR42uyaTUhiax/A/9XJFucgytkchJMf+K1pjoWh0qCUC2sjTOAhcOEiaefClYims5hBN8oxSalVC9FxpdzNFcwgaDGgYRJtXMgsAmc9l+Dd3HOs5naHmpd3hjt4357fos6Hj8bz6//xHB8ABAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCMR/Q9cVt1rh8aFspANdjP7mBfzVv/CGn32nzbTxmTvuOPNwS5d+/P6u2+eGhOP57MsUcvwxT3Qz40P6MAB09VshxmLq0Vm9+ew7BUqyZ+5MsRcPE58obT7+8Aj99AgZI46fES9TSI2fK2N36qRaXYvkEk06kMxXRFk2pwNBkCVk2TfRpOY4WSkbIXVVrzT4Qf1yMDkL0xnINKDbyp1sExUCto/ilRYN/mQlb9QlhayXe+EoWBEamTcDhv+M8hUbcPd0MQZ0uVlNfyqY6K9tlEF0cpKFbK6fS+Sm6glwPzjKsS9SiP86WK+PvCVvOLB7xPgTJZfgQ+z8sp6KxCFcFUTONb3y8W60GzjszpYIweVYSKnoPUlCtArZCLDX2eZlV1AajS772WjeFYlvF/OuS9bLhYLurFU9K+/2yrvcIHG0enHr7tG5Omz2Eq39THW3ep1yi6KpUM+d/sCMCleZrJs+ugvIWDCaeZlCSkxItOmPBs9ddNQL7iOX4AzgSABxFojDSikHgyqErrtEpSiIALDT/KCeAEL7MMhC6hTYJmSuaThMj7hsFBpkr4UEG3Vdj2czXKKB2IdIlT85E/Apq0f3m6CpJUS1ZhYyPR1M7TPEdTo9ACBq016Q3UdIgDktv9CUNa7ZmtDGiSsaHgvh5r2WhfKJphSGZIGfTsHHeFzoDUUBTsZCapyjQzjlfkYg2IDAkQsOY6PSLJxzQvLx8oWm5L8rKzQIi7KIYDwodCekkYPNIz8cM7XuiBt4clqOEwlmg09wxBHz1192XnuZQq7PU9nENuHNndKD5ra/5ArxEXIB+Sv6SJj+WIBiMjB7KPaee2ePxOk3fX4Qd1sUgdxG6PCMj5BAyQUR5nitLjoT0sWGV5TSXI+FuCK58x5zpwLKtfP0dqKkqx6JptcSgnTqsLF5nfZfRM5ThI445AykU9G4LDfi+wthSDRovkghm0k2yIoSjWDfD97gdKJFZ/IArRFUCUgFW0QaAoWcZpe7n+GOpsvjf3bxCDJx0EwnY3GIhcDdoCEenm0wbFkGs61gM0BP3zVT7mYwDbJ85r4s1G81LRcQQUK86a0Hyy6IsdynJAt5OiwEuEgGuzSdux03GYUgQaNFCQKBQCBeDgkB4vvM/lohrY3GNOJ5Wqe/+HmYWICyxHchfrUQEZrz7yJEQpAQBBKChPzfCTnupjVIyOQQ6jgsNTcSMim4bqwSXNlEQibmAcMnJyk1FLkjmaCRdj37Og0S8muge4tSUtHifNTles/GM0YyxZtTLxLyzyAzyh6fZtuOL8VNgO3huoT0hJ4Ojxu9bfWTGwn5B7j9T69903y8iWSbLYS4wBCpJaTEkX+68FtwSqIgkJCfjQWvMPvNdsRyZ2VJu7TSid/2B4OC1wiz9bZCbr5uudydPVw7/JqXHn9n+1pgwSiJmkFCftJH8/eZ3wp/M8IMtVKMwiSqneGK1aofXnl7SpNFblmYOdXEPik64ofeazo6eJS9dDWHytSeRUJ+ju3fZ2ZmfksBGImp3Hjnia69hM9xkErFOo5h+JbprWlFbnVuOZfmB67dqluTLhP8TpOkZ2lxmH3Ui7G1q5/dK4eEpGd4hPz0Wh03Ce5KTI1RFDmHWeVbFC+GkirN6i2cJEmMUgSB7rcVDkXn6ljzyYZJVv+2ffRR++VtCb0yJOQH6vdbPkLC4O/4pBIln40K+nWtlhNgWRwHCkWtW3e02Nz42PlZeKZWUTju07dDbR8lsZ883XEVhibFTo0wTpYQv7g/3vdq7D50LBNY1PMfZt72ZRD+TJISfZ27UDHPy195Fm3zNj5AsCXl/LJirIYDV8wocP4ypyJ6pdAahk+2wLu1A5VEsjLvCRonSkiKEA22ud9xljncndi29zbN/42unn5LNawCtIZ2m9Nn9Xjm17mZx+wLep9Dfy8E2zObx5q4CkNamPpNj3kqLdFFi5wkpVb1nCU/aSmrwhe9YgBO7r67zU/uOmQ7+qkdl0FX7pNSJIXPKXa01BxmWNBK3608CKEU88qvwWKfAt3TAeCVO+WL0i316jtVWzNZQros16rL9keQjAFs5oJHocldDb4+5ibPdd9iceViWS+dIz1WKTf1aq7I89dUnhXTgxDKEH3unYL6d0tm+cKB3idRxCZKSIwdL502vHDFJQOj31+f6JX6a4BzNUneR4Bpx/ZuSb5FzpHrCyr8LmOp9Q7pQ4Tsva8/81BrYKBMZoverlhYNTUmSYjoUsy43UlZbGO6ovl3PDppfo0AzLD2WWUfZyhsVb6Oc3lMsucZG7oTsuJQFp9eBp5alRYbjuOY1rLM9W0yzaQIyTBEN+GqGqHK7MK/Toi1GFtevisZ1Moru8/pW/y87PMsSu5u27jqYvnIb5o/blQq4sR4TRliN4ICV8ts2Rr3yZjTHAdR7YbdReuQH02yCuohJZmau8Od+XE8kJRBvTDsHAqSJtWCAccpTGqb11OYyqyu3dY7Drvd0WkaIduzrC7qPVHigwF/qPxseGi1KfdlSMiPoWurHoq6+VN7Z9m8d1czcOn8WqedZNqGvVcKg2rJZDZxqkjP0uqawodjuGRdXah2rCR3OLf4fui8z2uUrX2il1Bbn/8AzSwS8iPEPc67pyRKi1ZrNx8s+KTcKYWvHthtqtUvZ+8dBtOr5YOFJYybc0ptWPTMUdyiZGnFs7NmkPAeSMmi+UEIuf5lSv8Oc3b+aLXb7CYS8r8jq8sX17e29iyWLZVSbpk/WLZzpyrl8qs5DMMcy+aDA/OCxe4c1wjSYrBw2Yl0Kuf/ZOfqQeRGsnD7ptYKyhw+lBQCS66iVJal1U/pBxVqIePjVIE9SQcCm4UJHPSymQNHh1lrfYHgLlljr+k9fJEDY+9lxpHBnuBgA0OfueNg02ECgx0bDJdcST3ds7YxeA3HdtAvGY1QzzT18d73fe895CpIFuJY0zXpoVWGPN8vbHbzGHYm7NKZDSCfoH1/vLP/ei+stMR386bJxSzkGAdmBRW3z0JSFDSkGkIAAmDjFPfJQGK38lixUsTBeGB+BK3i/uj6d3+/ceqOZylwtjeAfFrL5+tnbZf6qYFUseq8MHFsQhodtDOzbyzCCeXNxPPShga2bHSreGRSwTJSHuQFKDDq2y55xcPdJ9dGys+fLwzL3j29AeQT4sI3u6/80iKuMeirvMpMmQnFFIhkdWdAdQFZbHKG47B2zBq2YVFaynQQfkAdlrtFa2gkvqL/djy/pXzI870iMT+isbUB5P2e1m4waeP+pA3F7sj1aZIIn0yQXk4rxw1clSROTB0dNR4ea9wr46QDTakZFhML19LIOPSFG6eDQHb8Zzfujp7f//7YyQ0gvzx2fuK2F2bqSKMoqY0AO4osYClwDZqpPwupMIkjXUuVJB2W0pVmxayWmBi7eR5Pei1sFFxMs+kjUi/coROy/ecbH/JJce77OSPZbOr72ZRTbhJzcagIEoHE1KQEj20344tRIuycKaHTRMSV7bTU90jUQaspwlhGTt7SuB0+DMdVO+9b/KMTR+/tbAD5BfHlvKoN8UhGUSYmACCb+Qe0gByTc1sJ3zyI84D1+YEcl46zCGDMSkupLiv1sa+cOpYx1YYbSWj3yMGEd24/WTx7H4/3vt4A8tFxbb81unRaKNJW9rqHAVC6SAYATWZYw6iwkrkSW6im8biq2JSF4YG6MpKZDGdZ4mFtgaJRMTg06rmV718bjf4sNcOeX9sA8pHx1dOplAEODNCaBz1dlMeOMuLACWRoVjkYdJf0hGuUnE6UAkZ2uLUcX+mNH44DirPKWPp0U31agwWBOr8+Gj12DR2wBxtAPi6O7vYqVUlbHVJ3NRfsL1Hl95tz1E/A0DAklegCAoYcmphZCg4f7iDMxzhfGhIWKR+vywQMgBzHpZXuf7UB5L04sfP+Cu63c095784jhgZZsjrjamygKs61JHATz+9bIjDFLA5C2ziYivB01SAWldUXNcGWgJAIIiOa2XCyf0H920uYzC9uOOSd2L536afX89+8PQ5/899/KzcBtZQofuhYtMwQyxVd7jtFzIKAYY4bZT9oRlyBzR40lSDO4cNocYnqeCBzVd3iqCsrzIKuOtKbkM/PXb27UVnvxKkrrMA0x299k3/OzSnhbCwxISZPK3qQIarcqMOkAe5bJsiWMw80jOUQWrrnF0BDNtYjvswH26z1RaYEPf/rMNkKZRYKmbHsI43I/xmQc7eHt94dvXn73toAcpFDo4yd6puf3bu6l/g8anmYNMoERr5rHmzGwTSMWUzNekgCWIbjzuX6wO2G7SutZcumxNEgyRRPuN0CkIoafdNXhMLzCjxz04i9eLAOgFx+cqf/cePGy7UZ4Z55GBi6xTz6u8N7Z18UcYS6Ns6tg6MOzXpwEk5G6ijMooM+rlXwxlxyuCUEgGk2MbxZoEyLnsotGQ3bp5br1+rGWE763WCtMicGSubn1gCQ0V/6NxOO7l05cnxtMuT6nq0nU/6v7e2rd17853H/OriLhFWGjlb9cyPIssy1nVT4grN0GtZIB/3SgqIMIpcUjlKs50rjAiZozKg0Xcw4nyiVjPjMJzQO6wWTWIJCzYj++PkaALIzAHJq+4srd/uX8z3966+/l3Xy1v7r3Uu3Pjv3giVpK+YPz778WxaXynjH9XLw6uC8moUYC9tCYipxCUqPMhKVGs5WQ3eU+zZx7diVOnSiyCu7FGuCN7rVxjhKoriylg/GOdKbV9+uASBv7qsT6C++u6w0xvb243WQvZ9dPq2+2X4ClCQ1ouk/fqCEWhpI5XLDB9U47wqz1gxlKzQ/MpsUyyopeBz50yWFa8DJQr+xolmhnIrRdRbSuWfJpLP9SNodwjZYqa8EalZwYw045OazW19cOvHbh7efnl4fH3Kmn6Se78cdMJU4CMYyDOBbgEz6RWvpwTaKUl2m3I0jDSr82jCrsqXrs6qY8EjiTHE7zJMomXSi6iKs/GOKG1RiZ5VLRJEQdG//+oBcOP7l0e2dky+PPzi7Zk79zVzVJ9T6RWNBa0IY7FGwl/rVG+aA/kIEh2k0ixbrC1aLk6mwFnulpR+LKfEcnFqTsSIRHgek6pwsyA2WeQjIlYNH/eAdiodrULLWtnVyTPGsMnDJcNBoooq8OjG66EHpgFcqY0ToNQCUUUZSc5U7hHHT1XrxNOHMDyMIDFrVmDoAIIfOEsPBUMmrJMSuudw6BanyJ6h+9WYDyIfj3hhoQFm6xUHDMVUMkMeFBVT5AYEsdeCtRHCIg9X6QhRyR+LK84QftDNh9Au/JhfW0NeCY2K0ysSwGu79aUxCewE34q5iq+D+yQ0gH6aRH5VYAqumh8oVmkMjx8xznEhKlS+IH4rgreJw4ZdxD3iE88DuyCwf5iJy2X9Xf8YhmUiR0f6Bdl3ie1q/4EuIZk3Ei2ujDSAfjtO7NgK8XdKu4WYmrdwwM/2Q9e4OOeahCJ6JYRJiWdAoqBdPOlWyrE6ZGfUEQDVd7QNDgWcmFWn+6nxGSFFgGbgk3KIBnR/5/Wjn6mHROrkB5J14wpHBk1UPUbil3Jr5GMeZrQQsMDyprUSwr1IA6W0gKoclhhsn6tc8iCum66glcXbYG45mJEpcc/rDazeJSOx6/2Pv6kHrxtKoM0+ZV1wIGdRcLliyhKQokvUv8YQkFBxWKuJtBPMggyFFCg3upnBlguclU7wlaWJ2EpSwqVyYzbiymWYGkjcwkCLgCfbsMk0K48IQ11m23HulJ9nx2hs8zbwF3cYpzDPx4X7fOd8957PuB+azb39dwTJsdU+onwsXV3/avN4C8sGZm7fkuI5D0REnJoYgRono556giq6fMw0gGcfEw0HK+Yqg5TKAjsXxqR32HCOiFC1O+KaigZhHxBKhezKicLFilCEa8peqCQGTIXHvXXk9Nzqdzs9XW0A+RGRrlOZjZzUKLNHWWeKLQ6oRGnnhSV4tI5BqB16omZggg8znMjTE7LeT6lZRqCaTsSjmqRPzdzYMyVeAtfwwOCj9itdWQkQj/lU5bC2j2JdbQE72kVebeyIggs/MDz2JGj+E6z4uQplQhOMgiKt5ll0MKsaEQi0OfIZ3gtj0c01zWXyDxgErrDPH0xco26V8ZHU+HI0bx3MuQr29Mo1cZePvtICcMovf5001kHY2ll6LY2sPkAvPNbW8MEoSzDpGnMFAouq5FL47lkgDlmWR0uEIb4Yx0yO7OFjMm+GxYQl5IfnLat0rpm9z4d4nVQvZxXjsXm8BOeVcX3+09PLH5RFf+X1gFqR2YVvSQFJkhpDg2HARpCTn6JFd5zJAj00NlUCBiqaLPVf3lLp2UXw5sYfi6OhHzT5fryfw9zZ2f37YNvWzzsPtoN8rXexYDUqOqOYK6jEZSIKU4wpiIYHp0bu54vk1OMiv/klDMbSNNM+PxokVgaMGO2fw28WW9p59SUYDBDNi94EuyauhgAesiWsUDbp9kSHu0HIYVRPkPEZUrV7qxxE4VISM4WtFj3tIVvaQ8Jwh3BYQfFakBEIQ+oioc4QLUapSbFC9qoOBRdgv0MPGe2V0cn5QZqfpqKFpsM+puMjZcjl4hLiusWQWKW6vtYCc90w/NRg+o2RNHboMrlswYzIInOrZgxqU+hDKWvXITqPYE/i84MlTLVD4uArAQcrPDVtOfMMl+ZFEwDoEADjY+2WqBeS85xeulwg8RQ00xSfzWYjbB6THTh44XkEDY1smI15oaiICSVzwGIaIk4e+bSb9yJUKPuYZzrAZKQ5Cmyc2U8U6uD/VAnLeM0PCZgmWDZQcemQoRUfkXQRUzkQqMfQqnRbbgjMwrdLiQCOnGAyB6SlOpFoMbv2+nSA6Sfi4a9qGIlOUrAj87r+mWkDODwgJm8l2glv6sPJGlwlBKOd8DyDRtgyVJNuooZ5LWhGP57qsJakpybHZSl92xSgi7lEYYbgoKXCsNPVlNAw/mzhArq5V4ezFd7MTW7Le7AUDjnh5aaTnpD7BnqYi1ud9m9eNYKhqvpwkouCJfYNjx6wKqB2P5NigaPFdgG8XmQ2jQIKU6GmYOQ9024fuzvSkAfJquXSd3Pjb3zenJ5ZlPd/oKICCAMYHt/kyrDmwY0yYUC8weNTFpczmOK9jWKnnN2NdN69mKcQdB7psLLAAqLlJ4WJWbnoAWapn+1cmDZC5GyUgLy/PEtfJ1MxkCsO5u4f6wDWtjX9Pz5f7+/php8A6BPZT0tkhyOSeW+iq5x8ty1J4tkuTZPRQZCI2MRTRkWyesyQvQOMZse1MHiBTCwSQcl8WJhwXH194Opn7sm5t/uPgyaur5QiYD3nN4HmBGHeZKj8FIdXXrF5ahtJpyLIsxam45w8EywpdS5UZI02tIGOjsGiWOABFmy8L9cz0xAHy5MHUbXw1Zuamty5PTfi58mr90nZv6Eilk7pZkRHZnJx2sXCEXdUXfFWTQYI7uqoqDFYgnhNl0RCwPY4T6ud3ys3L/+z9t8ufTU9Myfp06eKVN1OrLx68fTeBPWRt9cIpe0OvXdvkEfGhVPGp8ZA39xivJxoDMeX0QGcKFVpCRKRJJBSyWRiaFrqqrWjNoAu6I4LD5T3H5X4dM7qbc38wIJ8+Wn58a3X24uP5+xPIsm6OQifdPI0c/iRkoY8gJSjjcBqKv1fVlEtUwzD7WIv3A1uQYDWwpy1TtnuZqBueKXSsxg9hPiqrg4mAXG1evPHsT6+/+INL1kTrkBfCkM1OyWBevb7w15FU6BGSyXoNwLJIzC3c7P20z5n1xp9O7YMDquWmEEIsWjQ71uQmznan7J8OoqolJ1dedzqdb9pY9Nnnboxo+vDkb2hx6+Dw/c7tT7aevI8dyzNFxdd1jyGudgorvvFLO93nassKnXB65cBOQ3qoYy1SIXZQXos7zEC2yizK8/Kd8NsWkLPOtTeM2FdOireFp4KbJG548GDhx9+e/vO7jhYqvoFVRxk478SNZa5Zh0lHqUF8JyCwsKSPJEmmAJso+/eqvrG+c7Ba+hlukS3znS9aQM6emqzs7y+f2J5/fWSWO4CQs7stCKOdb5QEkOUMmltqeM9s3gSDmk/BzCt3l5KxPbH86rbkC9vzzQdPj5cyzVzAeDz7cwvI/+K4aydXim0JdRsPQ0RFml6m1XABKifzPa+5IaxSfycbeFhN0rBXrsLu0iAzFePob/7ef7s0pr1z6y+3PvYHeNrh4gmEDuq3WvLoR1Kc9WLxFFclyvWarXG0bUR18DDnJMy9ZG7sdaRZylqoP/E47Z0AYfj/BsjNw4Q+8s4NlfBosTgPuqygpM6YZTnPdpkqmmsXnmF4VpLZvabNb9+sy+Ix2ntzZWWtBeT3A5KKw2YLf5dSLYQcred4KgQUoJ38xdprT9IVK09V0Y2ZwsKqha3Rm6/15jHa+9Vup/P5wxaQcxGvKwfiUcnqIf9YDoHPdE/juFRLYydOGeVwdeSaOl+YFNlSFvHf61jKl0/qINt703xkQ3tnHhGStTTbAnKusxrWTV0XKKg2i8Up3mMEMZN7CRMKkuBEKLEllhqGOqrmj33tuzuX9hws47sqc+xlqqG9088IIL9dbQE51/l636lo70ATcf+uF4sD13N6gMjxQGJJQJruolgAtWW05Fq7U1NfLr8Xwvc7H5pEpysMZm4TQMoNGy0g5zj39n2535cVrRQVrla2DCDahk6TUWJiO+CozQNHaqxx4jYht/curT8/43e+uPTDDxsfS+20gPxXG1m7Ozo8HH0eItwaKFbIecdVhcLKJBJk07XGFE94MTKPUuvy9seG7LNf3fjoHL4F5JRzcWFhcb2QHNnVbc/wCqPItf+wd+VRTVxrfBSwycA0EJJgWDSCEoOx6quiiNGwVLYQaUD2IAGUEpYgq4Y1QNWyq4AFA1FAAeXpU5BSqQvKca9SIYjw8FDxVVF7tId6rB7/eDOThLocBWJSUbgn58yFIZeZ73e//bv3fj/fdMGGGYuWLZ6l0PqfzfzXsq3pq/UVZlj6XboK/vckIG/1EBeZL0GW7qRbL/nedO4XmRtWfjlHX1N75vDqHP0VV7stvlqdrtj5xFQPmAREjS3gtOn8Oegig7nzF2o/aTm+cCu65c+8WfIjeAyXl6aVPpg/Y60suJs+kDYJiFqbn73ipIrFM5YL6S0LvpLtuGg+Wx8xt2am/+oMawVR/erF+traK5b/qppqAbXvBhSNCFYt58Kcjw4QXXP94YVq23QB+lF0EzPNpeaXnyxcunSx9YAMAUrqXXPr2U/eOEj9vo4ubfwB4lPc1QIbgQ1iPZ+PDpCgvzfCtECSsUDNaVMLi9kDU6m6LgMDdxu8h/2M0Jprb+QBz9traAi1xhsglNYceut9AJhalyyvUCr6eAA5tfLv1IfswFsbn5KSVHSlDZU6QrWCTTfiBY67UlJqKxWYkgEA0ToNLjAiNN3sOjXVZdFsVD5k53D9iLZ1eU2ad1GR9+i/7H0QdcvHGyA2fSygLhrtlsIylqZTI1YLIDYt0hepdBUPmvNAngvR/HLBF7MHBqyt5UnZ0TSTMgSQ1HGnQ3amtou9s+nR99uFaWoUWdt9A3luqn4TetcyQ21N5CTvWfMMDS0WGRouF48e9AMdGhrF1HEHSJpoZwCrk+5zqiRDjUqdKnUE8YOtqmYR2+vL5lkvm/O19YYV0zXnrF6rOffuGASjrW6hCTDuAPln/BCqNBBiPhOrGhBAS7hkpcWCq6I4i+mfmcL+oPVOitoJ9Gk4hicFjc/sklU+LF04z3DrSheg6vqTB61xDx7E2QKTgIyupfb1+ah+VNbpr6drLhbSAZsMZzrd2ZkOTALyLtNK7ghTM9qj0YOeVe9GdVmvXWE+XDGyatUkIO8gVs0LaUnyXwCtQTqUMCSsUcvste17cnXKaE0l7/PRlAkMiI8bz5Fx4mlDaywPSy7g+04xUcvz+o28kFbLGS1G9LHXOBZEmbCAUMTP8GCeoPEmGwKNscYgNqFTBaOaJJekssb0DZaWT29kL2xPhHmgsRL6hAWk+CITcnSTBLtDWKSBjrfD3n/Qkv09F1rH4M3RRG1tHpXEcM8qoPAYWtteQpmggADnHz7jMfzP2fFAFBAsxK5RkDW6nabcmAEOz41wm8dAkZbIlJTNV4hGe3SANHsUkOM5E9bKShaXnYiq5pKN5YD4y5dCUbusGNcDlBoydDOOtOa/o9+/h1YfYkDcEUPCxByALW90sYHGgU8VEPqIkmOVd/ctu4syiYUAIt/qXi82HqztU0rFh5UnGYR4viOC+FrQ3SYuHGdU6bEvErUodBGh1cH6RAHRjZPuHPaLWddOdYnedMu0bhT4R0HGcMMak8kJ2XLlMgiRJTeUy2+H9kaWFb11T12blnrhqzFlHc+kXQ4lIh0ZTqkemd3tn6hSj374zCmqWP7yPrdjc939rYpfT0ewbjg5WjpB8fEFYAG28YWcKUT3zMz4UiW1CNU5DKAVlda9LHjoJvLn2B6Z7+XwKr2yXVxeeiGtABrwiQJy1N8MLBiSrbG49jTRjAnhsU3S10JJ9LpN/7vFYVtZcRg/3swslt+tkrIPP3yPuFZGd0xWj2vh8NQQ1bcJpyJrullt+Qa4LLGa4yfjFJDtj81AyQ3EYjHJtrdMuBUIYhu5J25vf1VZTxvic6prEx357ExLTmaHfGjb1IZo5R+QVm6fgltzRp7ro5z0vOIVEt5cBpOJ2hZCNEoqpkxIQPwebgoM7oLfvapVkMv/M8ryXqxbE3/w8dOgl9Qq1btDI5LM3HwAACAASURBVFaCB0EIz7fkJTIOFqrgAZ1dKx4RcEmlMroXxRzBGRCIuB2u5wGgYZ1Xlqd8vb0JS4tlglxYY+YYWkYA5eNT6oWlcUdZSI6oCQvBBA/cdgmmPARtjD0lJwBF1+W2h6+VhIzaWMxcBpPMaFNF+Kp3b/PuEAcfudmVQsQgDZdVbwKYFPW1ymQhKzXOwdWjTK+or7e3r2ZseUG/suPH66gfDJCMaaiuDQiljtUPQVmh5BIeoTi+KRZEKQ8WCHSAqpN9L0rjhi5GBXOb5Fav8UY3HtPx0HuziEnoFI9v7e3LZCGQsCnfeBFQQEiYSKQYQK7ec+ovVKakVP6kURGekpL1U71s15CwwvZRuD904bvLUdQMSI1LkAjmT91ikVJnUNneyENwIG+0apRTHvqjY/vtqEFeNRsrEfA4Cj8dCwXn4iFOAyrIvKlKs4d4XY/Xb3u+iUNng3fbnu/W98hYxOg7UZpiXNu2MzgigUA06qnoR+TZvjYtJFndG7m5Vzzi68liXm/XROoFhN5aBYhh1VxXiHxQoTwmQHQTUIKDPIVowpLP3clsZJrxBQUQTyARJA4Dwq3FQ1Engb+OSoeGXjQol9pjCa8QcEScASaiFOHro81Ga8IddpNgPIgpez32x9RPRced+h8jjAylPVdw6EUP8CtvzieRdu/yHMnPt0HLUUQfiENYsrosdL+sZCXKgHSDmRBExkKNvgWwAoE/ZPI5gZs7hA+uhSC+L9n3D4WjDsJdfFRxccclvnvt4wSpUrGTk2dxJFRAkfYiusIlC/5x/RkCCUMMd43Y0d/vFVEO22/U+h2yP8MYeFX0wz2D8DhbYY8R3CPhjjiMtBFp9kENje6qDwSITZ8W4AK/Q6kfsDN0rIVy1BznU4cY7EEJCCa6xef5M3xj3c/h86xqE/CJd3jIL7G5CQpJxnOLJxfY3TwBO5AMdqzgTvfoeWQ4ykKt9zKQTX1ikhgp5LmwhfjbtzFnfzfIX7/LyIBEMjD6pTwN8Hat9DpCRHQL6XlFCHwlPdrbeQGHkWv/kVZ1AgF6n4d9MCurpCG7NO1zil5JaKvt2ESWVoM08+bjwcEmK0YeWJCQYMe+yN/EsOPVBvN88ywPBYLGEs6f8XbuTESWQfGcJojpLrjETYhNBCHQ8d6x0aZHaFPjFFwbsG6LbOZjSD+s14ku23W2ItLTi3ThLK45QiGkIjr96jz2r/OMyIexI/0egwLyfH9ZlkzVYDA/7894L4qpGRBWp+g+q4huozfWuixvKdsqdiMipgpuuZ0z495JRPrgRctqXiPjXlSwO0Q2c7eS8Kr9neAbPF8uyORVu3M4XAjRKiDe//Ioo3xBrpVJrrKHi977swKQfk/Py2fWYMKTfiCQtlTsqtghM7YwhJDLZf8+smVLSPP6cCKGkO+ZAt8g5LeVhch5C0M8mzyeAVHWD6HF1fIFElRjkyH2YSfLQFQ2GTNzf5Qc5nJ43BMcAZfH9Q10ZAuC2ZaZXEde1LZcx+pqJ5mWJ0ssRzdRp3nEOPyyLwjt3+/tlwNCyK9Icn1EIhEM/s/d1caklaVhumYbvendu7nhXkKgiYk/mib9TcIPMlRIkFo+AgRaFgcsklL5KlJASumkRQ00fqRMW2KdIjDCsutYtPWLVieprtTPTEkzumpHjbGmbaY6bSeZpNls9l7g0hm37TT7a/Wn517BnOe87/M873vOERuAxrjyjvwDikGvoKHYA1pG4EFps714YNCe/LAcKAAyeWUvAnKBBTvq4Txfa1KpqjxXYBPd5WOkxI6p6v4kx5xkClU234bKzFlMSRatFb4quFCNv/RJEbycQRXycA6QI+1bBBP4jZlxIglRArK6AiAjMSJ59c6uKgQYDihNIZPJthAitpazLaryE+V7CZDP2qfs4oq8pKVTmUWvCTUFT9tsPp8Uz19wmmWWjrKSrzrhsoTPwuiyphcThfbIVOUnBYgJQkX+e/ni7mn5EI4ISmvVBTZ7CUDINbf+EWhCIQhByTXyPgIaBS/GdTWR0aGYLlbXo0Zz47Qx/Hsfti+rl/+3jf7/n4Ac+V6TFvOpBCAOX3/BbySTZSkVO9smpNpTixvWMpBOp7Lq7RUMDduWLESIdP4DyfDApZPv6mFnQx0QbZy4drH0Ls9ARpA5tyAmckfyM19Mc8/8UxcfGdt0D4kMkeIC7zcWcWX6+EhoxCAyzo4YyQgZk2EGwTHSwRt1mb5tzxLvaukeAsQu1hAR0qZMSQsrX5hoYaazUFGp7MTtZ9gDOvxcbAVg88pTqZJOdHSF7z8KcBS/cGRfQZmWfmlyG795x/8nZ9RGo7ouiKAdIQOSz1g6V9Sg5sbDJp4/RkQCDkivu7XBxMUEMZKZ7DDF3R5PYAK/l/i+qwPBeAbaVl/bMylrXlpWRax28LmymQXkJprK5/ClNhwdALTyrc7bGjZmF/tvs0rogIbzPDHaDxObUN6fw3P/sO7decCjF+fv//rNu7xYT0MxBgUSU3fgiFA8ujFRX2jYgyDkwPiAbCgPCGKQmUKuBtqS3IMiwRFa05ZeV9d9/gQmEOWeHMMjNbeO7xFASBfF7GpGBYyjAHZKmu2cV1m/AbDNwqdSIVhCB51mi4UpGdVKa6U2ToLJp4KdzAFfCvslAABgPhNfnMcvXPxux0a377KAfFgIfc17KcpOJxTgxqMogqy5jLS5iB/CdS8F6S3CSR3FshMS7qGsbcknRMZhCJo1IqgoHOuIn8O9F8E+KGXywB4B5Nh6SlXWLO6ngyCoYWk7wdquejsMgvxpibN2WgKUgM2M6RVmarTIp2Q5EnwrswV+zekyr9h8oyvVFc7kL9+Wkg5fXbCZhQvz7yA5eIj0wovhwf1wx730jqspm2/W1NcOnDeFJ3XcVigayjtGSp+MG6Uh21suNY/rppChodCSh/eyiYdZfGQ8s+rqbr/46HGGkANIrP3quXOVVw7vJkAO7d//X3/v0fNSvsVRXeVjrahsjGQbXs2SMJ+pqsQsIVPJWnSypzhTSpbUWZ1IsToxoFo46akuaRsMAk6Jz5Jav4OXnK5rNVg6S6vWzxJa+l/f3zh08rF35uHHCimnsow8xsOs/pE/6TObkTmotycvh4uhcKP8SUPIlFEYeuThDmg1EMrIIiH5NoK+VSsCXC93wNvtLgAypvcbFBnT+b/sHkBe3CwqurWz1LZfUgJYB5mjP/9bOJpIg3jiAqivvcJEvbhKQ4dVyk5JQpzAjDsAdtpsGKkntBWManYuwSmbE9kzs3e0WdNOZdefzyH+6MfnLcJ9pEOf/051/gquWeezl1j+4ckqpqsg17sp7mlUjHs3EYSCQC9HRpYmZmWCrWBPhBdd3ZTxZL3B4GyjdwIquPZIkwh7d+zmid0CSGnl++6QujEIllCfJhwg2GapJsqHz0cdWp8KBujUTi2DVTUN56RvJ/PnMiunNmkmbGStpGIB49I/ruM+hooRCqDMfeeXzWzAvvApU3O8PE/GfwvSArxtyBUkAIH83YHxJ7liL3lOF/I/CQkaRBAa1MV03jqM+DGchmUEqbc2uuSzcyhm5U/tFkByx7lv7tjWNo+rXIA1BZbAg45cq5BaonRs2Cwl2X5Vm8NhIWwjWO/QiKcBZqFVVcJceXOGRDqgxanf7ux3gtLcjoVTiTIw/QkbtkqPXW1vv3T2sywgCGraXPUXaBqNcPUywhtCY2EahDboligoLeg11m1n3yIjIyYUpyGkyTVBqzGF51DUs/zFbomQ7D2ElTsjJPEUpFIt2BzTrRJzJwyzYavQd4/Dac6FATvBcBDzD7Qsbiwqp8QthQGtbwZLSt/+BFLtg0ymRMwyf5X91Ms/Sp2O31+ql3/QzTY09KhPYR9ydxhB3IK+Pl1rbs1DUX3j8AilYOF5L1GUFtDVkNHiiH4sn6koNd2RaMfcW3cdhgUypx4ToRTXn3cLh3w+U1Q0s5Pz/to1WM+HJbg9p6ZtluSgaprDZDBUXbVskEoHQPjVqLYw//xFW73KcruiMOBo/uXvJNI1MzutZNXaO61TnFs5wE9/de7+ewVP+a9I7EI3xtUitMEve3CYdFq2RiH75dHZ+Fp280lNSKBrnCwA0hraxouPwxMInstaiXE0Ho7L1bz4El48RqK6rT7R+JXdAgjpzMkLO24E+XrfgtZs40wLs84QU1A+h9mx4UuWlLFeV1dZLKx6a9sGg0hQgNN7m8O0bBClSGoLZh0fHCQde2PXVgEAlU4F7cprO3tRv0mbd5aXKwlzeLk7TqagY7yIcVj3zaNL+vAcTRTjqrn6nkCrYoI3wg11y4maCmKow+UwRYGpYmSpsY9MAOKKzumCNZh8xn+YE/B4w+rLuwaQ32aw8hNnzq6r0piSrajaYKQBbH6Zz/ggCKeT4gr2yiJT1V8tZYk1yQFi1wM8rX3GmbYVMdqyXEOHp6tg68aD46R2M9OeixpQs/4xYXUx3tdhzOuK0kpvFEEnQgbMEha7Q497GgWTflc4mtHf0wvkrgg3tCTX52sqxZBxFsFoBQuUtyjk59ZQinN1FVTeaBQMIWgBHs/44/LdCMiRh9cX3iw8rs+Zctg8IOHDoOMZO6deMbErZFlhvE1Vz5AoJXYw2yCp7qooc3Kk2gGtHd8yBzQzsOTFslw/epY7iDFRFiTA9pEjuqUPohB5bfn4mWNYOnsxI1+DgoWir0w/kRnmFnl1foVfLufFdfeCoojR1IRkHxt0HlrTyyZaTagDbYr/h7rrjU3qXsPsGm/aE4/njnAghDZp0g+NiZ9PwgcylCaAlT8BAspAikBEyh8LQsuwGldoYG2pdiqZvfIvUKuVQl2lLRabtZa03Yy3zqur7TpjWtMatbPexMV7t9xz+Gc3p/203d7zCQ4JIb+X3/s+z/s87++IYz8Qu7rQck6SNNvnXd7CfinpDlOgxNX/p4Ds2H7u9i7c4TM308KMtY2an/gA2D+fffVjIyPXSSwlW01xkzW3wPS4u8EoUKK0LyCMoIgMP8AfQGyRJLp7pNQGoKxD2qC6fblX3rgWyIYEjF9/T0DujfEonVf+Mme4+Q/cZY2ii2CYyZdnimdcbVfMx/TalKuzS63ucrrEsWqn2S8hwHCLT+NQD5n9/iG9HuaNheqYUYPfb3jeRTKIBnkjDwolvpM5iG6iucObIiBVV2v2Y7nges0H737k0a4aWyNt9MQn3EbBAohXtRU76Nzbrde/nS6+TboLH5HZww1AEoVPcpNgDcRGDG1CyxSVITXRhPVAKcAano5U37eoIs2LScw/hI+/T2H/VBx7br6k8JJ8F3acEjMH1czVonCocY09g2DooafZ1QQT4Dp7tHeS6Z9gGvR6jrbugWZI4pV4RPqWMU2nV9TtUKt9oVCwOgHBDmZLdosQ4SDGE+Hg9k0RkLvXn3yPQaiabbvzHe/fMTkcEpDpHdIaOZ3OZtTiaStvpI+7GAJ+Izmla4tICmnDo5yc1jNAzt4Ce+TTjUIbSAawHYE3phl9bRkQJOuQa6oAWtdt7wU5Rw6OHrru4RFhw6kTc93PJeukdddjXrYyU2IpdF1hh90X6tc+4L32xaI+84hYjWIvEjSocIW8z8TRrHsO9ojGPWhpCdoHUY4O3Zr3Y/1hODuXtePYyXMf7vvfBKQCu3Z+8THuNPYA69OXvsDks6ozN46+JaN9dFFOJ9Pl36GlAxTo6LTiTBR++QbKEWXFHdLYV+QaoA0Byuhc4VKRHXLljR2CZRDrpuDbImt8Xc6NkqG6ZSCovLNhe2/7CER5yGzFjRq6naGi+aSf05S3kq66XIMwJRHVR9Uo1iXCEETp7K2D8oxcNPF4JJF7g24J0TxUQmzRcyac4ZjfkP0GaOhDHG7/BXssqmee+w3C2PmrR7f9UQHZVoNe+2t+wt3FZjHLKw58j/6MXacuj769Q1qfKoGB+8dftgNCRj1eVpDPywIvj+B2f2vKlxS0MqeLbLxMurgALC0vFIMV55oaQLZAMFXLWrH11coK2jq4tsiwZhgbC0V7j44/UJyswB0Rh5iugscEdhRjAw01Mw3znNWgz5EnhrDPXhCr4IQmUV2wOcB11zglRBRwdU6ItQnnrayBqyu0B3eRKSFAMNwfPPurv8enF6q/O/bHB6R8B3qVHzxWcelyeVVFOW7f0b3vSlm4bY9ePjpWcWVYytcBQDuDlYsIfar63/sODCO63NqCDWlVcZkHBHG3TbfCry8UfIHFApaC7Fk3gqS2yABqQfItCwiGVUjuAPytF0fvXX3nYQtbz5z7DEurh867moN5AyNB4Sn2CWMjaue41qGP5gNC4OnffDgzWaco+CCIrzXVDswJQaJ4mU2U7F3KzNd7P/7a+Qyz1xHgkRvr/wnZR7e1/kk15MDZS+d27jlYcfLg2dvvgb17sbMQrnKV9UAZyFpE2jFsC+oisuX7R6XCiBKfHUhA3JF0oaNLSwpW2kx8dzwPiZPpSAOAWYBNunqau8FKXddIQRiztzHb+vZHqkZh/FXNRozgyenzvR4CRCJBJUO9RWkDmp/gwZBErFVI/NjSw2q9KFrsATtEGnMxz71milCqgvWDvVpOE4S+gMOc0PkLGoVYr4Yx3HWz6rcS5vE/C/Zu/akct2srbnfr7nfB3vL953IDFkdedQDkjoU+4wIyrVP+i8t4QcdnLOmAEOGuKVeMyIKbNhVptGK2OFOfkQ9WWllK/nQ7CILseCqCbQm63Ghi1ZvcrDeOlVLAgszeO/7VP//zyWJDJco3rT9ufFRo1efa0GNJXZQpGgrm8xDxlsKJvqQ4U72+kRkKGgLNN3p9USXxBNXMoh3Fq32c6B33ddZNcDwezkS40zkujpnH61ZX1RMaB2Z4NKwbYTySPXDg2KbhIRWfSxstf8dSys5ROUDmpoR0sHZZIDC5V/ClZWAH0rbEkklNgnh7cstApU5AlRtpfHlaitAGKiuX2Fw+18jt6xPWg2Vk+hRfZvuFERkeAGkFUwSZzVj86o5KN0Vzp01rAZT54+UbcrRdVySOEYUiGJ7naCW5RafMmFHoRaQMavyuIMfLk2jCPC+nPxcuYhezjmeIFshLbIvInjBoe5snvRCsnjeItFG1eQzzBhMoYY2EUEKaXKeQ7byExuNO1aYJyB6qlQ5Is6i06qxl4ZoRTUoodi3Dx+UoYspkZIvtlVhDcYmVHq4nA+SBnqTQ2mFiWXsiFrmsvVKZ5g73RXrYgQBrgT8VWaT2JIflS0JBWX6ySjZb/fQFOM1Y0Ol6qNJ2jKTc34ijHZ7rhzBrNUyIarUSLPmQHJowqYTQP+83G1yplPbBiIdSQkokspZrAvSNgdDpcnlz9F5d3S0hwvCgp1k71t9C9A5xJD/EJotUcxIuIRj+uj78Fz/48vDmYeqfWfDkyuncQFH5meq+wsAHmcVnD3D5VMaWxbVSNNNM9aX4GE8H8HiQHBAoQbouvSxHluPcBVtGqWIIBIg7LnCnVXy5xd0A0uSlWQT8wj2bTlbKaeysSziOeb0A2++VsRPr6MHeuaZc+kHph4gT9IVnRjhOGM1F4qCk5dbD5y6RGdNEiA9Dk50o8WjSo7V7MjbG8bXAcJdPqyjJdVZmRHamwmye6Kd0KcIFQaWf2cRT39y6eVsnJx6tAA1Pc6r3R09+5mcK7riA1MZP1rJZjcMphopLvcboYbTnpCoAzDDQGoE3yirbVe4ktR5deZZSyTamf5E1q9rZJiPyIqMSCFEEbEnNJk31K/xcl5GM56K8H+C+7YbecXBubvSNZacmrxDCTo66P2a3a8efkUqIz1DMRcD8D02KITvmlyOsTogNQYMo0Q+pmYOwo9s8Pu43izrziw/bZx4OhcLhcNMqs9gJJnRPeka+xLXeOHNik/ay/oZi3sKxMacY1GJAOvgIGw+QgSU2gsxypZZApSqJx+xYmVpWUgWUYZjKiq/l23owLAxgQaHWT6WMHXH5f6m7uti0zjMcqVplo52iHPkchMDSpFxEkXKNxAXSaUECEgNHcAQRwgEPUCm/M8QYSmm1ARFUgDOixlqc2NjBlMQB485/MNg0O2a2S9RYapbYcZ0osq2kmh3Zi9Yt2qp9Bzg4Uroll86dubL1vf7e9/l7P7b2ueoNPLDJyRU04j037Io2U8LgijB5r0Y8/+B99Gz+13VEfOKzMz8fBudOnrhtmwWuACuYBp+QFe9DVj0hNCKoFaQFpc/4RscIwBi3S0gLglp2dxP93mbsut8rqxJa77CwJKEKwlCFrOvE5xckC9arZw+puHj8VPMCn/oBb7Ysca6LPP/uaQeOA3rRQ6NN8gEeFtn5XG6YJwbDIIZXIB3OOdBTeOaoe9nBmRyCsGhuPBrrGWqFjin0L6eE1U8x3eOOV1MuCYQRr4HRjqMfO7W3AtbzAwOoLCHcqZ37ee0oi4EM26rrwRZGTV83NXLyqMwgKFpY20SyFqqj02VZazOkrUqvK30DKBpfoIIoaNt8ViYLnjvXL5Nlf/rbqA6VH9Lxb94y1tqYxnJAP+CYw2WudMc0BQVE6+Nvmvc5y7ruSm8npxeiifAKLZYqvEQ5FHL9Uirg4PIUYofoGJN8BAUyqysHrITp3t+SEt+/ovtf6Zexgufajxy5dnPe8uhR3PoOMTjozSpLdV7XlpBE4lZTsrqgdZKbOYh1bK0Zgs8LFteE2TSFgEfzBwUhhBMkxURZu5J6AdEWrQpBX1y+/AhFEufaD79B9Uc1/hwDB8nEJsPjZr2al5NiEJMJb+2VPTGpPsrJ7WM0JpOGefhiWMEDuFgfpu4Um81f5Utdm7moaM/tlkrhmvJOqxT2mquh7D753rKa1wCd//yS+oaAIx9K5tYkYLR03BwF+AoxaBd9BsOK8B1tYqdG2pG4V5AHHI9+u98I5gtiNZkSjTURpV8rIOKydGNst6mcO5Taki2OUOsN3qqMHD8sFZG/zYhc/2uV0fI/LJLDVJDjHdfuy1PjoqE+sYZfWJVnnj4HeLWVTZt04XJuoSzako7XLxAbAz/JAdmgdU01BC02bZzznE06JJylrie5ctGtqADSWNEHHNJmSngynNJ3N4b653+z876j8OaFX9ZWvD4l4Snql5Brz4BgRwJKZ7YmibAWSgij4UrFGbeVU2PGrL+2SKVi2CKEbXZ4cKeOrYJju/XLg+6EJE2zNzg2azh/3h+5/M11re3mtTMf27Rf/OyQF+TCxXv3Hv9HXgjncH6Ot8fJQFsYBMXky5gnNQ14hu4Jf48rasx8MNGlvCEw2XvLq7paQgv7kRMjf2BjXTn+uGecH0jhmqcbHPtkeHWzkRLuk7vAxPl7zd8+cdeMQdKmqtT+4XvvnT35Hfl/Tp9tUHBEVsqqSrZnAOHOSKidNXo+8tAnIIjdpDKtFVrjLD9hnB3NlgJK0vZ9ljVmJSNkOekDSdNB9zJc/epWOv3g4q+OnDx1430wtW785uThtnB/8e0PGZH4KV6Z7JRzl7tg+0Zsf5/c36zgGk4v2cZomKIs72NT6+oFdQUMdpp7OpPabyU9eD4Zc2BCELy1YT8GwUMeTpRTXu5lQi5OIGVmw7WUMOAx/6qvyf7jHpsJL11vlOPoLa81n74amkFJqlBTe1HUkjeGSivzSRRhLQw3dauRYQOxaA1VH8ZVqglQAm1+BvQywAzHhpOLISOx0i+0WuKGOaMxkgQwuWEb3jzScfbsm4SzDktBjjoqMA0Sg9EAjhSCxZtynMfDeWYaNl1UUH3KxT8oCC4Gp17pVPfAClw9rtGHV3tA0cQZl8vuIVVgJuZRi/g6jA1FN/WZsgNQSP7GEPgVeN2sev/uHtznquvy7ReHVaBD7ayZyAFh0ZIGFTqQVEZUiRWv0mRR5YsH2MkQMkZsodnBERmCtKGyheRDGQLKSPcbR1d8WolzOF0yjZkIwrcoMCXiA7WsA7L2xt8kckgK8tFjEcSEYNjl2Wrt6WFuZcoZwBgq0ZTnmHm1h0mNgDK1VUXThaVLSxu4Hhw9rW9/lVfA3YAyZjh6j0KDA6pOUkvH5LgdaoUUUw71F9/8/uvNLpjWo+BTTy28+1jv+N3xRu6kQa5HJP42xFJzDNFkaYDOAGXaDhBEgJhvSu2qkIqVnQp5TXMzKPpsm1hYX+8nN0no6wsPd0zD/jZLpDpXJayjpiliUKidGyC9Ee27b1lBPgWgSLzk+VHBnVZzua4MZ5J0/JhYb6p3n0e9c0kTr05TqNgeCBfLZQ1GurZwRq5z7KlboWk+aHIQ1KPBSVIPa5Z13B42vCy4RDbsz766q3bfe+kxkg8+udPeEBMt1IBIRhCGQQgwKhKkTHF6tWgyDYaoRR1w7pa0LZLNm6ZMXu9gUTBfXbcptxkoQ+VEZhdBj2qjsx5W74cCoTn/i5mgbXiGxbBeP/mWFeRPnm47nyd1pwLufZ3Ok9ugDn5auq9+qSDhyToqfr7JLYQDm+XOLrHYrM9tcuzduEjHidWS8kzMTtqOkEcq5nYD3Etpqx9duPOTewF3bE00NKJFGG3eNXoLukglQwHoGjFkiWqdkjAmhAtjxPD89ouZZGAt6PTGEYSOjiizSFtcOOus67+MiVu/nZL4SaEFabN6fcKbb/4czmEpiEbeKaLBooICg2hQD66j3poRc925bqplmcPLHE2MFHbDLuZzzhQxFphaXQ24Kp5iZsu+vPGEkkhipO4Fa+wi7hDc+dr2/UmyuXAbN1kNqM/oZ+0IDZT8xPD6ZCxDaA4lraZ4WkIs+ki50ScrJXfT9YgWPW5UsRKEYFZWk3+R/KVLgQYHQVGJcvZK+9tWkKOBcZjWCnXWiDpNxO1uaozy4lSUGuo8NUwKuw6+/SkuOiZaLQKEPB7VqOU66QYW4+S6mgkVlwICLNA83SmS/vm1e35/KR2spEusQqfTpPQ9cjaTbozFfhYiU41pty0+q8RprLmByIgxGBeMUSouPZKXRfL+w4lpowAAEptJREFUwXycgbQlFq98cF/YNNxH8+iD7w9JQc6evlITbE6dPn3j/xbkQooERjF+jWeQokizINyvXWCgkPQcjhYV4PrEurrEECbNQOBz2DME1xDuEzBBugq6g8eaohi25BBvchzlL1/7V5550FwwyOZlE6qQM2vTEtRDNC0tacv5EZ/FGRCM2SIJYbBhWQWVLekQFRhqMwwahCrWhFXpzXtvfXvifWKWQgGM/1J3dTFNpWm4GaPBkzl79KQ/aVoSEi6IiddNetFYKEmp0NK0DdXaUrptsx36Z2HaUvEnjkDanRYUVKJgoQzUKlLaWegPIxqpsKCQkXVVQARjkGAC+LPejNmYPef0tIhAZr2YjHAFCWnhvH3f93nf73meT++f8Jd+JQHZeR1b2OxvfXAUt1Tfwnzmlzdo0S9PtgvUrwx/tEDBYND+LnivwDLSJzhzBqWdAABA3Q32zrGpPGfSegZBuMLpd2xAVJ42a7K9hd8yqkSKjyN9j36/XDSNJ4dr4kpJB4J+uQlvu2MgRkv1Ff64V+lQdms7jLPzzUb8k08m+6oNaS07OVqi0yGoDIrOXt6F8mumPg3Ih6c//ekBSbJOCN/dQR/HqTtZhEKknxb94+cbf9uiqaMBSQEqUK5O6qMQNKUw28UMgZApZEbKp9+nOVsmOQy8MrfRUzuqwaDqpTytoipYmDM7OzlyAKbuZv2+ocJPl5MitddGA408EUsUh13d3RIp1sZJdcodN6UZ5IzGUUe9MuTrSh+k98QSaSI88YSuopvrClOgjkvJIxV+KsGgmfbqr6CHYLysvxPysIAcaiVkFSJZm1laenHzDGlyo5opldCa1KnxhAGkuVNBdhXDUxng2Nm8sgILmN0rSB2VW5Ecgk1p3wY40D8QN7njyS0KACs6WWZ1J2b4AJr+D/V+6Q3HpFQ/zo9FZ3xciXIyI5yvc2hXWyASRWocMFDQh0uhtIc+zErWJLaLRq82RcaCFh0t3qFQiaa4CxM4/lObYtEhmdTs/wKDoD+MuZiJfGUhuZFJyM3LvHPk1LOdG0pW7p6Tqdr6qxpzBmCJU7r/BVufx9On5qiyFYMCgE5F6xRQ0Jk2BZIhKErgTpeosf4FlWDayehDdycjJrOFzX45h5EeQdNnlg6bTgQ5xwu/f3Zjqp3vqNbUN/v8yliYVuOvCMV83FBJNNneiVG+Zj7mWqOa5MdciaTogFjnrS5OTM53caN+dATceUUa40chMnow7+L7Lu4nfCU95Mil+9cOHfwrYU/rhY2XE+8rFN1bxltu0QtkuEYqT5yHLwiFJidHaJbzkPawUJUGT4p4GWabJe5UAXS2bI1m6g7GZSKZ2em0RQKmuBo1aYIFKC2Y3vCfB+tK6d4b329J9D0owde8s7oWSgaFqB/S3iS70t0Ais0Wr/Jx/hW5TlsbXvHGJiAK6i7QTia1L0JQO/8CWhJ+HYUyDNrFaF2LdHRg6taXWPv+sQHJzCvKy9y/D3ngRRth77csOtuecsC4KvTA2XJWL+djAwha3EGFbLpsxAoCFoZdvWZ04g4GBWOvqlhMFRsEI9Oi3XgPocucrHJrg+Ujc0GhEDBQygl1BBtm4FfH1j2Of6N3fBw+telhHeEbQ4qfexMjwZFaKjTF7TPpIjXTTvbrZnD69dCAsmPCWKvsqqmZ5RuQMCkRQNCRj3EQr02SyORqY4kfgdCPv+zK6D9xDjkdYNMB2Vn8p/PLb/o4dlhsNqsrhTZmXC7kIVUMrGKxFelEgJeC6giLFQ+6C8re20RlojGMyUhnv+vH1WttrMhLBKthAh81erTl4azLhxyUuLnjjORfBzc7sLyRJvXWYMxQYmPFCq19aM0HIFRtbJS4PqAChR5J9aJX116XqHUYY41kMlRTMYH09qcYmGxFWXUkskYvnXDdImyXgBwXWdl9L9KfnyPnpkQgHWworxLbs8dsoAyFVLAikl1uxj1iAUt8moekhlXMYjKdcwVVQed7dK1Ofz8YT6vXGBZ14CUItgWcgRGLJ7K8voMkA4J83d9kmVHqX/Nc5NbjAYG6Eim8REkMJVbHlQ6uwWXwdndXz3/wD8+PDs8jrZ8MRbmLJDQgWCl4jPmZkSnFFJrh5LYJSG4TU7DuGoOr6AaKDsIwAKjMsJsF0tFGALcxIrjzzNyAAl1WUUGqtcG0ENyxwBgUBd4GZGamPEWZB9TqQZZbLDe3nkf1cU2fiy1P4wHpP7vxb/vEczHqRQd1crhEQwprNTgpSKONOgze5ySpa9jVqMl3zReH+XrdmfETmGHvMDKgUPTJg/LDGPWEPNHlc2gPbZuAEPb/cHjdwPStII2a+sxUi7kXBtm9puwAo7OXB4Kgx8SJ47iKTgfH+p1iq9UjjzsFY22VaxftRB5eP3778ekfMgkHDv64MQ32nbuMJcnAkc0m9mh68C7BviUZZmkUV0UUIpKJ0HN/V7FfUo3kAQRBRNq4sXlVM1ybv+tKrc+h9E+iAyMtkcTYRVdqkCGGNK7UN2uvb5+AbCgZTyzpC6UUIMgTyX7zvGL0MQo8ao7aVMnsNCnW9FTiuM0sb0MwrizAhm1rKh/51FH88V579Gizfy7z1BUkILc3aetZ11IbXtp4jIQzsDqKKbMlXfXh+hmtbtgoqa1Ly90kNxMV2h1NOU/1M/lDNAilPKymOIm7+M0ZtBVuzVBzz+MD2zYghEv4GpFq7Xy3u01lu3vhyZP7C0swAJa5I24PzyxTgziuAhVytopls9JBO2MEXrqXLlmV6mXsLfa3vrGoOA8+f+alSOrkfXP76qaj89kSnJ+LdG5sg6jxjvLH68k1fkltbb8kvzvfZUxb/IW9Yej1ouQvJ0M0aJKPeccaptJ5d/aYzzWerzWM6gqztm9ADi73wSAAwNbKTqGI82hvTlZRUd4UuqGiopReUDE46MGvLfQwChBcZVsCkRC42XZU0p6U9TDaVMtoIfzxSQOVHbj42fxXODBweeuL7TKv1FbXkUgri9pxpW+xozrE7yE1hkqUPq/B+5A7vtqj1FWkA3KCG0Z5Pbp8BIVR9KMlfqWXe+2T19r1c9PDahpkaNq+JYtwYM+goLzAHhAKLAV9DByZ/jclZKNnL3XfZZaBAJUKWllLAIqpODw6KDexqSZ1GwJyqfCIOQLCS+h9bYeejIDZb86tf4NbaPvY2gu86GmXryIx6vXVQK/5XMdNbaw4g0g6IZWGNbquFgTsZkxKUsckpGYjCgFos/3odotCqZdKXzevP3rJubtCJulbt3GGEL5bnhMxmepXAEwFZHj6t/6GlyPgYzyuFjEqVVaemCnA6A5gpRsZEO+9hO1O81uehefmLFHpgB27EuwiqzzyYn02ZN1BA/JwSznCzqfPifrVVSmRkkFUNs8XS0ueoxo0pHb5epLjYHEsJXcj+zFoS9HkO1C3ZeS3KFBo/dos89kiRAn9so0zhJDzqIxubQNgnklUmbpK9bwATnaHCEPcRqXyeoOdHJY4qf8A53rZYKVNrO6MyJ1CJsf2ERkmqTxMAZK798Lto5+9/kXMDCp3q7fPPaYnUSAIFTlF+dquKCXmi2KStBktTkckn9D2UFC520TI8b/2ri6mqSQKD0sgSloLZKFpapOb8NA06bOJDySlIRFoUcIapPxU7EJKxZgiVX6KNC24ifwoBQppKazIKgILsoi7KiykiNbfwCoFoxKNicQ06C66EVk12XvbWxAUsB3AW53voQ9N5s6d+83MOWfOmXNuOxXk2MwqBnl1yrQozkfXcO20ReHNhIC3+wWbN7MOxqfuuWEiT1uET/YQ51v0f51JMVmCl8X4sthMJjo5+zTq4qEft2/FLZeotAoW3XFWPO7UdT7eK+z3fH3bl0nwF3TCFbLbMaD0eZDfdDfhVtauur7I+fOswUtNdVW7TjX2/e2MgTjceAuX7k61+KPaIX6l8gjg1YRonlwXsOjTSQH04ByXzVg49ZKwx5PIk+CNgu3zN6fje35OOhsmyI6Ljo6LopPelNml3Q/CTUHL5T/0G3rBdsbgxuISrLmtsjl51KIyWmUdc07ekp3F7ZGR7ZOknypE3RR6NLYj/bdjg9v0q1FRj2pZSWOePIs6npcTzBLsfztC5hOV28JTzmzfctBlpPR0kin3g6fjpglpwrq6tUKwf78ryDdc4rnPuWGfIwY31nUCphghtqH++TSKk5fr2i91XLhCBvAym+4zQk7uzDhwxNS2Kh+Icmlim7W2V1v/zMue7XyfM9PLJx0n2lrRIdZ8yrL4q45iebmdnUl5G1kbA3KJmwlEug38X9Yzo+I15un7aZwxuC4/TUtCX0IRPk3ms/Hn3390IrP+cMZ9x0E988rp+tDvj21Lf/6wG3ydhBAFTJPlE7aGzp7g6Lh5w04XPkdIRdz2uDO5UT2pF8vTjhPSRHADNwxxVg7NpqXlxRvPjb9SKT1+Q7FUOneVvSyhipGekAww8yA7lIxt/IN9ZR+DWbWtT52e/mL3eTUDV327GMx861dLiEMeC+WH8G0rZV5nTBx3hZHSrycF93Rmdsan/hL11HHSvncLEa3ytNxktNla5SMzucfLbbxV+Tpd7FB2VwtRfHByAxFSXZKhZjL24RKF+XiwqbGx70JxCYOdlVG14+RQhDcQgpGF//g8LsctQnCFaCZasEAaVKeQ4Vn08LzcnNYyS05a+Za8bFwRTrm4NyyATp+dUgIO3o3+9zBWwCvdarx/ZWM9u54olg6kBQdO1Q3mx6pDNjAuELXZQkM21Nez63am1w9mqHfsig0E3kCI0lDg2M1lhupSNwkBo3Ep4cYPjmvLpmaJS6D0gLPFW21BEYDXb0u62D4VHj6uev/P3j3TOXdcoV+pYcHZM69XmiufYx/wZbuP7q52zCXxvaZrlycf4zYKU737NmkchvQVN0VmnjrZZSoEXkEIN8ZZaV5U1AzcJQQbeStZsO9UPkndE10xHW7xj3H+z9VVKqVtOg2meTvxzkhzubqEthvXk2pXePrInbsFMSu/BCdw1Equbf2tRwxHSAOjrrjOqWMxsiKH/WuME+YaDaA6IVwhDh4ZlwVqtEYimoGfmNgNsbSF/e/Gx82SRZu1zqgaXWh3JOrHNq0QCKWJJLyGbhWTsJuyHIKdcXjbOZOaSRjwu47UrPqHWytCJGM4rEDoKj8uJNIzifWyBjnMUyPE4sUKrXLqh9ycAXcfRHO4Dd2bHNbY+/+FMH9SJ9SAtqH8yZK/rpnW4OOtsVBvVnEB144J+TGqZUNJPYc2JYyePd7sZiurgxA3TTmd8cG1y6cniBGIC8fMohYF8DZCko33jM1KLaZtFfm7K0M+E7VnwgJ+Hn/tZisu4TVUcdweT2nppwUP5iWE8HkcHh/jA/wXrBEhuqnZilTRIjfpiiUpgEZr0fut1jvYZeZRsVcQ4rFh6AZK39lki/YOomjLinro6k1q4dDDrMsiPiLEtQwXrwZ7O74ftSeu25haTrBDNhzQIUKW1PB8F2bNW2v0XyFy/vojQpZCm4OQynUbU3JsyfNTQ9xvj5CIz9SKOEacj1bO+g0qsGDILAXfGiGcUVNDzedJzoXlVdcBHOGqPcp7CCEuEvhuAl87vIYQnqN8WAEfEUIRQiJMjiA3jOO/SYoIocKWVUNcIijktPr6FhchQihACL+oQCVxngpGChEhVFB7+RgA3y112wYR8mUMQzlByE4FIoQqhHBk530jJQARQhVCAKa0JgJECHUIQXYIDPgK0gn0qcQBCOtOCDY8JgoibGvrp1JrIKz/ClFEiFW4zcCxSD+VfAZhHQlRlOHAOagU8Yj0TNhceiY5+ubLYniNCCmtxhEIkg3ELb8PEpjdkYj9loaY6wcFrhiy/RfvXhw0vJZ0Ky06DIilfMNcir9Ao88yMDQM+EBgoMEA09zHCNu9Gap7kYl4h5G1JEQ/NODDU3Z/kARzeUhr4fqTlUE1t1fDda9VQjUX+qzDlsh3y4Eh1cL1VgtJiAyu++4YqOaaAUA1cCFdHVK4SAMe3AwHyXDRchFKgICA4F2w94/CbFuKmn7Pve6cll47RN+cUj2MCBMX9VLRRhuRWCcgTnObgxo8FyP9MpoBQgjxClUwRt2bFn+DPyUXiSEZRi5bPP6kmNkOBqCsAD2kld1No9TakOGQABCk9SjmUE40LwVizwnhWISg1voFCfEXialEiEKJIxG01GKeWVVEcw3gmT0PITVIQWslzBB6oVyZba1U9EzTbrbQIOaJIuhmv8c3Yodbe8cgIlCxwF+NEPlOlHd7JW+oR4hSQhuGIMRPIhn2/IryiARmz8DkNBrEAtPgIy8DCAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICG7if4eIwobsKtGoAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Demo of DBSCAN clustering algorithm

![Inductive
Clustering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Inductive Clustering

![Compare BIRCH and
MiniBatchKMeans](data:image/png;base64,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)

Compare BIRCH and MiniBatchKMeans

![Comparison of the K-Means and MiniBatchKMeans clustering
algorithms](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of the K-Means and MiniBatchKMeans clustering algorithms

![Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy datasets

![Selecting the number of clusters with silhouette analysis on KMeans
clustering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Selecting the number of clusters with silhouette analysis on KMeans clustering

![Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets

![Plot randomly generated classification
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot randomly generated classification dataset

![SGD: Maximum margin separating
hyperplane](data:image/png;base64,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)

SGD: Maximum margin separating hyperplane

![Plot multinomial and One-vs-Rest Logistic
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot multinomial and One-vs-Rest Logistic Regression

![Comparing anomaly detection algorithms for outlier detection on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing anomaly detection algorithms for outlier detection on toy datasets

![Demonstrating the different strategies of
KBinsDiscretizer](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demonstrating the different strategies of KBinsDiscretizer

![SVM: Maximum margin separating
hyperplane](data:image/png;base64,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)

SVM: Maximum margin separating hyperplane

![SVM Tie Breaking
Example](data:image/png;base64,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)

SVM Tie Breaking Example

![Plot the support vectors in
LinearSVC](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot the support vectors in LinearSVC

![SVM: Separating hyperplane for unbalanced
classes](data:image/png;base64,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)

SVM: Separating hyperplane for unbalanced classes

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.make_blobs.html

