# sklearn.neighbors.LocalOutlierFactor

`class sklearn.neighbors.LocalOutlierFactor(n_neighbors=20, *,
algorithm='auto', leaf_size=30, metric='minkowski', p=2, metric_params=None,
contamination='auto', novelty=False, n_jobs=None)` [source]

    
Unsupervised Outlier Detection using Local Outlier Factor (LOF)

The anomaly score of each sample is called Local Outlier Factor. It measures
the local deviation of density of a given sample with respect to its
neighbors. It is local in that the anomaly score depends on how isolated the
object is with respect to the surrounding neighborhood. More precisely,
locality is given by k-nearest neighbors, whose distance is used to estimate
the local density. By comparing the local density of a sample to the local
densities of its neighbors, one can identify samples that have a substantially
lower density than their neighbors. These are considered outliers.

New in version 0.19.

Parameters

    
`n_neighborsint, default=20`

    
Number of neighbors to use by default for `kneighbors` queries. If n_neighbors
is larger than the number of samples provided, all samples will be used.

`algorithm{‘auto’, ‘ball_tree’, ‘kd_tree’, ‘brute’}, default=’auto’`

    
Algorithm used to compute the nearest neighbors:

  * ‘ball_tree’ will use `BallTree`
  * ‘kd_tree’ will use `KDTree`
  * ‘brute’ will use a brute-force search.
  * ‘auto’ will attempt to decide the most appropriate algorithm based on the values passed to `fit` method.

Note: fitting on sparse input will override the setting of this parameter,
using brute force.

`leaf_sizeint, default=30`

    
Leaf size passed to `BallTree` or `KDTree`. This can affect the speed of the
construction and query, as well as the memory required to store the tree. The
optimal value depends on the nature of the problem.

`metricstr or callable, default=’minkowski’`

    
metric used for the distance computation. Any metric from scikit-learn or
scipy.spatial.distance can be used.

If metric is “precomputed”, X is assumed to be a distance matrix and must be
square. X may be a sparse matrix, in which case only “nonzero” elements may be
considered neighbors.

If metric is a callable function, it is called on each pair of instances
(rows) and the resulting value recorded. The callable should take two arrays
as input and return one value indicating the distance between them. This works
for Scipy’s metrics, but is less efficient than passing the metric name as a
string.

Valid values for metric are:

  * from scikit-learn: [‘cityblock’, ‘cosine’, ‘euclidean’, ‘l1’, ‘l2’, ‘manhattan’]
  * from scipy.spatial.distance: [‘braycurtis’, ‘canberra’, ‘chebyshev’, ‘correlation’, ‘dice’, ‘hamming’, ‘jaccard’, ‘kulsinski’, ‘mahalanobis’, ‘minkowski’, ‘rogerstanimoto’, ‘russellrao’, ‘seuclidean’, ‘sokalmichener’, ‘sokalsneath’, ‘sqeuclidean’, ‘yule’]

See the documentation for scipy.spatial.distance for details on these metrics:
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/spatial.distance.html

`pint, default=2`

    
Parameter for the Minkowski metric from
`sklearn.metrics.pairwise.pairwise_distances`. When p = 1, this is equivalent
to using manhattan_distance (l1), and euclidean_distance (l2) for p = 2. For
arbitrary p, minkowski_distance (l_p) is used.

`metric_paramsdict, default=None`

    
Additional keyword arguments for the metric function.

`contamination‘auto’ or float, default=’auto’`

    
The amount of contamination of the data set, i.e. the proportion of outliers
in the data set. When fitting this is used to define the threshold on the
scores of the samples.

  * if ‘auto’, the threshold is determined as in the original paper,
  * if a float, the contamination should be in the range [0, 0.5].

Changed in version 0.22: The default value of `contamination` changed from 0.1
to `'auto'`.

`noveltybool, default=False`

    
By default, LocalOutlierFactor is only meant to be used for outlier detection
(novelty=False). Set novelty to True if you want to use LocalOutlierFactor for
novelty detection. In this case be aware that that you should only use
predict, decision_function and score_samples on new unseen data and not on the
training set.

New in version 0.20.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of parallel jobs to run for neighbors search. `None` means 1 unless
in a `joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

Attributes

    
`negative_outlier_factor_ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The opposite LOF of the training samples. The higher, the more normal. Inliers
tend to have a LOF score close to 1 (`negative_outlier_factor_` close to -1),
while outliers tend to have a larger LOF score.

The local outlier factor (LOF) of a sample captures its supposed ‘degree of
abnormality’. It is the average of the ratio of the local reachability density
of a sample and those of its k-nearest neighbors.

`n_neighbors_int`

    
The actual number of neighbors used for `kneighbors` queries.

`offset_float`

    
Offset used to obtain binary labels from the raw scores. Observations having a
negative_outlier_factor smaller than `offset_` are detected as abnormal. The
offset is set to -1.5 (inliers score around -1), except when a contamination
parameter different than “auto” is provided. In that case, the offset is
defined in such a way we obtain the expected number of outliers in training.

New in version 0.20.

`effective_metric_str`

    
The effective metric used for the distance computation.

`effective_metric_params_dict`

    
The effective additional keyword arguments for the metric function.

`n_samples_fit_int`

    
It is the number of samples in the fitted data.

#### References

`1`

    
Breunig, M. M., Kriegel, H. P., Ng, R. T., & Sander, J. (2000, May). LOF:
identifying density-based local outliers. In ACM sigmod record.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.neighbors import LocalOutlierFactor
    >>> X = [[-1.1], [0.2], [101.1], [0.3]]
    >>> clf = LocalOutlierFactor(n_neighbors=2)
    >>> clf.fit_predict(X)
    array([ 1,  1, -1,  1])
    >>> clf.negative_outlier_factor_
    array([ -0.9821...,  -1.0370..., -73.3697...,  -0.9821...])
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y]) | Fit the local outlier factor detector from the training dataset.  
---|---  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`kneighbors`([X, n_neighbors, return_distance]) | Finds the K-neighbors of a point.  
`kneighbors_graph`([X, n_neighbors, mode]) | Computes the (weighted) graph of k-Neighbors for points in X  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`property decision_function`

    
Shifted opposite of the Local Outlier Factor of X.

Bigger is better, i.e. large values correspond to inliers.

Only available for novelty detection (when novelty is set to True). The shift
offset allows a zero threshold for being an outlier. The argument X is
supposed to contain new data: if X contains a point from training, it
considers the later in its own neighborhood. Also, the samples in X are not
considered in the neighborhood of any point.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The query sample or samples to compute the Local Outlier Factor w.r.t. the
training samples.

Returns

    
`shifted_opposite_lof_scoresndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The shifted opposite of the Local Outlier Factor of each input samples. The
lower, the more abnormal. Negative scores represent outliers, positive scores
represent inliers.

`fit(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fit the local outlier factor detector from the training dataset.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features) or (n_samples,
n_samples) if metric=’precomputed’`

    
Training data.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present for API consistency by convention.

Returns

    
`selfLocalOutlierFactor`

    
The fitted local outlier factor detector.

`property fit_predict`

    
Fits the model to the training set X and returns the labels.

Not available for novelty detection (when novelty is set to True). Label is 1
for an inlier and -1 for an outlier according to the LOF score and the
contamination parameter.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features), default=None`

    
The query sample or samples to compute the Local Outlier Factor w.r.t. to the
training samples.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present for API consistency by convention.

Returns

    
`is_inlierndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Returns -1 for anomalies/outliers and 1 for inliers.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`kneighbors(X=None, n_neighbors=None, return_distance=True)` [source]

    
Finds the K-neighbors of a point.

Returns indices of and distances to the neighbors of each point.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_queries, n_features), or (n_queries, n_indexed) if
metric == ‘precomputed’, default=None`

    
The query point or points. If not provided, neighbors of each indexed point
are returned. In this case, the query point is not considered its own
neighbor.

`n_neighborsint, default=None`

    
Number of neighbors required for each sample. The default is the value passed
to the constructor.

`return_distancebool, default=True`

    
Whether or not to return the distances.

Returns

    
`neigh_distndarray of shape (n_queries, n_neighbors)`

    
Array representing the lengths to points, only present if return_distance=True

`neigh_indndarray of shape (n_queries, n_neighbors)`

    
Indices of the nearest points in the population matrix.

#### Examples

In the following example, we construct a NearestNeighbors class from an array
representing our data set and ask who’s the closest point to [1,1,1]

    
    >>> samples = [[0., 0., 0.], [0., .5, 0.], [1., 1., .5]]
    >>> from sklearn.neighbors import NearestNeighbors
    >>> neigh = NearestNeighbors(n_neighbors=1)
    >>> neigh.fit(samples)
    NearestNeighbors(n_neighbors=1)
    >>> print(neigh.kneighbors([[1., 1., 1.]]))
    (array([[0.5]]), array([[2]]))
    
As you can see, it returns [[0.5]], and [[2]], which means that the element is
at distance 0.5 and is the third element of samples (indexes start at 0). You
can also query for multiple points:

    
    >>> X = [[0., 1., 0.], [1., 0., 1.]]
    >>> neigh.kneighbors(X, return_distance=False)
    array([[1],
           [2]]...)
    
`kneighbors_graph(X=None, n_neighbors=None, mode='connectivity')` [source]

    
Computes the (weighted) graph of k-Neighbors for points in X

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_queries, n_features), or (n_queries, n_indexed) if
metric == ‘precomputed’, default=None`

    
The query point or points. If not provided, neighbors of each indexed point
are returned. In this case, the query point is not considered its own
neighbor. For `metric='precomputed'` the shape should be (n_queries,
n_indexed). Otherwise the shape should be (n_queries, n_features).

`n_neighborsint, default=None`

    
Number of neighbors for each sample. The default is the value passed to the
constructor.

`mode{‘connectivity’, ‘distance’}, default=’connectivity’`

    
Type of returned matrix: ‘connectivity’ will return the connectivity matrix
with ones and zeros, in ‘distance’ the edges are Euclidean distance between
points.

Returns

    
`Asparse-matrix of shape (n_queries, n_samples_fit)`

    
`n_samples_fit` is the number of samples in the fitted data `A[i, j]` is
assigned the weight of edge that connects `i` to `j`. The matrix is of CSR
format.

See also

`NearestNeighbors.radius_neighbors_graph`

#### Examples

    
    >>> X = [[0], [3], [1]]
    >>> from sklearn.neighbors import NearestNeighbors
    >>> neigh = NearestNeighbors(n_neighbors=2)
    >>> neigh.fit(X)
    NearestNeighbors(n_neighbors=2)
    >>> A = neigh.kneighbors_graph(X)
    >>> A.toarray()
    array([[1., 0., 1.],
           [0., 1., 1.],
           [1., 0., 1.]])
    
`property predict`

    
Predict the labels (1 inlier, -1 outlier) of X according to LOF.

Only available for novelty detection (when novelty is set to True). This
method allows to generalize prediction to new observations (not in the
training set).

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The query sample or samples to compute the Local Outlier Factor w.r.t. to the
training samples.

Returns

    
`is_inlierndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Returns -1 for anomalies/outliers and +1 for inliers.

`property score_samples`

    
Opposite of the Local Outlier Factor of X.

It is the opposite as bigger is better, i.e. large values correspond to
inliers.

Only available for novelty detection (when novelty is set to True). The
argument X is supposed to contain new data: if X contains a point from
training, it considers the later in its own neighborhood. Also, the samples in
X are not considered in the neighborhood of any point. The score_samples on
training data is available by considering the the `negative_outlier_factor_`
attribute.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The query sample or samples to compute the Local Outlier Factor w.r.t. the
training samples.

Returns

    
`opposite_lof_scoresndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The opposite of the Local Outlier Factor of each input samples. The lower, the
more abnormal.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.neighbors.LocalOutlierFactor`

![Comparing anomaly detection algorithms for outlier detection on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing anomaly detection algorithms for outlier detection on toy datasets

![Outlier detection with Local Outlier Factor
\(LOF\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Outlier detection with Local Outlier Factor (LOF)

![Novelty detection with Local Outlier Factor
\(LOF\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Novelty detection with Local Outlier Factor (LOF)

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.neighbors.LocalOutlierFactor.html

