# sklearn.linear_model.RidgeCV

`class sklearn.linear_model.RidgeCV(alphas=0.1, 1.0, 10.0, *,
fit_intercept=True, normalize=False, scoring=None, cv=None, gcv_mode=None,
store_cv_values=False, alpha_per_target=False)` [source]

    
Ridge regression with built-in cross-validation.

See glossary entry for cross-validation estimator.

By default, it performs efficient Leave-One-Out Cross-Validation.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`alphasndarray of shape (n_alphas,), default=(0.1, 1.0, 10.0)`

    
Array of alpha values to try. Regularization strength; must be a positive
float. Regularization improves the conditioning of the problem and reduces the
variance of the estimates. Larger values specify stronger regularization.
Alpha corresponds to `1 / (2C)` in other linear models such as
`LogisticRegression` or `LinearSVC`. If using Leave-One-Out cross-validation,
alphas must be positive.

`fit_interceptbool, default=True`

    
Whether to calculate the intercept for this model. If set to false, no
intercept will be used in calculations (i.e. data is expected to be centered).

`normalizebool, default=False`

    
This parameter is ignored when `fit_intercept` is set to False. If True, the
regressors X will be normalized before regression by subtracting the mean and
dividing by the l2-norm. If you wish to standardize, please use
`StandardScaler` before calling `fit` on an estimator with `normalize=False`.

`scoringstring, callable, default=None`

    
A string (see model evaluation documentation) or a scorer callable object /
function with signature `scorer(estimator, X, y)`. If None, the negative mean
squared error if cv is ‘auto’ or None (i.e. when using leave-one-out cross-
validation), and r2 score otherwise.

`cvint, cross-validation generator or an iterable, default=None`

    
Determines the cross-validation splitting strategy. Possible inputs for cv
are:

  * None, to use the efficient Leave-One-Out cross-validation
  * integer, to specify the number of folds.
  * CV splitter,
  * An iterable yielding (train, test) splits as arrays of indices.

For integer/None inputs, if `y` is binary or multiclass, `StratifiedKFold` is
used, else, `KFold` is used.

Refer User Guide for the various cross-validation strategies that can be used
here.

`gcv_mode{‘auto’, ‘svd’, eigen’}, default=’auto’`

    
Flag indicating which strategy to use when performing Leave-One-Out Cross-
Validation. Options are:

    
    'auto' : use 'svd' if n_samples > n_features, otherwise use 'eigen'
    'svd' : force use of singular value decomposition of X when X is
        dense, eigenvalue decomposition of X^T.X when X is sparse.
    'eigen' : force computation via eigendecomposition of X.X^T
    
The ‘auto’ mode is the default and is intended to pick the cheaper option of
the two depending on the shape of the training data.

`store_cv_valuesbool, default=False`

    
Flag indicating if the cross-validation values corresponding to each alpha
should be stored in the `cv_values_` attribute (see below). This flag is only
compatible with `cv=None` (i.e. using Leave-One-Out Cross-Validation).

`alpha_per_targetbool, default=False`

    
Flag indicating whether to optimize the alpha value (picked from the `alphas`
parameter list) for each target separately (for multi-output settings:
multiple prediction targets). When set to `True`, after fitting, the `alpha_`
attribute will contain a value for each target. When set to `False`, a single
alpha is used for all targets.

New in version 0.24.

Attributes

    
`cv_values_ndarray of shape (n_samples, n_alphas) or shape (n_samples,
n_targets, n_alphas), optional`

    
Cross-validation values for each alpha (only available if
`store_cv_values=True` and `cv=None`). After `fit()` has been called, this
attribute will contain the mean squared errors (by default) or the values of
the `{loss,score}_func` function (if provided in the constructor).

`coef_ndarray of shape (n_features) or (n_targets, n_features)`

    
Weight vector(s).

`intercept_float or ndarray of shape (n_targets,)`

    
Independent term in decision function. Set to 0.0 if `fit_intercept = False`.

`alpha_float or ndarray of shape (n_targets,)`

    
Estimated regularization parameter, or, if `alpha_per_target=True`, the
estimated regularization parameter for each target.

`best_score_float or ndarray of shape (n_targets,)`

    
Score of base estimator with best alpha, or, if `alpha_per_target=True`, a
score for each target.

New in version 0.23.

See also

`Ridge`

    
Ridge regression.

`RidgeClassifier`

    
Ridge classifier.

`RidgeClassifierCV`

    
Ridge classifier with built-in cross validation.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_diabetes
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import RidgeCV
    >>> X, y = load_diabetes(return_X_y=True)
    >>> clf = RidgeCV(alphas=[1e-3, 1e-2, 1e-1, 1]).fit(X, y)
    >>> clf.score(X, y)
    0.5166...
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Fit Ridge regression model with cv.  
---|---  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict using the linear model.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Fit Ridge regression model with cv.

Parameters

    
`Xndarray of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Training data. If using GCV, will be cast to float64 if necessary.

`yndarray of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_targets)`

    
Target values. Will be cast to X’s dtype if necessary.

`sample_weightfloat or ndarray of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Individual weights for each sample. If given a float, every sample will have
the same weight.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

#### Notes

When sample_weight is provided, the selected hyperparameter may depend on
whether we use leave-one-out cross-validation (cv=None or cv=’auto’) or
another form of cross-validation, because only leave-one-out cross-validation
takes the sample weights into account when computing the validation score.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict using the linear model.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like or sparse matrix, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Samples.

Returns

    
`Carray, shape (n_samples,)`

    
Returns predicted values.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.

The coefficient \\(R^2\\) is defined as \\((1 - \frac{u}{v})\\), where \\(u\\)
is the residual sum of squares `((y_true - y_pred) ** 2).sum()` and \\(v\\) is
the total sum of squares `((y_true - y_true.mean()) ** 2).sum()`. The best
possible score is 1.0 and it can be negative (because the model can be
arbitrarily worse). A constant model that always predicts the expected value
of `y`, disregarding the input features, would get a \\(R^2\\) score of 0.0.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples. For some estimators this may be a precomputed kernel matrix or a
list of generic objects instead with shape `(n_samples, n_samples_fitted)`,
where `n_samples_fitted` is the number of samples used in the fitting for the
estimator.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True values for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
\\(R^2\\) of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

#### Notes

The \\(R^2\\) score used when calling `score` on a regressor uses
`multioutput='uniform_average'` from version 0.23 to keep consistent with
default value of `r2_score`. This influences the `score` method of all the
multioutput regressors (except for `MultiOutputRegressor`).

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.linear_model.RidgeCV`

![Combine predictors using
stacking](data:image/png;base64,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)

Combine predictors using stacking

![Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear
models](data:image/png;base64,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)

Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear models

![Face completion with a multi-output
estimators](data:image/png;base64,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)

Face completion with a multi-output estimators

![Effect of transforming the targets in regression
model](data:image/png;base64,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)

Effect of transforming the targets in regression model

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.RidgeCV.html

