# sklearn.ensemble.HistGradientBoostingClassifier

`class sklearn.ensemble.HistGradientBoostingClassifier(loss='auto', *,
learning_rate=0.1, max_iter=100, max_leaf_nodes=31, max_depth=None,
min_samples_leaf=20, l2_regularization=0.0, max_bins=255,
categorical_features=None, monotonic_cst=None, warm_start=False,
early_stopping='auto', scoring='loss', validation_fraction=0.1,
n_iter_no_change=10, tol=1e-07, verbose=0, random_state=None)` [source]

    
Histogram-based Gradient Boosting Classification Tree.

This estimator is much faster than `GradientBoostingClassifier` for big
datasets (n_samples >= 10 000).

This estimator has native support for missing values (NaNs). During training,
the tree grower learns at each split point whether samples with missing values
should go to the left or right child, based on the potential gain. When
predicting, samples with missing values are assigned to the left or right
child consequently. If no missing values were encountered for a given feature
during training, then samples with missing values are mapped to whichever
child has the most samples.

This implementation is inspired by LightGBM.

Note

This estimator is still experimental for now: the predictions and the API
might change without any deprecation cycle. To use it, you need to explicitly
import `enable_hist_gradient_boosting`:

    
    >>> # explicitly require this experimental feature
    >>> from sklearn.experimental import enable_hist_gradient_boosting  # noqa
    >>> # now you can import normally from ensemble
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import HistGradientBoostingClassifier
    
Read more in the User Guide.

New in version 0.21.

Parameters

    
`loss{‘auto’, ‘binary_crossentropy’, ‘categorical_crossentropy’},
default=’auto’`

    
The loss function to use in the boosting process. ‘binary_crossentropy’ (also
known as logistic loss) is used for binary classification and generalizes to
‘categorical_crossentropy’ for multiclass classification. ‘auto’ will
automatically choose either loss depending on the nature of the problem.

`learning_ratefloat, default=0.1`

    
The learning rate, also known as shrinkage. This is used as a multiplicative
factor for the leaves values. Use `1` for no shrinkage.

`max_iterint, default=100`

    
The maximum number of iterations of the boosting process, i.e. the maximum
number of trees for binary classification. For multiclass classification,
`n_classes` trees per iteration are built.

`max_leaf_nodesint or None, default=31`

    
The maximum number of leaves for each tree. Must be strictly greater than 1.
If None, there is no maximum limit.

`max_depthint or None, default=None`

    
The maximum depth of each tree. The depth of a tree is the number of edges to
go from the root to the deepest leaf. Depth isn’t constrained by default.

`min_samples_leafint, default=20`

    
The minimum number of samples per leaf. For small datasets with less than a
few hundred samples, it is recommended to lower this value since only very
shallow trees would be built.

`l2_regularizationfloat, default=0`

    
The L2 regularization parameter. Use 0 for no regularization.

`max_binsint, default=255`

    
The maximum number of bins to use for non-missing values. Before training,
each feature of the input array `X` is binned into integer-valued bins, which
allows for a much faster training stage. Features with a small number of
unique values may use less than `max_bins` bins. In addition to the `max_bins`
bins, one more bin is always reserved for missing values. Must be no larger
than 255.

`monotonic_cstarray-like of int of shape (n_features), default=None`

    
Indicates the monotonic constraint to enforce on each feature. -1, 1 and 0
respectively correspond to a negative constraint, positive constraint and no
constraint. Read more in the User Guide.

New in version 0.23.

`categorical_featuresarray-like of {bool, int} of shape (n_features) or shape
(n_categorical_features,), default=None.`

    
Indicates the categorical features.

  * None : no feature will be considered categorical.
  * boolean array-like : boolean mask indicating categorical features.
  * integer array-like : integer indices indicating categorical features.

For each categorical feature, there must be at most `max_bins` unique
categories, and each categorical value must be in [0, max_bins -1].

Read more in the User Guide.

New in version 0.24.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to `True`, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit and add
more estimators to the ensemble. For results to be valid, the estimator should
be re-trained on the same data only. See the Glossary.

`early_stopping‘auto’ or bool, default=’auto’`

    
If ‘auto’, early stopping is enabled if the sample size is larger than 10000.
If True, early stopping is enabled, otherwise early stopping is disabled.

New in version 0.23.

`scoringstr or callable or None, default=’loss’`

    
Scoring parameter to use for early stopping. It can be a single string (see
The scoring parameter: defining model evaluation rules) or a callable (see
Defining your scoring strategy from metric functions). If None, the
estimator’s default scorer is used. If `scoring='loss'`, early stopping is
checked w.r.t the loss value. Only used if early stopping is performed.

`validation_fractionint or float or None, default=0.1`

    
Proportion (or absolute size) of training data to set aside as validation data
for early stopping. If None, early stopping is done on the training data. Only
used if early stopping is performed.

`n_iter_no_changeint, default=10`

    
Used to determine when to “early stop”. The fitting process is stopped when
none of the last `n_iter_no_change` scores are better than the
`n_iter_no_change - 1` -th-to-last one, up to some tolerance. Only used if
early stopping is performed.

`tolfloat or None, default=1e-7`

    
The absolute tolerance to use when comparing scores. The higher the tolerance,
the more likely we are to early stop: higher tolerance means that it will be
harder for subsequent iterations to be considered an improvement upon the
reference score.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
The verbosity level. If not zero, print some information about the fitting
process.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Pseudo-random number generator to control the subsampling in the binning
process, and the train/validation data split if early stopping is enabled.
Pass an int for reproducible output across multiple function calls. See
Glossary.

Attributes

    
`classes_array, shape = (n_classes,)`

    
Class labels.

`do_early_stopping_bool`

    
Indicates whether early stopping is used during training.

`n_iter_int`

    
The number of iterations as selected by early stopping, depending on the
`early_stopping` parameter. Otherwise it corresponds to max_iter.

`n_trees_per_iteration_int`

    
The number of tree that are built at each iteration. This is equal to 1 for
binary classification, and to `n_classes` for multiclass classification.

`train_score_ndarray, shape (n_iter_+1,)`

    
The scores at each iteration on the training data. The first entry is the
score of the ensemble before the first iteration. Scores are computed
according to the `scoring` parameter. If `scoring` is not ‘loss’, scores are
computed on a subset of at most 10 000 samples. Empty if no early stopping.

`validation_score_ndarray, shape (n_iter_+1,)`

    
The scores at each iteration on the held-out validation data. The first entry
is the score of the ensemble before the first iteration. Scores are computed
according to the `scoring` parameter. Empty if no early stopping or if
`validation_fraction` is None.

`is_categorical_ndarray, shape (n_features, ) or None`

    
Boolean mask for the categorical features. `None` if there are no categorical
features.

#### Examples

    
    >>> # To use this experimental feature, we need to explicitly ask for it:
    >>> from sklearn.experimental import enable_hist_gradient_boosting  # noqa
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import HistGradientBoostingClassifier
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    >>> X, y = load_iris(return_X_y=True)
    >>> clf = HistGradientBoostingClassifier().fit(X, y)
    >>> clf.score(X, y)
    1.0
    
#### Methods

`decision_function`(X) | Compute the decision function of `X`.  
---|---  
`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Fit the gradient boosting model.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict classes for X.  
`predict_proba`(X) | Predict class probabilities for X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`staged_decision_function`(X) | Compute decision function of `X` for each iteration.  
`staged_predict`(X) | Predict classes at each iteration.  
`staged_predict_proba`(X) | Predict class probabilities at each iteration.  
`decision_function(X)` [source]

    
Compute the decision function of `X`.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

Returns

    
`decisionndarray, shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_trees_per_iteration)`

    
The raw predicted values (i.e. the sum of the trees leaves) for each sample.
n_trees_per_iteration is equal to the number of classes in multiclass
classification.

`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Fit the gradient boosting model.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target values.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,) default=None`

    
Weights of training data.

New in version 0.23.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict classes for X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

Returns

    
`yndarray, shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted classes.

`predict_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class probabilities for X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

Returns

    
`pndarray, shape (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
The class probabilities of the input samples.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.

In multi-label classification, this is the subset accuracy which is a harsh
metric since you require for each sample that each label set be correctly
predicted.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True labels for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
Mean accuracy of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`staged_decision_function(X)` [source]

    
Compute decision function of `X` for each iteration.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

Yields

    
`decisiongenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples,
n_trees_per_iteration)`

    
The decision function of the input samples, which corresponds to the raw
values predicted from the trees of the ensemble . The classes corresponds to
that in the attribute classes_.

`staged_predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict classes at each iteration.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

New in version 0.24.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

Yields

    
`ygenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted classes of the input samples, for each iteration.

`staged_predict_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class probabilities at each iteration.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples.

Yields

    
`ygenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted class probabilities of the input samples, for each iteration.

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.HistGradientBoostingClassifier`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.23](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.23

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.24](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.24

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.HistGradientBoostingClassifier.html

