# sklearn.multiclass.OneVsRestClassifier

`class sklearn.multiclass.OneVsRestClassifier(estimator, *, n_jobs=None)`
[source]

    
One-vs-the-rest (OvR) multiclass strategy.

Also known as one-vs-all, this strategy consists in fitting one classifier per
class. For each classifier, the class is fitted against all the other classes.
In addition to its computational efficiency (only `n_classes` classifiers are
needed), one advantage of this approach is its interpretability. Since each
class is represented by one and one classifier only, it is possible to gain
knowledge about the class by inspecting its corresponding classifier. This is
the most commonly used strategy for multiclass classification and is a fair
default choice.

OneVsRestClassifier can also be used for multilabel classification. To use
this feature, provide an indicator matrix for the target `y` when calling
`.fit`. In other words, the target labels should be formatted as a 2D binary
(0/1) matrix, where [i, j] == 1 indicates the presence of label j in sample i.
This estimator uses the binary relevance method to perform multilabel
classification, which involves training one binary classifier independently
for each label.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`estimatorestimator object`

    
An estimator object implementing fit and one of decision_function or
predict_proba.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of jobs to use for the computation: the `n_classes` one-vs-rest
problems are computed in parallel.

`None` means 1 unless in a `joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using
all processors. See Glossary for more details.

Changed in version v0.20: `n_jobs` default changed from 1 to None

Attributes

    
`estimators_list of n_classes estimators`

    
Estimators used for predictions.

`coef_ndarray of shape (1, n_features) or (n_classes, n_features)`

    
Coefficient of the features in the decision function. This attribute exists
only if the `estimators_` defines `coef_`.

Deprecated since version 0.24: This attribute is deprecated in 0.24 and will
be removed in 1.1 (renaming of 0.26). If you use this attribute in `RFE` or
`SelectFromModel`, you may pass a callable to the `importance_getter`
parameter that extracts feature the importances from `estimators_`.

`intercept_ndarray of shape (1, 1) or (n_classes, 1)`

    
If `y` is binary, the shape is `(1, 1)` else `(n_classes, 1)` This attribute
exists only if the `estimators_` defines `intercept_`.

Deprecated since version 0.24: This attribute is deprecated in 0.24 and will
be removed in 1.1 (renaming of 0.26). If you use this attribute in `RFE` or
`SelectFromModel`, you may pass a callable to the `importance_getter`
parameter that extracts feature the importances from `estimators_`.

`classes_array, shape = [n_classes]`

    
Class labels.

`n_classes_int`

    
Number of classes.

`label_binarizer_LabelBinarizer object`

    
Object used to transform multiclass labels to binary labels and vice-versa.

`multilabel_boolean`

    
Whether this is a multilabel classifier

See also

`sklearn.multioutput.MultiOutputClassifier`

    
Alternate way of extending an estimator for multilabel classification.

`sklearn.preprocessing.MultiLabelBinarizer`

    
Transform iterable of iterables to binary indicator matrix.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.multiclass import OneVsRestClassifier
    >>> from sklearn.svm import SVC
    >>> X = np.array([
    ...     [10, 10],
    ...     [8, 10],
    ...     [-5, 5.5],
    ...     [-5.4, 5.5],
    ...     [-20, -20],
    ...     [-15, -20]
    ... ])
    >>> y = np.array([0, 0, 1, 1, 2, 2])
    >>> clf = OneVsRestClassifier(SVC()).fit(X, y)
    >>> clf.predict([[-19, -20], [9, 9], [-5, 5]])
    array([2, 0, 1])
    
#### Methods

`decision_function`(X) | Returns the distance of each sample from the decision boundary for each class.  
---|---  
`fit`(X, y) | Fit underlying estimators.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`partial_fit`(X, y[, classes]) | Partially fit underlying estimators  
`predict`(X) | Predict multi-class targets using underlying estimators.  
`predict_proba`(X) | Probability estimates.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`decision_function(X)` [source]

    
Returns the distance of each sample from the decision boundary for each class.
This can only be used with estimators which implement the decision_function
method.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

Returns

    
`Tarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_classes) or (n_samples,) for binary
classification.`

    
Changed in version 0.19: output shape changed to `(n_samples,)` to conform to
scikit-learn conventions for binary classification.

`fit(X, y)` [source]

    
Fit underlying estimators.

Parameters

    
`X(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Data.

`y(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Multi-class targets. An indicator matrix turns on multilabel classification.

Returns

    
self

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`property multilabel_`

    
Whether this is a multilabel classifier

`partial_fit(X, y, classes=None)` [source]

    
Partially fit underlying estimators

Should be used when memory is inefficient to train all data. Chunks of data
can be passed in several iteration.

Parameters

    
`X(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Data.

`y(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Multi-class targets. An indicator matrix turns on multilabel classification.

`classesarray, shape (n_classes, )`

    
Classes across all calls to partial_fit. Can be obtained via
`np.unique(y_all)`, where y_all is the target vector of the entire dataset.
This argument is only required in the first call of partial_fit and can be
omitted in the subsequent calls.

Returns

    
self

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict multi-class targets using underlying estimators.

Parameters

    
`X(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Data.

Returns

    
`y(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Predicted multi-class targets.

`predict_proba(X)` [source]

    
Probability estimates.

The returned estimates for all classes are ordered by label of classes.

Note that in the multilabel case, each sample can have any number of labels.
This returns the marginal probability that the given sample has the label in
question. For example, it is entirely consistent that two labels both have a
90% probability of applying to a given sample.

In the single label multiclass case, the rows of the returned matrix sum to 1.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

Returns

    
`T(sparse) array-like of shape (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Returns the probability of the sample for each class in the model, where
classes are ordered as they are in `self.classes_`.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.

In multi-label classification, this is the subset accuracy which is a harsh
metric since you require for each sample that each label set be correctly
predicted.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True labels for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
Mean accuracy of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that itâ€™s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.multiclass.OneVsRestClassifier`

![Multilabel
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multilabel classification

![Receiver Operating Characteristic
\(ROC\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)

![Precision-
Recall](data:image/png;base64,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)

Precision-Recall

![Classifier
Chain](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier Chain

Â© 2007â€“2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.multiclass.OneVsRestClassifier.html

