# sklearn.datasets.load_files

`sklearn.datasets.load_files(container_path, *, description=None,
categories=None, load_content=True, shuffle=True, encoding=None,
decode_error='strict', random_state=0)` [source]

    
Load text files with categories as subfolder names.

Individual samples are assumed to be files stored a two levels folder
structure such as the following:

container_folder/

    
category_1_folder/

    
file_1.txt file_2.txt … file_42.txt

category_2_folder/

    
file_43.txt file_44.txt …

The folder names are used as supervised signal label names. The individual
file names are not important.

This function does not try to extract features into a numpy array or scipy
sparse matrix. In addition, if load_content is false it does not try to load
the files in memory.

To use text files in a scikit-learn classification or clustering algorithm,
you will need to use the :mod`~sklearn.feature_extraction.text` module to
build a feature extraction transformer that suits your problem.

If you set load_content=True, you should also specify the encoding of the text
using the ‘encoding’ parameter. For many modern text files, ‘utf-8’ will be
the correct encoding. If you leave encoding equal to None, then the content
will be made of bytes instead of Unicode, and you will not be able to use most
functions in `text`.

Similar feature extractors should be built for other kind of unstructured data
input such as images, audio, video, …

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`container_pathstr or unicode`

    
Path to the main folder holding one subfolder per category

`descriptionstr or unicode, default=None`

    
A paragraph describing the characteristic of the dataset: its source,
reference, etc.

`categorieslist of str, default=None`

    
If None (default), load all the categories. If not None, list of category
names to load (other categories ignored).

`load_contentbool, default=True`

    
Whether to load or not the content of the different files. If true a ‘data’
attribute containing the text information is present in the data structure
returned. If not, a filenames attribute gives the path to the files.

`shufflebool, default=True`

    
Whether or not to shuffle the data: might be important for models that make
the assumption that the samples are independent and identically distributed
(i.i.d.), such as stochastic gradient descent.

`encodingstr, default=None`

    
If None, do not try to decode the content of the files (e.g. for images or
other non-text content). If not None, encoding to use to decode text files to
Unicode if load_content is True.

`decode_error{‘strict’, ‘ignore’, ‘replace’}, default=’strict’`

    
Instruction on what to do if a byte sequence is given to analyze that contains
characters not of the given `encoding`. Passed as keyword argument ‘errors’ to
bytes.decode.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=0`

    
Determines random number generation for dataset shuffling. Pass an int for
reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

Returns

    
`dataBunch`

    
Dictionary-like object, with the following attributes.

`datalist of str`

    
Only present when `load_content=True`. The raw text data to learn.

`targetndarray`

    
The target labels (integer index).

`target_nameslist`

    
The names of target classes.

`DESCRstr`

    
The full description of the dataset.

filenames: ndarray

    
The filenames holding the dataset.

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.load_files.html

