# sklearn.feature_selection.mutual_info_regression

`sklearn.feature_selection.mutual_info_regression(X, y, *,
discrete_features='auto', n_neighbors=3, copy=True, random_state=None)`
[source]

    
Estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable.

Mutual information (MI) [1] between two random variables is a non-negative
value, which measures the dependency between the variables. It is equal to
zero if and only if two random variables are independent, and higher values
mean higher dependency.

The function relies on nonparametric methods based on entropy estimation from
k-nearest neighbors distances as described in [2] and [3]. Both methods are
based on the idea originally proposed in [4].

It can be used for univariate features selection, read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like or sparse matrix, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Feature matrix.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target vector.

`discrete_features{‘auto’, bool, array-like}, default=’auto’`

    
If bool, then determines whether to consider all features discrete or
continuous. If array, then it should be either a boolean mask with shape
(n_features,) or array with indices of discrete features. If ‘auto’, it is
assigned to False for dense `X` and to True for sparse `X`.

`n_neighborsint, default=3`

    
Number of neighbors to use for MI estimation for continuous variables, see [2]
and [3]. Higher values reduce variance of the estimation, but could introduce
a bias.

`copybool, default=True`

    
Whether to make a copy of the given data. If set to False, the initial data
will be overwritten.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Determines random number generation for adding small noise to continuous
variables in order to remove repeated values. Pass an int for reproducible
results across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

Returns

    
`mindarray, shape (n_features,)`

    
Estimated mutual information between each feature and the target.

#### Notes

  1. The term “discrete features” is used instead of naming them “categorical”, because it describes the essence more accurately. For example, pixel intensities of an image are discrete features (but hardly categorical) and you will get better results if mark them as such. Also note, that treating a continuous variable as discrete and vice versa will usually give incorrect results, so be attentive about that.
  2. True mutual information can’t be negative. If its estimate turns out to be negative, it is replaced by zero.

#### References

`1`

    
Mutual Information on Wikipedia.

`2(1,2)`

    
A. Kraskov, H. Stogbauer and P. Grassberger, “Estimating mutual information”.
Phys. Rev. E 69, 2004.

`3(1,2)`

    
B. C. Ross “Mutual Information between Discrete and Continuous Data Sets”.
PLoS ONE 9(2), 2014.

`4`

    
L. F. Kozachenko, N. N. Leonenko, “Sample Estimate of the Entropy of a Random
Vector”, Probl. Peredachi Inf., 23:2 (1987), 9-16

## Examples using `sklearn.feature_selection.mutual_info_regression`

![Comparison of F-test and mutual
information](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of F-test and mutual information

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.feature_selection.mutual_info_regression.html

