# sklearn.impute.IterativeImputer

`class sklearn.impute.IterativeImputer(estimator=None, *, missing_values=nan,
sample_posterior=False, max_iter=10, tol=0.001, n_nearest_features=None,
initial_strategy='mean', imputation_order='ascending', skip_complete=False,
min_value=- inf, max_value=inf, verbose=0, random_state=None,
add_indicator=False)` [source]

    
Multivariate imputer that estimates each feature from all the others.

A strategy for imputing missing values by modeling each feature with missing
values as a function of other features in a round-robin fashion.

Read more in the User Guide.

New in version 0.21.

Note

This estimator is still experimental for now: the predictions and the API
might change without any deprecation cycle. To use it, you need to explicitly
import `enable_iterative_imputer`:

    
    >>> # explicitly require this experimental feature
    >>> from sklearn.experimental import enable_iterative_imputer  # noqa
    >>> # now you can import normally from sklearn.impute
    >>> from sklearn.impute import IterativeImputer
    
Parameters

    
`estimatorestimator object, default=BayesianRidge()`

    
The estimator to use at each step of the round-robin imputation. If
`sample_posterior` is True, the estimator must support `return_std` in its
`predict` method.

`missing_valuesint, np.nan, default=np.nan`

    
The placeholder for the missing values. All occurrences of `missing_values`
will be imputed. For pandas’ dataframes with nullable integer dtypes with
missing values, `missing_values` should be set to `np.nan`, since `pd.NA` will
be converted to `np.nan`.

`sample_posteriorboolean, default=False`

    
Whether to sample from the (Gaussian) predictive posterior of the fitted
estimator for each imputation. Estimator must support `return_std` in its
`predict` method if set to `True`. Set to `True` if using `IterativeImputer`
for multiple imputations.

`max_iterint, default=10`

    
Maximum number of imputation rounds to perform before returning the
imputations computed during the final round. A round is a single imputation of
each feature with missing values. The stopping criterion is met once
`max(abs(X_t - X_{t-1}))/max(abs(X[known_vals]))` < tol, where `X_t` is `X` at
iteration `t. Note that early stopping is only applied if
``sample_posterior=False``.

`tolfloat, default=1e-3`

    
Tolerance of the stopping condition.

`n_nearest_featuresint, default=None`

    
Number of other features to use to estimate the missing values of each feature
column. Nearness between features is measured using the absolute correlation
coefficient between each feature pair (after initial imputation). To ensure
coverage of features throughout the imputation process, the neighbor features
are not necessarily nearest, but are drawn with probability proportional to
correlation for each imputed target feature. Can provide significant speed-up
when the number of features is huge. If `None`, all features will be used.

`initial_strategystr, default=’mean’`

    
Which strategy to use to initialize the missing values. Same as the `strategy`
parameter in `SimpleImputer` Valid values: {“mean”, “median”, “most_frequent”,
or “constant”}.

`imputation_orderstr, default=’ascending’`

    
The order in which the features will be imputed. Possible values:

“ascending”

    
From features with fewest missing values to most.

“descending”

    
From features with most missing values to fewest.

“roman”

    
Left to right.

“arabic”

    
Right to left.

“random”

    
A random order for each round.

`skip_completeboolean, default=False`

    
If `True` then features with missing values during `transform` which did not
have any missing values during `fit` will be imputed with the initial
imputation method only. Set to `True` if you have many features with no
missing values at both `fit` and `transform` time to save compute.

`min_valuefloat or array-like of shape (n_features,), default=-np.inf`

    
Minimum possible imputed value. Broadcast to shape (n_features,) if scalar. If
array-like, expects shape (n_features,), one min value for each feature. The
default is `-np.inf`.

Changed in version 0.23: Added support for array-like.

`max_valuefloat or array-like of shape (n_features,), default=np.inf`

    
Maximum possible imputed value. Broadcast to shape (n_features,) if scalar. If
array-like, expects shape (n_features,), one max value for each feature. The
default is `np.inf`.

Changed in version 0.23: Added support for array-like.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Verbosity flag, controls the debug messages that are issued as functions are
evaluated. The higher, the more verbose. Can be 0, 1, or 2.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
The seed of the pseudo random number generator to use. Randomizes selection of
estimator features if n_nearest_features is not None, the `imputation_order`
if `random`, and the sampling from posterior if `sample_posterior` is True.
Use an integer for determinism. See the Glossary.

`add_indicatorboolean, default=False`

    
If True, a `MissingIndicator` transform will stack onto output of the
imputer’s transform. This allows a predictive estimator to account for
missingness despite imputation. If a feature has no missing values at
fit/train time, the feature won’t appear on the missing indicator even if
there are missing values at transform/test time.

Attributes

    
`initial_imputer_object of type SimpleImputer`

    
Imputer used to initialize the missing values.

`imputation_sequence_list of tuples`

    
Each tuple has `(feat_idx, neighbor_feat_idx, estimator)`, where `feat_idx` is
the current feature to be imputed, `neighbor_feat_idx` is the array of other
features used to impute the current feature, and `estimator` is the trained
estimator used for the imputation. Length is `self.n_features_with_missing_ *
self.n_iter_`.

`n_iter_int`

    
Number of iteration rounds that occurred. Will be less than `self.max_iter` if
early stopping criterion was reached.

`n_features_with_missing_int`

    
Number of features with missing values.

`indicator_MissingIndicator`

    
Indicator used to add binary indicators for missing values. `None` if
add_indicator is False.

`random_state_RandomState instance`

    
RandomState instance that is generated either from a seed, the random number
generator or by `np.random`.

See also

`SimpleImputer`

    
Univariate imputation of missing values.

#### Notes

To support imputation in inductive mode we store each feature’s estimator
during the `fit` phase, and predict without refitting (in order) during the
`transform` phase.

Features which contain all missing values at `fit` are discarded upon
`transform`.

#### References

`1`

    
Stef van Buuren, Karin Groothuis-Oudshoorn (2011). “mice: Multivariate
Imputation by Chained Equations in R”. Journal of Statistical Software 45:
1-67.

`2`

    
S. F. Buck, (1960). “A Method of Estimation of Missing Values in Multivariate
Data Suitable for use with an Electronic Computer”. Journal of the Royal
Statistical Society 22(2): 302-306.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.experimental import enable_iterative_imputer
    >>> from sklearn.impute import IterativeImputer
    >>> imp_mean = IterativeImputer(random_state=0)
    >>> imp_mean.fit([[7, 2, 3], [4, np.nan, 6], [10, 5, 9]])
    IterativeImputer(random_state=0)
    >>> X = [[np.nan, 2, 3], [4, np.nan, 6], [10, np.nan, 9]]
    >>> imp_mean.transform(X)
    array([[ 6.9584...,  2.       ,  3.        ],
           [ 4.       ,  2.6000...,  6.        ],
           [10.       ,  4.9999...,  9.        ]])
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y]) | Fits the imputer on X and return self.  
---|---  
`fit_transform`(X[, y]) | Fits the imputer on X and return the transformed X.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`transform`(X) | Imputes all missing values in X.  
`fit(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fits the imputer on X and return self.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input data, where “n_samples” is the number of samples and “n_features” is the
number of features.

`yignored`

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Returns self.

`fit_transform(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fits the imputer on X and return the transformed X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input data, where “n_samples” is the number of samples and “n_features” is the
number of features.

`yignored.`

Returns

    
`Xtarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The imputed input data.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`transform(X)` [source]

    
Imputes all missing values in X.

Note that this is stochastic, and that if random_state is not fixed, repeated
calls, or permuted input, will yield different results.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input data to complete.

Returns

    
`Xtarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The imputed input data.

## Examples using `sklearn.impute.IterativeImputer`

![Imputing missing values with variants of
IterativeImputer](data:image/png;base64,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)

Imputing missing values with variants of IterativeImputer

![Imputing missing values before building an
estimator](data:image/png;base64,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)

Imputing missing values before building an estimator

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.impute.IterativeImputer.html

