# sklearn.cluster.AgglomerativeClustering

`class sklearn.cluster.AgglomerativeClustering(n_clusters=2, *,
affinity='euclidean', memory=None, connectivity=None,
compute_full_tree='auto', linkage='ward', distance_threshold=None,
compute_distances=False)` [source]

    
Agglomerative Clustering

Recursively merges the pair of clusters that minimally increases a given
linkage distance.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_clustersint or None, default=2`

    
The number of clusters to find. It must be `None` if `distance_threshold` is
not `None`.

`affinitystr or callable, default=’euclidean’`

    
Metric used to compute the linkage. Can be “euclidean”, “l1”, “l2”,
“manhattan”, “cosine”, or “precomputed”. If linkage is “ward”, only
“euclidean” is accepted. If “precomputed”, a distance matrix (instead of a
similarity matrix) is needed as input for the fit method.

`memorystr or object with the joblib.Memory interface, default=None`

    
Used to cache the output of the computation of the tree. By default, no
caching is done. If a string is given, it is the path to the caching
directory.

`connectivityarray-like or callable, default=None`

    
Connectivity matrix. Defines for each sample the neighboring samples following
a given structure of the data. This can be a connectivity matrix itself or a
callable that transforms the data into a connectivity matrix, such as derived
from kneighbors_graph. Default is `None`, i.e, the hierarchical clustering
algorithm is unstructured.

`compute_full_tree‘auto’ or bool, default=’auto’`

    
Stop early the construction of the tree at `n_clusters`. This is useful to
decrease computation time if the number of clusters is not small compared to
the number of samples. This option is useful only when specifying a
connectivity matrix. Note also that when varying the number of clusters and
using caching, it may be advantageous to compute the full tree. It must be
`True` if `distance_threshold` is not `None`. By default `compute_full_tree`
is “auto”, which is equivalent to `True` when `distance_threshold` is not
`None` or that `n_clusters` is inferior to the maximum between 100 or `0.02 *
n_samples`. Otherwise, “auto” is equivalent to `False`.

`linkage{‘ward’, ‘complete’, ‘average’, ‘single’}, default=’ward’`

    
Which linkage criterion to use. The linkage criterion determines which
distance to use between sets of observation. The algorithm will merge the
pairs of cluster that minimize this criterion.

  * ‘ward’ minimizes the variance of the clusters being merged.
  * ‘average’ uses the average of the distances of each observation of the two sets.
  * ‘complete’ or ‘maximum’ linkage uses the maximum distances between all observations of the two sets.
  * ‘single’ uses the minimum of the distances between all observations of the two sets.

New in version 0.20: Added the ‘single’ option

`distance_thresholdfloat, default=None`

    
The linkage distance threshold above which, clusters will not be merged. If
not `None`, `n_clusters` must be `None` and `compute_full_tree` must be
`True`.

New in version 0.21.

`compute_distancesbool, default=False`

    
Computes distances between clusters even if `distance_threshold` is not used.
This can be used to make dendrogram visualization, but introduces a
computational and memory overhead.

New in version 0.24.

Attributes

    
`n_clusters_int`

    
The number of clusters found by the algorithm. If `distance_threshold=None`,
it will be equal to the given `n_clusters`.

`labels_ndarray of shape (n_samples)`

    
cluster labels for each point

`n_leaves_int`

    
Number of leaves in the hierarchical tree.

`n_connected_components_int`

    
The estimated number of connected components in the graph.

New in version 0.21: `n_connected_components_` was added to replace
`n_components_`.

`children_array-like of shape (n_samples-1, 2)`

    
The children of each non-leaf node. Values less than `n_samples` correspond to
leaves of the tree which are the original samples. A node `i` greater than or
equal to `n_samples` is a non-leaf node and has children `children_[i -
n_samples]`. Alternatively at the i-th iteration, children[i][0] and
children[i][1] are merged to form node `n_samples + i`

`distances_array-like of shape (n_nodes-1,)`

    
Distances between nodes in the corresponding place in `children_`. Only
computed if `distance_threshold` is used or `compute_distances` is set to
`True`.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.cluster import AgglomerativeClustering
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> X = np.array([[1, 2], [1, 4], [1, 0],
    ...               [4, 2], [4, 4], [4, 0]])
    >>> clustering = AgglomerativeClustering().fit(X)
    >>> clustering
    AgglomerativeClustering()
    >>> clustering.labels_
    array([1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0])
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y]) | Fit the hierarchical clustering from features, or distance matrix.  
---|---  
`fit_predict`(X[, y]) | Fit the hierarchical clustering from features or distance matrix, and return cluster labels.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`fit(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fit the hierarchical clustering from features, or distance matrix.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features) or (n_samples, n_samples)`

    
Training instances to cluster, or distances between instances if
`affinity='precomputed'`.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present here for API consistency by convention.

Returns

    
self

`fit_predict(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fit the hierarchical clustering from features or distance matrix, and return
cluster labels.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features) or (n_samples, n_samples)`

    
Training instances to cluster, or distances between instances if
`affinity='precomputed'`.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present here for API consistency by convention.

Returns

    
`labelsndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Cluster labels.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.cluster.AgglomerativeClustering`

![Plot Hierarchical Clustering
Dendrogram](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot Hierarchical Clustering Dendrogram

![Agglomerative clustering with and without
structure](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAIAAAD9PjcuAACR4UlEQVR42uydB1wUx9vHh45YoqZYEhNbmiUxMZaY/JPYYuy9RLG3GEsSRWNFVFCKYgVBsKB06YoKNpr0XgWu0HuH62XfZ28pV/bQKKjJO79M/Cx3e3u7zz3zneeZmZ1FBBYWFta/RAibAAsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLCwMLCwsLAwsLCwsLAwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwsDCwsLCwMLCwsLCwML64Xk6Ojo5ub2zN3EYnFaWppIJHrhL8rJybly5cqFCxdCQ0NbX4yNjYVXnjx58hotIJVKMzIyuFwubBcUFPz222+q+wgEgj/++CM/P7+hoeHp06f/6PhgNA8PDxuZHBwcGhsblXY4evRoWFgYdkUMLKxn6/DhwydPnnzmbnV1ddOmTauoqIDq/WJfdPv2bWtr60uXLk2ePPnixYvwyr179yZOnGhraztlyhRfX9/XZQE+nz9v3jzAEFwa8OjBgwe0vH78+DGwBsiyfPlyqUzPefz6+vphw4adOHHCyckJ2gYej6e0w8qVK/38/LArYmD9f1RAQMCuXbt27949Z84c2FbdoaioaPv27UuWLIGQgcPhmJqanj17FqKAHTt2VFdXww5QqS5fviyRSE6fPg27/frrr/fv3/f29n733XcXLFhw5swZ2MfZ2XnZsmVLly69desW/Hnz5k340q1bt547dw7qf5Wi4FvkTwC+bs2aNbAxf/58+CDFshkzZtBejvzZQs2Ho/3111+LFi3atm1baWkp7GBkZGRubg51fu3atWVlZbSvMJnMLVu2LFy4cO/evXAQeAWiPENDQzgsoPPRo0d9+/adNWvWkSNHSkpKwHQQbcH+8NVUzPX7778Dqg4ePJiXlwdWGjBgwIoVK/z9/eGUysvLYZ/c3Fw4H7Ah8E7+wsGeQDr4xgkTJgDrqSvKzs4GQ8G3//3337APvALnCRYAKx06dAhOCd6Ki4ujgA5ftHjxYohMsWNjYP03BUnHyJEjGQxGeHj4999/D1VIKT2BKnHq1CmoaVlZWQCXY8eOAUGEQuGkSZMoBEDABRSDI3z33XdQgaFSFRcXQ3374YcfoLJB1QV+QfVms9lwBPgUVGzg1NixY+EjUDkjIyOhyq1qEWy3ppwQR0DlHD9+PKRgUJP/97//JScnU3V43LhxVFLWztlCbAJcAOjAnyYmJuvWrYN94CQPHDgAYNq5c6exsTG8AnRofQXiR/giCKDc3d0rKyv3798P1wtvwTmEhITAcSCwgnOG4DE6Oho2IG/96aef4CDAFDs7O9iAjBXABBvTp08H8MG1A2fBJtTJgLXhLTgmfBFsWFlZtV47EHP9+vWQRcKeX375JbwCsAM+1tbWxsTEAIxgB0gGKWAFBwfDkYHawDiwOVg7MzMTQtH09PTCwkKwNpwt9m0MrP+g7O3tIUagajvUPfB++XehJnz77bfyFIM6QwELKi0VL8CfACzABxBh9erVEGfBp5qamqZOnUqFYICDb775ZoNMX3zxRWxsrI2NDRCkNcOqVBR8lnoL6t6TJ09+++03OD5EcM8EltLZwkcAT7AzbAMuAaDwkdmzZ1MHgSAFaj5szJw5s/WVjRs3Ap4GDx4MMR3gY+7cufAKBEcQucj3T8HrgCoqVoLLhA04TwhRwSxwfGAZJIDwJ3wpvA4hZ2sHHMALTg8+Qn0ckCd/4cA1KuwaM2YMhKgQN8Fud+/eBQBBnAgsBmZRwAoMDIRfCiJHMI6joyMwDvLHTz/9FM4WjAzGuXr1KvZtDKz/JrAgjqDAMXHiRCVg1dXVAQKg2VcCFoQhECtRCRR8nGr5QSwWC/IUqKIQWEGDT3UYHz9+HAIQgFdNTQ0cEOok5IlmZmbUR6BKL1++3LBFsO3q6ip/DpCOAXeeJyVUOlugBpwk1UOfmJgIOAagAGtSUlKoXJiKuQAxra9AbYeTBF5ATAcbEN1A5vXgwQMIl+T7sKiAUR5YFKogNQZOwQXCnxSwIG5tBRYAFLb37dtHgRJkYWHReu3ARHgdTh6+Ea6COj4Iwr07d+7ABpgFmEUBqzV5h0ASrgJCRaAqXBpQjzIynCT2bQys/6Ag2Nm1axdVD6GeQDantAOkLVBnLl26BKETNP6Qy8Ar8PrmzZs3bdoEzTsETSdOnCgoKIBMB9p5SGQAT1BpoQIDyAA3eXl5v/zyi7m5+bVr1ywtLaE6QdZG5UStZFES1G0gqa2tLeRQP//88/nz56k+GoAO1enu4+MDr/j6+sofR+ls4YvgfCAShENBGAUfhB3gaAAv6rNU3ATEaX0F8AEbEP0BQeBs4SAAC4hfli5d+ueff8JxqN46CCQhLIXzAWBB3Ed9NZykvr4+NT4AxoQvypUJEm04Hyqk8vLygn2CgoLUXTiF3VGjRrWOLQKMAHNgB/giCKngFThJQDacMwSe169fhz8BfNA2wLsHDx6ES4Y/qa/DwsD6rykzMxNSFUI2sHXr1i3alvnhw4cXLlyANhz2gXqSmppKpTOQd0DmEhMTAykVJEp+fn6AP09PTypZYzKZ8CnIaGAbkkeo/1DhQ0JCoMKnpaVRjGhHsAPUUqCM/CQG+C75aQ0Q3FlbW6s7WwhzqAANUAIvUu8CZaiua8Ao1dGj+goIoiq4FghqqH46yFLd3NzgZCDdgz8B63Z2dnDtQHDIzloTUgATdSgwFBwW0APbYWFhcALp6emwDRgaP368ajIrL8qS1Gcp9sFpAIbAINRsBjhJaB7A/u7u7nClcALwdfA6MAtOEohJQRb7NgbWf1+FhYVAlusyAY+ioqLe5LMFOEIS9G+xbWRkJARBVLSIhYGF1QFisVg2LYLW+/Hjx9gmHSWI8lxcXF5mMi0WBhYWFhbWawUWNGK+vr7Z2dm5ubnyr6enp+OQ4Y21Un19vbe3t/wrPB4vJibmTbYhmC4kJCQhIUGpW8rHx+eV5arwe73hmfsr8LRnugqcQG1t7RsKLIFAsGvXrsTExKdPnzKZzHv37nl6etbU1Ny9e9fW1hY2wsPDKyoq/P39Hzx4IBQKxWJxQEDA7du3qd7c+Ph4Z2dnBoOheuTS0lI/Pz+wMnwEvATMBN8Fn4I/79y5c/PmTXDc/Px82L5//z4cAcwUEREhlUqbmprgXXg9KSmJkPWburq6UtMCXpc6z0p8Ph8+BfSBq2az2devX6f69UNDQ+HjYJmMjAwPD4+GhoaioqKgoCB3d3c4DtTwnTt3th45Ly8Pzm3q1KnwETjV4OBg+Ejn+dyLCX7Hs2fPwk8MVwrbt27dgvOEnxsMW1BQABcCl5+amurl5ZWZmUnI5sHDxcIlg5OASf1kUu0gB1PAp6qrq8FW8C4cB14Bk8Kf8CtQDgZfVFhYCEczMzMDC7/JwOo8TyspKYFDgSnAl8C7wD3ARFDpqCEdys3gmGC9v//+G3aGGgf1rsNn1XYAsA4ePHjjxg1wFAcHBzAWVJ5Tp07BJe3evdvc3ByuB87+4sWLW7Zs8ZLJ0tISfvuVK1fCW0ZGRuBSv/32W3l5Obxo2yLwD6hFFy5c2LhxY2BgoJ2dHZALsGVtbe3k5HTu3Dn4RjgO2Gj16tXgoNCAnD9/HrZhH3Drq1evnjlzBgwHFjxy5Ag49x9//PEa58t0kpWKi4vhqm1sbOCqwVxbt24FH/rzzz9TUlIWL14MTrlt2zYrKyuwBhgQzLh8+fKHDx9u374dPPLw4cMQrVBHht2io6MNDQ2hZb527drJkyfhWw4cOCCRSN6cqgg1DS4ZzgpastmzZ8Pl7N+/Hy4BLuT06dPwc0MVguoBJw+XCaABO0Dt2rx5M1QzsNKVK1fg4+BR8FarAeFXgD+NjY1hY8aMGWFhYWB2MDL8EL///jv8ChC+rVq1CrwLjgZ1HrzoDZ8m2nmeBlYC68E+YP99+/YBoWbNmgUWA+fJyckBc4HxwevAkaDGASvhq+E3gjoIPvnGAQtQCj8tND7QHHE4HHgFruSrr76CugT7XLp0yd7eHjgCpjlx4gT8/MAOMB+wfMWKFfDuoUOHgFAuLi6wzzmZIByAz4JzgInhT3jXxMTE1NQU2g2olrANtgMvBJtSUx/hsG5ubnAcqG979uyh7uQ4fvw4fCM4GXwFGLH9Ee5X4EadYSVqmighW3GBmuQFRgNTgOdB4wm1FJwGvA0uHxpSauISHBMqPxgTDkUdGXwRolGwG7wL5tq7dy/4KJwGNYT/RgELfnq4HGAuvAK/PlwdnO2PP/4INQTiI7AABAtr1qyBWkeFkGAKaNUAOhYWFgA1R0dHFotFWQ/MCO9CjAYQhIOAO0HrCOgHFwK+g4PBrwBNHfxqYAdqoQj4+f4VwOpwT4M/gVDUJGSqtUtLS4PdCNkt+mAlahtaCzDgsWPHIGecOXMmmPHo0aO0t6y/TmBBQwfXBiAHA8GpQ0MHBoLGDX5yOGPwCdgAS4FPgHUAw/AuvLJ27VpwMgAwfBY+BceB5j21RRD2w8WD7aD+QPsAXwQeA24HG7AzWAQOC7AHX4TGhLIaRF7gcHA08GP4JcCz4cSgHoI7ws4QWbzwYgYd4kadYSXwRfgg4AaCCHAp+Cw44o4dO+AjYDeowFA/oQJD8AXAggABGsDLly8DmGBnMAt4HnVk2AfShHXr1oFvgYvDznBYSL7eqKoIVQ4MAhcLwKLuZ4YKBmcOZwvRN1wItO0QB4EpqPn04CQAF4AXVN2bN2+CS8BFgdGgMWs1INXRAxUSokuI06FKNzY2wq8A8IIgAho8oDyVA4I7wetwNMDZGw6szvA0MAvUIDDjhg0b4uLi4FeAF8GF4BvBUBBGgFMBJRcsWEC9C3ErhBpQf6EyUneqvynAAgqA91dVVUF6DP+CdaA5glOsq6ujukLhYiC0oe7VgjgTtqHZB5tCiwfvQqILybNSB2Fr315sbCx8irqZHo5ZUFBAvQXHBJC3fim8Ank1QB0sXi0TNMXgu5SrQXWFr2j97GtR51kJBG1dfHy8UCgEysNu1AR6uGr4UjAdfBc4H7wI9RYqLVgJaizkenA+Skdms9lwHKp7OzIykprG+eYIfmKwDBgNrhTqA1wdZUl4BS4HzAjXCOcMNoQLgZABIgJIFdevXw9pI9XrDEQD+6seGQ4C1oCDUPdCgrmoH4KyHuVgVE8z7EB7hDdHnedpUIPgLcra8C98kCIRfB18BbwFgQVQr0gm6pYp+BaIKjp2Yu2rntYAlQpaRV9fX2otkfZN/2JfAcCC5gWSBfC8f+moIlROaOWex0rPL3Cj/1c3kUCtg+ZddQHCNyrPfcVS7ZRsvz4+v60glYHYjbqzvVPVicCCJg6owWKxqLscALfPP/AE4SWEmhB+t2ILgnwIQSHOh4PAMSERgMhTaQwCQlZ469/oSUq2gkjn+XvcntNW4eHh/0lbdZRfQUgCEfqhQ4fgTyrUwrZqx1YQwm/evJm61/VV2qoTgQVJLMSf58+fnzNnzv379+/cuQMxNmTI9vb21Nps1I2jED0Cm+HKW295A1tAQgfs3717d1ZWFtUywDa0mX5+flevXnV2doZ0D9IWcC/4AeBo8C0Q30LQfu7cuX+jY2FbvQm2gqoIVRoss2vXLojT7ezssK1obQWfpRJnIyMjQjY15JX5VWcBCwKEHTt2wEVCwHnixAkOh3P48GEwzcqVK6Oioo4ePQqWgnAdNuD6IYWGWAneopZngteppYEhK6ZaBjja9u3bqVt5wavgN4BseePGjXDw4ODgrVu3gu0gVQbwg6v9627IwLZ6E2wFR7OxsQG+Q2SxaNEiSMm3bduGbUVrK2rdDjabvXfvXkI2DvbK/KqzgAWXTY09QyWh7kGFxAQi7Z07d8KVA+Op6bAQc0I7BrElRAGOjo5UHgREpwwBQQE1+RNyaeA97B8aGnrhwgVoCsCI0FaAS8HPcO/ePSA9NCDw8b/++otaOeBfJGyrN8FWUDNhNwg0zMzMIJSAuodtpc5WFMvy8/Phs4RsROKV2aqzgAV5L2AYLonBYGzatAku0tramuojaGxshEQXqA9RN+xTUFAAjIfGrfVhB2AasAgYFwJauHKwZklJycOHD6ER+Pvvv+GYcDSwJnzKyckJeA+fhbegWkI0AS3Jvy5ux7Z6E2wFB4E8CFIb2AGqa0pKCraVOlvBAeGDcJzp06cDDVNTU1+ZrTqxDysiIoJa+w2ujVppG6wAjTzYkc/nQw5M3UZDEbqoqEh+dWCIPIuLi6lBCmrlTEK2ClLrPhB5UnfbgDXBlNTkSQjmqdbgXydsqzfBVtT8D2rtVmyr9m0F9oH9wa/gyK/SVp07rUHpOQudrVf8ddhW2FbYVq/46/DyMlhYWP8aYWBhYWFhYGFhYWFhYGFhYWFgYWFhYWFgYWFhYWFgYWFhYWBhYWFhYWBhYWFhYWBhYWFhYGFhYWFhYGFhYWFhYGFhYWFgYWFhYWFgYWFhYWFgYWFhYWBhYWFhYWBhYWFhYWBhYWFhYGFhYWFhYGFhYWG9scBqkDQ0SZvwz/BcthJKmkQSbIfnslVDA/X0Kqxn24onaeL/a/zqdQLrXP25QQWDPi/83LPJE/vNM2yVUTXILetzz2xPVh22xjNsde7coEGDPv/8c09P7FfPslVw3aA/8j43yveMacTAIqqZtbxavtKLobzQaaXTxpaM1WRrIhaCMrBwYK2kFt6K5kdb1VmF88KpPR9wH5ytP5stzP7/4Do1zHperUDZVqVN0+6wx/ozNC+noUupyC5loPvTWgH5bMvoco5VckV4aXMc8SCde/ZuXXap8P+DrZhMbm2tSNlWoaHTpk0bO3aspqYmkmngwIG1tTK/io62srIKD2/xqwcPzp49m539/8KvmOXCWo5yABWaxZ12omTs4SLNVUz0KwMtZQz8K5/aLZrBswqoDc/mvZl+1fHAkkqkjWWceIc0l7n+R7ufO/PZ1ZLE8rb4k2gYUjIEsUlOkf/KNgYXDhZKhVnCrLfy30JM1D2vOwRfZrVmumxd+HNI4RB46z/pTGCrpjJuokOWx9wg8+5XbD7zKE2sksuXpUM9s9HFFGSfihzTyHIpdbBHtlAizarlv+WUgWxTujtlnIuuMfOr1V3NRItyh+zMzyr+bzJLIiHKygQODqVz56Z37x7+2WexiYltQQEkgB9//DFS1ODBg4VCYVZW1ltvvQV/du/eHYIvMzMzXV1d+HPIkCHw1n/TVlKirE7s8Lhh7unS7utZn+0uSGS3xQ2QAH5slI8WM0hUGTLRSiZazhi8q0AolmaVCN/ayAZH6r6RBcGXWcAb51cdBiyxQFKWXpkdyLo0wc3yffv9yGofsjqITu1B5n4bg5kP8r3X3gs5HG273Omtx701ILYqbAEWG3XL62ZSa7K2cq08xeS3+xX28yx04EfGSDic/4A/ga3K06tzAvOvTvA7/b6zCbp4GF08iuwPogu3N4axHhQFrH183zJ5jg8DXU1vRhVVHNK6XcswSShfG1rUTLEracjoKVrS5nn9tuWBp8Yw+ByB9D9gK4FAkp7eFBhYNWFC0vvvRyH0WFZCEHq0cWPugwd3165de/ToUYitkIq6detmYmICOyA16tevn6eDAz/mP+JXAokkvb4yMLN2wuHi93fkkTxaxkArSOJsvFwBsdJa+4qjvjXTLErQCgbpLa3FkNltA9vEp2btpXLyU7JXyI1f3zi/Qh1UA8Wu8/wPG5wx1joNnDqATh5C1lQBZp145+IR/XN7kSWUfcjSqOcxw++39Ap9R55ZCoRSLUVomD9K09FlT5kq+Zd3poKtPOcFmRk4mmo5AKqOILtj6BJVgFmn3rl+Qv+yMbI9hC5u73V13K/B6Ioys0hUXWqJua6moT3ZaLmc8y0nHU53FXOqecm/qDNVHa3mzUs3MAjT0gpr4VRoS4l45x1/ff0e6OU0DKE0XV321H+9XwkI0byIOwbetlpOV9GmJPQrS55H7/zO1l/HgtSPLL8q0qplH/L15XRvvUl+1QHA4jcIQsyiAVJQAE+tqJJnlvzrh9EZU2T785p5qFw9odiKLCtHky6iDIRS4a/p02tdXMh8SiSqvnSpaPv2ppCQf41XNQjDzRIBUkeQPeCpFVXyzGp9/QSyM9Zx7H0iTjnOUio7s8lWlPKqFczmbZn/TbcscYkk8yaRmLj0qH771cqQLN6/xVYNDWIzs3wZpOQ51VrCEfJH6GWBNQn9F/yqgSs1e5KLPM4jjwvI+yyyuI2W5yngZgWzOVZ6sfLG+NXLAgtyPbuxLhBVqXKqnQLM2jpw/1shvVH+s4HVt/T9JTcH3evf7FgpslLj7Fzr6pqMEJSMt9/m/xs6UCHXcxzrA1GVKqdoy3Fkf0jXsRcFLAc6VEE+aJ6JVjJaG0lIBAbtzG/j1zKyOXV+0uAa2UimjYty3/6N/a/omH/woGbs2ARZVBWqpkQidB4h7RdG1bvvvz9/0KB76F/vV5DrjT1YjDYlI1c75HMO+ZxFxg+VgaWuGD7XPm+OX70UsKoZdWa9bCDR+0e0ospRdH7V4t+0CrWeCax+5QOMjwzJknlVaotvZX7wQe7YsSktrzQGB8P5cAlusbT4zfSqGka9Za9rh5+bVqbI/mDXy2MMH1ApYc/rGdpX0mmAdTIDrWprBgf8kT9kl5xjkZE884MdeWNNipr7IwyZwWlc0lZSbrHoDbUVg8Ht1SuiXVpBeYKQM0LvqJKoZ8+e2trtgUwHoRkI3RkwIG/IkIzn8Ssxt5j3ptqqXNhrM5tM9Faw0O5IdO4mOhqMVuc+J616bmZrr3l2ePV8fiXrB5RypZ3pVy8FrNwAxoEXotV+MiI77XTFTa9Uj6brSqk/Kw9pP0U3vkLyzKLci9pI19UjYlKzCeZYwdievJ5bhVsFhOBNc6zsgLznpxWVD679zAM5ZVCDg0YxJV2vZZC9V/Kh1uU0ZJah0CXRGrqrief11rJTWQRTkj22eGzPvJ5bq7YKpG+crQICqp5FK6rEIkTT125kZNS1a1d1tFqFkJssgMqScyF6v9LTI+JTs3nMsY/H9gzouTV5q0Dy5tkqkUPGO80/NJvEFvz7PLSS9VgZuVV33cAij2Co6DDLGP/Qr1iJBRJC+pRfNJbH6ims3Ep0jl+9OLB4HLGl4eNN6Mwz8UR1YB1AJ/eRne5W8O+5EdceHY4S8IUW9ebDioZ1yevSiqee+T1nlc0aXTxaAWEl6O/VKIfOvdLJorHu/hcfSYciHqJKlCTqzepo5wgDDB8+D7CoDqwjyO4wsjVGdpN+8h/nlHk4sZwrklikVAy7md2lNT10SOt5I3PW9cLRB4ponIm+RWVpGLK/iNg4tPSj5iaBhaL4b5atOByJoWHWcwArHKEbCPWTh9GIESNMTEy4XK6FhcWwYcO6dOkiH3bNmDVr0+jRaQg9RSiNzpfkSxrlV2e/+OjxUOSFkA9C3iiq+g2zlUBqeLG8DVjtd0JRHecUiZYxRvxdYOJTwxVILW7XDttd0GUdq5lZK8iwa9ap0tGHntuvVjI1VjE/n1wR4LyWqESiPMRjIAkv6k0BVkO98IRR4twx9wYi18+Q88/IsR1aGWuePvG2LdDq9MdXvFfdtRvrcmvbQ04Vt83oUs6O6h2IiaAAvHKEOfDiI94jhSCrCI1xRQl6Cn6WJmsksxE6OxNp1CMkaKaVHk8vTZr2hrhUfb1k177qyd8y12p6mtH1siukgZoOJ992Alpd+Njdf9XjK2N9gzeHc2raZtBwRJIdUSXINhnKMK+cnDryrUcZ3ObR6/b7IwwhcShDRx0RQ7PVsHpsvTTBm2KrmhqJkRFzzJiE54itwjQ1H7399hQg0ccff7xq1aqxY8du27atqqpKDnycHTt2NA8FDhuWk0P6Fe/RoxQ1gZVSKwj+eGE00vBEyFdWfJCen15a/RvjV1yJkWvVmEOFz0MTzVXMt7dA8MX42KhglV352MNF25wqqxrF8uDbcaMSLcyFMuzvghxZb9Tz+tVqJoKkcjITabMnfOu8c8vBpPsDRflaUkHqawZWWnz1HysiTP9K2Lchui9yGoCchyDXwbKyGtkeVjM+aNr9Ql54UWFUSVOF2qkuDZKGY7XHID1JF6Q3jzxK+ZurNr+b/y45G14GrN5xKORtlCFHqyRttMkYjQ1C+rVttNLh6ZwRnZESr3kKUnwif8Wqsr/2VG3YUoFQLtJizdG6bS43g4E2trLofrUgvLQoqpxTwVVrK6H4WFL51ifF6S0g4wulm69Uvvsbm5y1rK5JXJGP1mWg4xdRap/WgQ4dts6Z+tdvK4E4vpq7giPevntPrGxA8HmSwZDu3Z+Eh+dFRT2pqKhQP87YcOzYsa1bt6anN/uVlM8v2rw54913UzU11dEqE1JNPXRmPHrvKkIBzcDS8dU5w3gD/IrFX2FT9pdL1YbLFWhxLv0EhZZomiyyfK37RlZ4Ni8ql1fRIFZrK57kmF/N1quV6UWCf+BXwLKvmehDJurGRPrArAKEyj/+/H5lwVWic2z1vMDiccXTRwT2QU4foBuDkAugqrV8hNy+RNf3odPGirSCqOpvZGE14BK35gWHPKvF1dZ11vqQMGaj1TvJdq+1eYSo/tQchAhZaaEVFV6lS9Jfr1dxedIRowtJTmkykB4TdYHCnq0VeBLZmqoJsiCqOoRszgxw4dXwX9BWjWLru3VdoK2jJtpQkwapaTXL89Ffd1HUZySq5IZl9fL0WluI1yWplFveOKKwHpXz0NxFBxCKex5aIfRowIBoiMheMEOvrq60tk7r0iW5xaNa/Qpo5fMB+uS0bMqEv1x45a+XXv+6/UogHbGvEC3KbQ581GZ/bPRrocYqhtbqbLQsD7g24I+8miZJx/sVxFY/MZGurOhTfs4Eh9fqnh+f9Lo73aMelX2sA8GUAqqgDEKunyPnZehi89ifwTnIAWWxlfX54U7Xpnk9vc18yVNMFWU+vmuVM34cY/Ro1vTpTwcPTib7XvQWu/cmacVTKPo8/Xvie6/XsR6FcnW6yv2EZGH11EtfpuVnpOFk2tqtbnAZckBq2274TedpgTm381/yqzOLBVa3a8cZF40+VDTdqmTwrnzwV70VFb0DV6Ji5cEN/Tz9e5zXbCu+6FFRvU5RParkIwfn7/v080MoQjYCGC4PKQODcE3N5u3hw+OmTUu5fbvqJb+al5lZYWWVO25crrxfaeot39sb3UPIr4VWMmDp++nfK3vdfpXJ1Vn1rATt1/yh+0IOP5ljxxhpk/317AsPph4vv53E6RS/2sjqPRYCdXk/J4Gl3511L5jzOoEllRIrJz+E2EqJVoNltNqELhyh8kENa4cJ7gdl5ILYKsw89p+eTR6Rbkvs8CTMeYTKveN8AcTzZAbBYFRbWd/xMurP7Yv4ysCCMoI/giN9bXdagK0mzyhBGgyFX1EWZHXVf7pZ0/04FWRpXLo6wf+YbBtiqyfmyf/4m5rSidwdRIE5IW5USbKkfJGUGvO2Dmwwigjqm9+fdkbuiKIRHMlrvCtFWsmZDOEVAKugRjMkbkBaXq/9R34d8JGHQdd7rczS0AidMCGpBV6PzM0LOtCvpAI5vzppfcfRqH9g3zZUtRZvNOLhCI7otfrViZJn968vKzoUZBdPoCcECiNQIWEmlXaOX92rNTpf1fejPDK8UnJ1LcaI0QUcjuS1AQu0/KcHVKeVErCGoxt/oLMHkdVudOLyj56lKRWW/e1h27TnhcKokn90Ko1E7WZi2A8E+pFAl4k97e88hZhJSyuqLBAsSJWmvi7f+mlaMZkMKgOL1V0/c4eGsymyPYguOP14qyyl6kx/Z9i26Hm1KKr8n32HqJaIG0Y8RGRhPsNWM6unqL3tiYUWlC9IFbw2W1U2/UQBq7BOI7dMr4yDKngos6D7/cihn35+VRZqPfrxx+SUlMb+/aMQetizZ0RUVH0n+lX8TGATDbBkzFoQvSC1/vX5lVlxe8CCZG1h7vdHy6sFmdHSfg8kKFzSs4GIehG/eoSIx4hg7X6GX80pRUjVz2VFm7FgaWlquuA1AEsslvo4saaNvD1IQzkfhDIQuY7Xd7ab5O257HZFBhmlV2RWx9ilFCco10BRUZEgIYETGMhPTKS6P2G74cjx6vSwYoJMG8sI9jyi6y8EmkygA8TP7Z/VPME8dbSiSm9+bwuRhZgQv0qXEosJJ+eGkV8VaOjS/Yr6rAFvpV2aHOSz7H5FRg1ZXTNr4+0yShMqlY5TxOUl1NQGFpcm1tSJyUUd+ER1IJF/nKgLI7iyFJvHJiK6EqEyx0p9lq3K55GDXurvfOqd39ui7lXbSjbZw6mscWRRvUaRjFnFDYjaKG1CVUL0OObTxUsili7Nysgg45rMTI6dXXFCgnKzX0UU5RIJMUQggyD9SkjwY4lAN+J4GhFW8gJ+FT0PecomMdAyywv1vtXbIsdCLH21fiUhnMIbRv5doLGCvudbfx1r0oniZefLMmRd5k2Qw0ntGqQJymOLRY1QMbMDWdQCKiK+GLZDjkfnhRVVM2XrrIlziRg9IgIJ72oRaVOfYaslpWRHra5S70dL0WD07sO2OFULAHmlwHp4q+hD5AxlqAqtZH1YLoM13HKy2mv0xGVldadO5ffrx5KNFrO7dCkaM6Zo5MgChB58hVZma8wnep4glh4jFswidMGxfiYQNIlcoqG9pFqSOUswqzevd/vYmi6YXiIteWWOdesOB9oWshjQ/YTw0xqw0p+K2jlCGY9/Kiu3n98d5O6LXL273Axc9+iaKP7LZjaFahARPYnMpUT6AiJMl3wxBJFNoqimPVsJM2eVzQIqtX/D5vSy6SXiV2crnuhWYV0zoWgLRFsE0V44U8oVOtW7ryD6gc9MJdA8ossOYswWYiT8OYlAMwiNBXR+xSFq27NVQ+asyFm9b/dWyyzZhKzpkdNLeK/Qr5I4zR3eaobqNFYys0rauzOmsYwTcSreop8dNW37aJdzdmNcLoy8fhCdIu9U0bA+1vOCx5JA9yV+ifu+DVw41/rDPc5TTvEb2guRMrMEs+aV9u7PpgcWFB0mpBrT55aUlIpfHbAObIrpr9J71UqrgRrORquiBOrv3pbU1haPG8domb5OFSY5fR0lDEArc8h2b5qs9ZtCoOktBbbPEZsSiCBoMEsIRhwR1EBUqx68WFq8TLCMBlWQLYoRkpAbxkLjV+ZYm7ZVqA2S9ZgaOoxVG8r5fLUNTq1AOC44BDnfRG4+JLCguAV86WluHzgx/sEgEk8UoR5T8GopjxEn92RtPVcqlfB4vLq6OpGIhonFouJlFctI06umh9ToIQsZ1746W9VwNxXWtwMsjWruKinBb8dWY4PCPyv4cgaBfpH5zC8yt5kq96eqX8GfDumHWbdLIbioYdQzggq41TRfUcwtXha7jAy1vFWiLR9Z8UTGma/Qr65UkLfsqaPVCsYq+3Kqd4m+bajl249z/RuZty6jApwCbO1vuQX4oOwVal73IfKts1D2olN+m+7nBrHBVtWM2pwgNreaZri/uFi0bFUZGWppt46JKxaUa3y05hUBi9MkmvLJrY9Ueq9ksxmcP0Iubva5onYXGhc8fqhEK6oUIXRtC9kSTldTKOfbTfwATehEAv1JjGsiaFYHrpBW7BTuHM4frs/Tb6MVD32V2Pv7iPe0GjVMCDNJTYOwpqazvaqpSfrJFwXkz0aX0iMdhr1jvUjUXnj8uLwSuXg1o6qt+CPXB1sCNhFhcpBSLOURc2Pj4p8+zU5JSYmNjc3MzBSLadq0CnHFzuqdw4uG6+fpKwArpR9K/FCDqWneYFrJayrhdvoqzFJpU1njJ+qABa83CeylhOhZtvLpef/EuPJhM9R7kVKBIGvLihXH0GWnHwJO93M2RrZXxvny6mjiiAp+xc7UncMfDNf315dn1ld3vvr+7vda3lom2SYSkUQo7PQ7fpv40k/2FNAv/LKcnGFg/6he1G7axXpc+PzLExxEp+VvoYNy+QcPy372fyMLoB6vjobvFRXinburhn9VoP8WSzVD1NBkmJ+qqRSXdEhM+gxg8XniacMCP1QBFrwy+dNbgR5qh+EFAsnJU0Vr12eHfD0/nw5YhQidPUa2eO172BRZOzldFuTbEtvVobGBaEiSJG0QbtDkaUJs9evNQQkzZyVNn3Xx0P+iHY6kr1ybvGxZxZ07nZvj8KTDvqYDlhbj0xEFHl5q18wWSCSnnuauj0n4OuhxW2zVWtwCRnidzX/0jjpaVT2ZlRlzLSHuSVxcfBz8Hx8PzMrPV/vTNEgbkgRJGyo3aLI0yUD3yUjk+hty2aJ3d/7S2DMf+O7v47XTLjesk4HFK2scVkiHqtLGTzlCj+e1lcvdLrcvThF0fSazfpGVddaTj3SzOYYcTGQr/BxDl4BZd7c/UWsrUUNSbdKGxA2aPprIC/16/9eE+ISk+KSLTy5G50Snp6YnJye3M3O1Y/xKKB22lw5YvzI+NSrwiFbrV2KBGNJA3/VBF792ll+i7gXu/D0gmwawF1nc3v5Ira0aJUnJ/A1bKjR1GeDzzdjSZ+p1L1h6IPSD24P6BPaxY9l1LrAa64Q/feSvFGENRi6DtFwCPdVWiZs3KyZOTKYm+F1Bo8rl7miWB9YZUzSxxZOe2TYCtmZJELNkOyFQ6x8SQpIoTdot2nN9+3epP88BZqX8Mifh5+lx06fH/fJLwty5jZmZnedY9Q2SwcPylYGlz9TSY3p6q/WqmwVFEx+GkYEVZIKu3irhFQArcIX/n+rCK27Y4Pi4+JiE7Pj4hHhFAbNoc8NWWwG29tTs1vSfj5y3ypi1Fd3YhFw2IecNem6/P6lkdiKwiLpy3kdFDarA0uIIPf+BrdwCdH2vTeK9NeNZtJr/tM/2NWtM0RVT5Kh4gwF5jwEwi1OhdnqzRCpJrE3cnbb7+pPrqQmpwKwU+C8uIU6mhISExsZOfIJDPUcy+K8C5Q4sQ6aWIbOdJ0ek38y5PNEDAiuIjPa/BK1UF7YDZjWpvxNDIiEAW3v2V2nqyYVaGmy05C8UQN7e9KTqSScCiyeSbtkYC3iSB9YAdOP4rkR1H4mJadDRCW25wSJyEjKPRH2ykK4SsCDsivoMbUxEcxvQ/PpnMwuC+fliVBiJiOwtz7yq7LOWcT//HD9rlnyJnTKl6Pr1TmwJ+dIlK8q0lcYHNRm79qqd4hhTXaPj7keXBioA68rdieqAxQn/uDhyQ270aVVgxcTEtBNntWpltCO6sZ4Elny5vvZAin/n2UrEE+XnbCpq0CpuVAiv6ni7/pmt3AL0/R1/bOwzs11arT851aTXeTN0Td19UQfQhTtbIp7tV8xsKoaVF8SzRUVFnehXYvESx0JtpXv6ljF2uar1q6KYUmOd0y+27tMzy2504taWB8/2q7XlbbMRdQrRJ3fIubgB6MDTfZ0FrJwa4YQbxe+cy/tgfcIQHffWZPCX4YFNDTSpe1WVMCmpce7cdMXbwZ70RoGzkHGBSpAFzMrsjhKGouPW6AdZ9veLelpNk6JbObLO5qh+BGsfOfmIQ/8EAQmXl7VzF4RUSsCCOKsmrLMynZxc4YSJRe/0Z/fqx9YwaEsGh48ubGigSWSruJKkcu7c8Ohn0Iqsk7ec7/2vDVitne4hbdiShmrmxpyKjU+Vr0hx8QlpcdGSG0cJ+z1EAb2tGoX88UEWEFIpAUvDZaNHfnwn2aoqp/bSt+5m79q5rdlUUKVDxVnk3TmNw6VSmqHhKr4gqaZ2bngUva1cbvd+aDqZ10M1yJoq60n4pUz34HuWZuhKOzdyHkF2p/s5P9oX+2BPdFVWrZrYQZKVlaUKLHilptN6SHMaGic8CH3H93Yvm3CN1YzWZHD43sIGHo1fcaq4JUnlLnP99/1DWskewmBJPYeh/T0hPbToZ39/X8S9PWGVWdX0ftUoGf9jUVu2ocdG7ySgfT9rHJ7o8fReZwFrb0g1OpKLzJnIitV/4K2hssTwPeR08DeaKeyxsQ1DhsTo64fRLWgb1Qd5xaOe+S1DhK1Fdl8zcr0x7gSxypiYuZDoocSs2VI0U4rmi5B9YcvQGFVjHyIi4WtCTOPfHAYjfs6c+JkzlYE1Y0aWkZGooaEzHGvvwWpyoERPsccR5f62vZLGViX8IbYF+ueTkfuzaOXqg1x8rt35rvmq4d/EccTTVUTaTCKih3yoVRq5OjY+XaEiJSYlhT0UzDQgxiNiy9cEh+bCE6oLtNy2INfNyhGWy6Zvgyyr+Z2yzHnw3nBopQ+QleRs3J3BpXzZTPc6VMv9jcZW1TVDbgXpe/rT9O61WSnA4JbdoPR5k2WQmtwyYvMnMe4ksepo3SLTT84eQw7PXNjHWDan1+FrHwFde8zhcOLpBMACkLWTfb+UX6WkoxueyN0HeXijP1LI5a5Wkg+V+O0qjV8VxZZaD3E00T/zTOhAkgjxVyukYMN+nKv3qns3Zvqa9rjwzI9TkyH2IHPbr50FdFMfEpL4Wt0U64IBA3XNRtqsb38sqa6WdAqwjkTUoGMMAJbGccb7H/gPRS4fIeelP94vKaC5QWHTpmyEHrWzoO019HWRDFJFX31Vc+BAo5tb5datRd98U21kRHCbhx6ciAM/yuKsqXLRFmzfyFMcyKewBTWWx1bqyy3z9U3bsCF+9mwlWjVnhVOnVj140BmOdehIA0LFSKMYaRYhfRY1CeXHKcUFhTR+vOluBTJhIOtU5HQPufrTRVU+ZB+Ns9dXQY/2pz6NKEoicrcQ8d8QTCNC0jJMwz5AzkiWTWuQhOpmx9i0RFgtuWFCYkJ0JGf1Z8RPiJjbgyhlK5pKeirrwccBBzVJYP1GU26su8qM7AxbPT4StRdZkEsP6ZxMfDSglEcCq6LpR7GE5p6bTbGJ6MbN9mhF2crJf9xjv2vSQyGEqw2x9XfiGwfCSNgyK+LxwVggESDJBNkdbXeRH3jXssfVWrYy3MvKytLS0uLVCLJC+ZVtOlBH0rOa40o3X7QtjQTWcuaPpsUF1TR+5b/p/h50oh3cULMZ/kYWtl853z8Qker29NbWhzbfXL9nFCrmNw8rPzgQASSi9myfXORaLD0u1LLrFf2KOHWu9uNh+ZpdaSZOkwUxrt5o6GBg1fElNgn1wy8VoOPMZmD19R2Arg/r4pGXQ/9lCxdmtLswyJN1b5uUjRpVNm+eSK5jhbqNq1WlBGsHMWYOYfAXMX4+0W2qDFg/EehUKWqunPIlvAtRr1CjuHl5gKq4adNaCZUyY076L3NTp89JnEkiLHHKtIJTZzq4/1hSJ6o/nxIyx9Zi8e7tRosWnNXvSa6n1KUXC/JEelv5lCFTBjrBQmdSaIDl5vu2T+Coe4/mhUflN8m1DRLFEWUei0gYQ4QZiJMm58RdiY1LpCBFtvnN/yYlRkbwfv2QmIiIGV2IDAVbpdUWk7GVSjIoB6z1a6KcOrg7po4fY5N8dvg1atDKWOdUckS/Eh4qru8ikuTQDFJLiOlhSci5nXy5zVZ5TW295kLFCVy1rAbHMb7HDS5fGe9n0e2Kifp1fo6iS8e7OBZGlin4FZdLRVKthEpJSExPTE4FC8uah8S4+AJ2Xsfaqk4otMllDQ+83wxrANbv6WgJs8s6Vk4ZvV+5LgxoJxMkn1/1tq3NqBsu8/zr8ttqcSuqKNWw6uzGuJgYnLUf73qs2/n96udDHETWJl3OFkQqLIicliHQ6sqkuzWtNe1grNlY3pHAOp9QP8Q2Hx1nkMWcKUsJ2f1mR/w4xPeK9VO63F5qYpIn62hXtxgIgOzhb9vZ5BDCM32aaCwgsoSEwJ84t5h4byKBZohReIZKhEXN/E74hpC0pS0cFitu5szW3qukmbNdV/1g8teX2w58dnvpZMCW96LvE70vdWTncf15fv4QHoNcZZEoQUQR+e+RfTsHDS2zPldHN95EmITX6FBWBWBdCiNDfflgwcUbXffcnpAieZ6bVsWNZEeeRFhaXpuUlBQbF5cQGVGxb17u9ZMxaU9j0rLybfYSkzWIqYgMsrZ+Q/DabJVSW6QJVHLe2A6wDiR3ZL979PmkU0McIBlpHbTaj87575tbIRzSKLCmbQriC69tfbz+Ax8H5BZAE1j9E1sJGoWVWbVigTj2XLrVe9cg+zuiJtQyQRcdv/ERNgrlk0FqQJCiVVJCguuTIJNHbtuDHW9HhwC2vJ88SMzryMdVnM9hDgm4R0aOrQPHnt5dzKOG/lFofbeOzlTSRyaRh3ROqel1Ihf7hTT89vZHsOfz2KoiqxpsFXUuyew98qEN6mZFAM4ufuMiaGqzVUqqQLMLg342YsstOwdMqjsMWMWN4h7WbLL9pyoVVUwZC7xLOQ30WfrFi8XqY6uQTz+NnT07fevWnLKyf3wnZBnBDiaupzO+oaFVWDOzGliH+WJBy88mKXFzS16+HIKstF/mXFv7XXcPHXQLQRl1sfdsiwEGHlp9Avt6Fnl2TGwlLuaxewCteMy2wodSsrChkd4tLibWIzOIrShgsdGFOBJYZPGBGvhp4P3ZYVFb45PLeP94VSyBQFBVXdNotZH4Honm9iwzWV65f75khj4xBZHAgvIjIpwOE6JmW4mlkqNpgf28jdANdUHW5r5euzzzEzrEVg3FjZA+KLX/UBPcFvlL1dyDJaq/yGUgIg8FJw8z8PBE7n7ytHoZW9WxG1Ku5wCVVEOt48jOlGSWbdCxpNbIA9LnkpKS5ORkYFZaQtK1iDvd3beTwanLxlG+JrNvWxu4bevTcbZiiUTat4KRh5/i2ILX/PCYRh59kx97MUVdBgesOfvpVefZfpD9NZb949UmIONLup4BVFIXau1FVg8PRwLdmv1KTBw9XtNvQJ7aIEuP2ff9PE+fxo4BlmtGo44Fs7lGyQHLLErtOMj8+e0kg4/37Hnp6TxVwUSonhKwntzTEIaQ2LoRoPXDrRnV/DZm80tKcvcfjJ0za7HpQHS7ZY6yv2z1SD/y/tUJoRNE0g7oIhU3uvKYOvK0IgsDiWtN1doKksFj8o0BA9nEokuhyCEUudzck/LSS8TF3Cam6RKTZSEVlFZaTZVtT9Eg9kwh6ttsxWismPrwjI76bqwJ961E0g5YJyTFNctY57RSjQJ+hZjGqEVw2XwwpoCJ6nO1h/ufQW635GvvnuSXtRUzuMhUz9EU2ZvKnlFE/bvxHQ8TDYcT6OLCgf4TLcuq5dYR5vP5uTk5sfFxiwPPIuf1raMTgC1y1OLG2o6yVdGdu3sN14w2tUQ3A+Qv2SzzqbqPuM4P+FvWLUgHFMugPS87OJ4bnHdY7/RBNYnhQY1TV6d4ceRu3GEwhVNnlOh0VZsVTphY3P5dH88FrJACXlcrljKtZMCC0EDdIRwcSrS1Q9RFWPfvv/SIr7CKiOwDwZQoBFU+IiHldVuzu4PexBs6c111vrimg2zQ+tDNtYK20eiixvyRHh9q39SgveF+aexSyUs7loQXwmN1VaaVDFgQGqi1VXK9tpJ5Ic46noesMtHVe/eLX9pW9VXEkj4kqqbSFWDWD4g4uZ5obLMVu6nqXYizoOLRAWvpEweJ9GXvtmeHFJp0Pava/u9DVjEXU9S2B/UOPKa2kIVKsrt96ne+LSt0I6PR+6XlL3lW3Cre6fduGGleNtZy3Kd75TiyXzbAV+/XnEFT4z7/KbrPzGS0jLHeoaKW08asIk7NSH8TbTVw7xBbSUJC+F26EAgVd+s+0vIMutmCaRfvi7ksdZ+Kc0g9qE2/RvkBdIpx/2UXhuRUcS362Km7v+egbBK87/ogbm1btMvOF707gI106YG1dGWZ5IWqoAKwzCJrFdt/qkYxu59iRRXTzANOSmqaMSP1yy/jtbXDaMOrSZNSOmYdr3xTIqJbdhD69Jru6Ou6eg76yF6uXNIHZq18tK4VQ0l1yShAk3ZJo2H3h+VxOqB/VFRrppQMNhdWdzHd80KSygUzPEq+vFyobanSHpBNQs4k90KOsCMW4nAxJWZ2U8ssKN8jwnxla39ick2htttW5KI6s2HjsNsmeU3VL39GIWbRqu0/1KWj3c8X0C2aJhEkCUpm8Au/BGBBii1iocXBO5FrYHPVdfaa9CicI+6ABQCijsQvGnan/+T4t+em9Z+RpLU8F61ioTVssqyWTSBYnLvSrlzS0u+TVFOAIBpVhbtzh9lKbGrKR4grW/p71eatyPcOxejuNwOiqmiOX5pU4TTD2+bL64e1z9BxxPLqpJtCTgfkEyGm0Ue6nW2nDx5+Yq+Vd1v7yJJTBdrdmTS3Q2szho0qyMt/wVNSAFZYAU9bRihdK5amRVt10jJnDrXLTyxT6CyAiG7KlBSEHtI+SVxTM9TSsqC6uuNuDW2ML43+srejTjOhlMpFjaHuwzkibsvoEn9Z7DINHw1VYI0PGd8hpyPhhUF1khFKl8fUlGOWFj9/qISvcCeASCKd4lZCTmozo2kPNM2ZltG11dyOW6ExJ57Y+CWZANICC1i2eijB57TYSrQswlFDuRJuQc6bxgdZdcjpsMOKjLXJfNBE9yy1gnZz0bK2HnqZWptJrmtQJCiZwstFVHtAAWte0B7kEoTcfDXdfS2zcqoFHbYyXObTxuEHi0lOrWa3PZJW7n69oUYFHIGkXVsBsDaMD7LokPNpioqq6N4daJX/7rsfn7FtzQq13H2H3gpOrFHocZeIJJCL7UYn6G6+OWWsaR1uGUe7xMKLqTi+/MKX1yEBVNcBf3rolVY48vnSZavKNHRUerI0GeN/fPEbAxSAdSauTsOMrEU6lgrAIsuRXKNHCjNNhEKpbOFa2mQwZPz4JKGwgx+bUVqf2d/pPWSvowIsPW17XeP4o/IPNUmqS9Ly1VLNB39P/r1jxgfrzvCYGjJg6SgCC0FlE1UZKdhKLJ1wvZiGVlCOM8ZfLxJKOvoRI3kZxLyeZGeWKrAmaxNOxoRc8gKBg5ar/PTRrejaBHRp4O8xdh1yLpFnEvZrkDXKROeMArDI+zzM7xmFKgJLyC+eIB+9ilkoPOXjEX5nkYvfmODwDrdVRpGg5yY27WMdtA2Zxt418t+nYqvmEdXf49w65GSsGOxhFqcNf9/x6Tk7hT4sKDc8jZIUnjMmFoovTXCjjXoAYfbj3STCDl6nuDyjyqwn/cxSyEkfGkfKPysnKZmvZaCyvJ8G4/c/KzoGWIa3ypVTwhNkBxb54rFcxxTl0Zzdu1nUQ+JUk8EjRzp4WgroVv49ZK8LeFIJrzS/9h6n1C0VVxtHswabN5oROUPSET2jwnJDmpSQISsArAZHZVs9qlIee23pHzwS0Qk3dsQEkrSa0trdTqEKEf9DxOZRSvNL4qrzZD3HMlS5bkcu65HDu8gWzbg7u0Ns5WV4R+m+Nmr1pb3IAkq8Y5pKp+VuJdsCsypy9C9Hf5tTatfhpgpM5iBDBs3DHX5lfH2wUAmPLbbarBRhzQi58PIdWGQdjIoj2eQT2EYrcgKHFyTCUByZytXq3u5Q2nsGwbyPjnT8o0yzA9nULdCq4ZXt185Kcybi4vlIR2WRLE3GjPmlEslLA6u4UTzoYn7b3CsZrXqfYc/3KV1zq/x8fJ1Acc2d2hpiyJCkrt3uaGk9kq29rQCsLVtyOtxY7Ia8vs4fIXttFWCh1SEblHbmSXjL45Zr+WgpAevLh1++/BChVFzMzx+kDCx2b0HpfGH5GlHdeaXndHNFks8dChRs21qOMbbc64T1SUrZxJK+5JTRSah8djfeL9qwnbak/801I8vPb1W2lVi4PPKylssGdGMhGVtdHkK2CnaaX3qNEUle1lYNxU3Wgy7LT+QBdz/e29Z1foDXmrvR55PEAkXnlXD5BZ+rNgYCJpKykLRyU8f7VaWw77Y8mghrGWO1fYUaWykBa+OXd469/BBhMZc36FaQwrR+N5/ePrfnh0eviYo/n8MUKFZ0IVd07vNrtIsxQEsQsKXjb+qoZddb9LVXnZYFfPRerXyTII8nXb62TEvpfjUtxpdjCl9siFABWIEMDjWvXb7xn+ddRl9jCX569qnf/9wYmdI/4MHIr8fYIhQrDyw3t/IONxa09t8HTEIXNZSBZac1yntcBU/Zt+qF9QODBirEWd7oi4dfCCUv27Mm5gSqxlaCsnm0O/PF0j2PqzVP0PW1y4zsltHxi5NICKlo5w+cKdr7983u72S+xHyd/fbve92wRJ42Xwe5V/C5KrZqHOg+BtlBAAvtgSzpttP8wmvMy9sqO5AF/n1QcXDQZZ6aKalSvrB6j3KKLT9lpNGtE/yK+P5YMc0CxMuZow4UVtSLVWzFG+h/QGHOrfPGL+4cE0pedhwgsKRU+SYkF+954dH0nRJ8cdCesIOap9RNj0p1e9rhtoIYyuF7D9XhQoCmzagbqg9Lrm+QDPxMcc0lLcYXYwtfuL+oDVjmUbXKOcsJpr4lM7SAZu0brtC1oI58WEA5F9VJ0N3QTz4b5tQSZz3+8MPoF5gm+kxdy76uQ+aDejSd7rbobkGQ0v6Vgsq3A99WANbzTcKKC0y4sO1SiGs4oSbIF9Wa0w0R6ku4oao7u2Y2kjk1LbDMGB/a5JU1dfwTDewLcs/v+J/9tgnI7zLyskPe9mS5eRF52iK3c3dLlce5K3mVbzv1U4hebdEE/5+eaavHgUUHt8UGuLLV5UNh5rGq+aCJ/hl2aCFNS9DoSj/2KqMVP+9Dqbis4/0qrEFH3cP+ljLupihXwkp+49teuxTGCq+vmxBs+cwISxwYKNi2Tezqqs6vzDOzVVek0Pf0Cy2nudU51fUphFG03UmQoFl96PAC00SfqcRr6Qd11CHSMucuW9lWVeK3P1Cc3IByJ0wsemaExQkMrNy2rVHFVm3AOhBa09aBZcFEVrJ/TzDev5AXW6I8mbiOt7uwru0xJ4CtNPZbX30DcVaYrm5oZ4RXoMUPlkMtoqGVvU6fGx/mNyrfOute5E4uFCm3GvdnwZ89qW5v/TCJWOJl6T9Ld8lkNPsXtCAmgH6JFWHNgbZ6xUb8AvJfciPvfQlPeSmL3Y/peq9OkLTSNWe6ZXbK2m8Lo4J7XD3+yaXDMkjZtBWPC30CruRzlL/UnXFTkxzNaGkM7LQ/cx/+pKy9ThCxWHrJMvNjXdd+6PpHyPlhAP3Qz/0DEXtV5jRAzGX5vn1hbKlyS6DSe9XWOcjU7YzwivSr82XkY41pHqHM7LM1L79KGdnueXGa8rRy2fTZLeMnlYx2WSUWWVpydXW5sikL4oAA2r0OpGbQLKHj5vO+393Y6hqV3qsw1d4rWeeglbHu6c4Ir8hrX3ybtssMvte8z8W6fOXZmu5ejZryiybrMD4bUfAkite+rWotLVm6ugzZWgkcRVu1ASu9UtDtlGzWKHDqMBP9xURHZOVY7oY7CtmWWFpe2jBQ+RknXJTO+sTVrSAyslPWb7lTENTr6ruyTndVYOnCW8GFyhm7JcNU4RlzXmhd0qpnDBhFPAVOTUcLZ6LFU9Bcz+M+9FwTpPNY3ShaNSWgujuIk4w4KWTVElYo9KaVN4kHyvcMHs9Dx/PByH3OFF1N4kQX8zvFVqX5vXwuoZu2yEuRVjJgwVvBZcpwt0yxVmgMbNG6kM3tf0t8RAVwaqDsYeDvoxsXj2fQjyulVx3tdl41EPgbmfttCFbsGSzn5w9sBZYwDwnzyQ1R0btSzhUJP7pTbJXC6bWRTf84ZUNmr03s4DTlOMUy6w66sUZ+yui6mGvPyDojIihUUUV4/Djtbul1Dd1uBtAsTXHj5oZYhYkyjeWcUwMdlfqSwMgWfewSrqYXRnfKE31y7rBNe6kZIkSn4K3cYOUxgRPW9SR25O98/q3yGbZ6HMFsWTKPjVDjcVN6YEEmP9mjBFkw0CkmGs9EXZnoPSYaQQYCpor35fBF92kfHFDJHUYQhZ1hKbFUPDlwOn141VLBpt2ZLZWLHiNz+N+eCkFXh5I35fjJbs3xRStC9tEG4/DBx87hloZnjs6xmIbmz0CLAFiwcdtG3WJjEkHZZH4h4hejvIUoTR9l9kOM/8mmudcp2Pc+mwtRanM+CKg6H4lsw9CRopE+D8sJdufYSjo5xB+5nVVGVWtxOzst7JaCrcqjv/X7AdnJzRex1VjxaI38NBF5WwU4s/80fLJpTigAa3DLso7ONjnqej2uTvZS7fVQvS9Hwr3fRqt8VBzZpSDMQFKEch+OL2N3yspcYol0snmJXHjFUt5YwphmWSrvM5FF/G9dU9DVfch1I3LdhNw2Iuc1K0J96JM8qVTk7CwwNOTPmSMPLJGNjZreNOnkxxE0QZaLl2mGQsTEuJ9/QGW0Dvh1bqRTU3mnPJ4ako+rk2+2s4opvOU0zVverwoji02/u/WOVhLqwkZdWOS/Gqxta1i0GTE4m3Ol8/I8QzvbOYUyVBUgFIf0km3c6YEFcgtrRGtlP1432RRViOV0Gd/tKmpUfC6OWFJc2jiI9gkCFY3jpdKOz3G4Yu6nHiORnYYaYOmhC2hNyMbWCtbIkwz7uwAtykNrU5GJMXJ/GzmORmZ/6K1P84mj+TnTQjNnai+GNBAgtbL/pgUGhsAsKHO7LIvyi6U/pVS3qiuo4jxK00UpSFa0UMXZ7wjFh6EXN4oGXSxAZix0vBD5nEE176LanihiAyocNF40upHoDFuJPr3rgtzPqwWWi/Wa2IetLtMobBzm+ZVKY6Cn59DNh+WnevyY0PIh2q590XWA1Lf9fUcYeA6WPQP8sy7uwX70zRWkJ0pzheBPh+/cBY0KHZ1SUTG/YCCfhUSF6P6ZAb++O2dJz7l2G77YOGjiH6MP8hp5HW8rgfSTPYVoWT5aUYRWFKOVDNlGITJkUxEWWpi75lJFm60EkmEOBegoC1lkIRtP5PwXunoE2V7Xs3rqk02DVEloKFdbm4IUr39/roFBM7O6dBH7+dGeklt+ofLS/q7e3z0Ia1RcILChuPHUIEfV0TpyKb7xroLGjn+Wj5ArOvvptf3q787ZjU74rLnX2sbBOZwbBvub/61xbpq2r4F+1ge6cT9o3d6nfz7Th6ZtC60P1Y7SRpFI/wG683NfP/3PtqOffkUzZnVZLl8HFYBlf6mefNyF/FwvHeZ7/fMYDOXr5wnvFtXr0j2jSVsozugMwBtFH0L2vWg7sDQu6a18vLawqa0PpapR/N5W2UC1YR5alYs2RqJVOWh5MVrM3Em3EvZDp5BJaNZ0tOhnNM/dzPvYPEvYkGWFc0xmnqA9nyobe4BUqiZKRc0F/sx46z1+jnJfxt28Wt2TT5FpAcobQT4tkQ8pAUICpM3TzpB0jq1SniD3czSo8rig4WmzMvp+IbcNlFW8qvdufEgzWcQG7YyiebC7jxOrL3IahFwGoBs2Zum/zQv7QPbYyvfR9Q0zQ+gHMexTlRwdapr5e3bVDOXFiPm1QY1P9UUFaPuIyVPQsuloyc9o2TS0eI720vyMTgne97qXjdhwe8Yfjit2Wd+1+uGkyfoLRw137DuElrM1DJkr7coL5ZbKq+KK3zufJxtMZ5M3rlulIPNcdCIfHWXufEjjVyInp7Y00MyMP29e65/8mTPpR0sYbGVgufm853uH0agMxJy7bGNd5fvJ4c/D2meoZ7B3uO4ZhdICi5yZpWHttfJufWFbdxCnigs/MfzQh8lI8PSfGrYH0OkjyGovMr+7k2ZsyqnCCUUgABaEVRb5plbTLSeSnTNLlOpgG7DKysXvD8kjByD12xaCgKLfk5WQyFcJdZvKGoaoeaLc5Q7MblhN9V6FjMVP7o0KuoEuf9484i4XCPS43HNvzEGlDwpE0hH7ClsGqlkktsh/mXqrmQ8zaAY9a8pqjb47OFt/6eIeq9Z8uGWe3q9AKyg/o/nbR+2mccSyssz3309BbbSiSpq+PjdBeY2RJqJ2CHsRilyJ6rtSz0xsLZfFHWcrQlxKsJ4QnvubNo5+5IQ8bFWB1cPbbm+qcj+6QCIYcXM0stNUNKyunkPXh8WPVb+osoy75LvgT/Tdvuxx838f+n2m5z64+dEkzrNG3VXdv7GMY/X+pdZYwLjlsXem2jYlccozURprBRaLlp9bOXJR13kz0BLqV6DS8+DLjzrQViwpy0PqtbNmce2trwQO2sQVRJarsuKEcs9/2HdTym53ZZ4KxNIRjoUtdyywZNgiu331LJgP82j8SlpWxv/uOy54RY8evA8/5OrptQFr1CjV/ct4/Pf977b1YXlQxUfP1z++VuVkmoSnh1yhDbISLqd3lK0kYmkNqy7dK8dt8S2bUTdoaXWkx7mgveHKRhZILoy4TgHOGFkDtoxl+x/WO818SLO0bJmw7Lu07/Ti9Prc6rv421VzdVbQ1sE2YLHzhD36tA1Aahgwe/Zla+gwRo0vrKmhGXev4+1VfdQ4vFLPO/DyZuKIRBn11Quf3O3hbS/rdrmAXA6gS13k5jTI5jfYaU0J3qc6pSMojWOwlqXck2rINFjHimbQZxZCvpCdlr9/0hEgOtWHBWUqmmu344rqzgI2O6NHjzZUaWik9+yZoqGRM2qUmO55BHslu5AIKdEKygFRB9iKT3DyiQxTYuE8osdMAn2QOhW52NGEV+7npoT4C1WmGAcV3jdwfAsIpTSOYXC5Z3Q5fTos4EueptUaTnrYH10f3PIspffRjSM7aAZV65gN5gZ2wKnD6IwJOrtXz+LIe2eMDEz3Lzhex6FZAsRhl+sPaMGMFlRRBX6U6wc6YIiQI+VAVLtQsLAHrwfEuUeeIMIOEZeVi9RBo9x/KaEyBy2IxTFQXc7kBNPgJCu6WE3GyudL0tL4kybJ92GRAdeOHar7srmcHv63kacPuumLvHw1nXx7ud3ScvQef+FBbT3NPKHgvWGqI7B7keX9AxEvbyspp6kxg+m2MOBoj/PUYWlnqAKSrk7xEqvcA8QIyjMxOKsaAB4xOKduTIBH8JIlyUbzDkxF89TVwTZgVVWLf55VoqHLUACWAVNTh7F2U7lKN5mkmruUthursmkq+dUvoZS6qtHBHt18LpEdMR4XZPXNFnlYo8sfo0sasqoF+Us3GbO6arofSq1XXoNxtnUp/UD1r4xvjAubBAoXIxKIsmNzIePwtvRf2M2w1VLT0cIlvVaXMmkm/oirqlg//wyEkgcW/JuiqVm4dq1Sn6KEkCwVLFVCFVWmCqYKiZfqbmATKVuJ0dRy0tMIBMAamj4TuTrQ9l5p3rRNrVNOFmbfW0A/mnFR8xufCU0ihS4/oUCSEluVm1F3yTJzRDfPQS20ggzxq15eBUyaLrlqXvXR7Vbb3jm4862j3y74+R2zDz44O7TX8f4a9tprQjdKFW0llUjNl1pPleXj8gWa2YNTj4mELzXtPkWSMpo/uhuvW7P9BehMOCLsaYBFFgi4apSXvpntVUp/f5UZ45trhU1KLadAIImNlWRkkBMaunVTAFavXhImzTpxtdX8ubZhOue8tex9es/x/Ki/28iBXh/1cftIw3nPmihVW3ksva26JjIQ5NpUIMhLTe7jpaQwR48K7jZun+wxOQfbXdndWPN0Wary2J/zbD/aHnpqkVJhk1C1DhakFfmY3VposLKdOtgMrOJi8ehvC/V7sJCBwtqA1HIQ/Qfn1dUpEFQkYRbXd6d9znhRnUYj3fzJ59cfSeHI5XQLqlrLReRuhq79Dzn0Rtd+QG6HkPMadGPVB7ecirjK6b2hXTlaRg+sXr+xi2ra/F7AFZxYfGqW7pIFXVa0jg+2Gmth95XMZOWRWmFxcc7o0ZD9paqkhJAkZvXvL65TAChTyuzO604LLA2exk3xzZexlR3xx48tD8eGMoNAEzk99W8fo2GWx/kPbl2jsdWjtegiohnHsNPqda1fUVPbit08rnjb4vChuq7Du3h8iJwHobanVcL2yO4emcnK0WVxU/HXPuN1rhroneupf7oXuqxDFkdtdFkXktD+zoPqBAq2Atdc1H0lNa1EvpC/i8biiJsvdXPcH8I/FOwvQDZhsgjLUYVWDohw+4DgKM8sI2+2NaW/g73XGXaR/JK8XC5/8WJy4lWXLkqxFVm6d5ckJyvnRMXcOV/f/VzbfVAXt4FdSasOlT20eKhsEHZCf9+GOoVKXs2sM+1OM8lA1qN0Kv3mS90bV/rHtlRyJZaPjMmFTE+3+9Svk5YfXGooUm6rvAzv7KMH1snjvWzq5fb/R3WwGVjXbjSQT6nSV33QBVNTm7Fuc4VSJiEUpxbVa6jSqrgB5Vf3Tk69U1f3z8a/IqtKzTPjQiuKawT8BRF36fuMPSHTuYDcT5Dw8rQni8dFe2aG4sAwYX6r9t3N9DNr9FYxd9yokr9D82l0LmWX6XJmkm/Yd317gM9R6MKruXYtWQVVVElGmgVr1yndWpwqSQUw0QILSlde1yBJ0D+yVSYR6UqYpxKhjUTNMWLBFMUHo0GQNaH6o96PdiI3O7APcietJEsJz9sz0xVtJTFPsnrXqS/d7DY9PQeDHU92yt/8nBxdCQngQEVUyT1e13nRt8FcxaWXrmXfQDaIxJ8jFPlv0dO001oXulnp5mp2aj6Aifa3gN9oftcVCUHJ/8yvJJHmIvNQSWiNtGaBYIGS8T+tQKszUYWzCrMAWFn2yn4VVfvu/7V3HlBRXVsf34xUCygixhZsSTT6EqPGz1hiFAXsJRJj1GjiI4nB+OlnoiIGSxIbiqIoqBQR6aBiRxSQ3pEqOPTe+zD1zvnOnaFMB5KYvJd1/uss1ggyzOw593f3Pmefvc8XKjyxoHUqf1eI1Lyi4uIUcEpicD76CLGkvNfA6wUjJEJsyTGWcfPA13GU9NFi7NT8rGanLCvq6AB7ZnDf8mZKYirCT8YVPi9lNXDT1n2fDfAIph6C8z21KTyTeCVdxvWLOJlwfNglha/NRuvcg11SpeX7dA12ACs6lq3en86apysxS2JLM2/zturKKoFc0gSnnvVZR0go0XC8uG5EZu6v8fGpRUW9rdZQxGq5kpehiwNAz3P9A6+Mf+DB8LusdEue/pFEMqTnOdcCqe7zWWU8ra/oVkjyvtUB37rEAo4MeWuKa78w3I6NIm8psRHN9bZWFUol7rOio9PV1V+I/Kl0ia8ZGlBrs5lqqJRbY+J8xv1MGbDwsOBZ9NJW1ajoPrqyDulir2oN6v8VGr8MMeT7zq5C8C7z48EhP00vnfYuc4FW0EmaWfK2asjWctHFnpR8MHgg/ufEmiQZmpQXt80yDBwj2hOUH5hi0/T8S6UTpqKrYtSv6tDMok+Aaknu7W4O3VbZXiW3ksg/+ZndItExA/mPYxGsuGDR22oNRcKiK/wr9FoVG/qz+4/njGewGbLG5wJQYJ0I6Ko0sLDb9Upq7TKrlqdlWyB72FYUDB4Ir0us4MgUdRAWF7MNDVUxS09PWCgFlOTomonq9LGBMZ3ZbaLhaQRe329OrK6U3fgScAS+n93fDycVdojYByfvWDzppa0ai5oTrqT9quuAf+tY/wtnx7v+yvjtDsy+Clus4YJqYOEXkOwqdSOsyao7omV/UNFuwJMDkWWJVTJFHfp0DXavYQXeadv+bc0843KdwQWSzNIckG+8tKKhgZLfKGzlXqpqHVdU+wZmlviYTnr2pcTEtKSk5F62aUuorx4e5EpnOYoDQPxVRQKRXAKk0X33ly1SuyfhL9sZW/Nl3asv8ifuLWlSUiEvJ5759QRL2StErSMSWa+7pShTdlOjOTCwdPv2vHnzMgfoZOlAphZkDoT6rwB5aaLHxogjGxm1Cdsu8S9N5EyUp5UGW8NT4NkbW+WghM/RcOPOANBM1BBbYaNs7GRNzZ8zv3n4ShG8puTNBc9Lb8rbqiKCca0/OOHoT/IkufpEn3ebuIorYr+Ir10wIWistIc1Ua0DWO/p+r3KlF1PDCy8s/35t/PuLtJx0ZNklua1/sb3zRrkbMVu49y/9Hj7xJ1m0oEhHSlomId5RvZqXlEJwznDVdwkugcFu15Ir2Thxz5GqEmqV3ZYMZsh3+vgeP5Ep5ImjpIjhJHP0ZhRHBlOqal1pGXp6gozZffyHgeWHNge99m8kEk6vmPBe5xoDIKH6pqRi4zTGhr48huF8Zde2E10kUt5t/tZwy7N82VvbFWaUHlyuCMO38QOkaiq8hkcBmJUqQ4GxSvxZ4yuyfR/LggvtWGck09qPTfRhd3E+YPXoGwTCi5XiPEk2/ECmHcfKE6fra1/kpx6K7fo88KaSS/zd4obeKampnJ7VxPSIikMvM73llAS+UQaAY6nXqYwWzsuDwyjgPi2GCY76hVbc5scsESHwvKrpZYAWhvaHjo9CXELxZfHnllWyxjrFQJ+Max64qp4Q13I43LdjXmngHMcuCcBXe+c7sWKT4r9wv9F/oLRY+uVCEt6Yyt7ZPGJEkLJjGUI/lXwP8bcAcvE/Wh5gy4UP2O2djCoSdAUUBcQ0xoTVRmj6TwIAvrBg37g2oktJ/pgZn6zVPnwpgaul9OrALd8j0uv1s16PJ7hqdDJGgUe/q6Ke45wKS7Gk2yljctwt+iB4vzJXwIWw2oZYJnrfVlTUturecWz6A2tNFkwrwRe+YpiQBdRYOimgdJOoWZm52JtE6oJQC0REaVc9dOF8sAafrEov1FqXjVwBE4v691yG2yZrHMHzjdqalMiT07eyRK4uiq2FZcyNU5mwFMNeKZOV/TtqIBy965iJyDslzj54+W/6jm0vmrvja3uWIRgL6lPfe3FJbEOa5yPPJVYz+y4C3KauBkBuSUx5cVR5Uc0z8sD6+Rwp/r8pj94DcoCi8cXzpxXRqePSiy9D3mjMCNTAYAEAkFmZk5CQqrIq0oS+1bilpPFxcXYyRL0VHjb5Pk98LLvJaS6l+F9LuLIsZXP68xiFZrZVoA5U2Nb/txj5f23K0hoUN+aH/2qe+9SwBf8utYWhxgmsAYP7HauYHwm74vi2MR88JcFaUrCWyEP3Z9JT/TrnbTCM95jCGrIUJDqhRre5byr8LLZwdvhLnBvFjartpU1MlnUO2BhF8xECKYUHS1iL+xrNI6LOu6BbIpt9tIMokAjTmNu+tz+4f0hDiAeIFQNbqkDXSxfS/3qQMljz3w+tWNtxBvgjkOV0eCB3au3GN6yiyzg+QbceH+w38u0RsVZIxRv5q25UtleVzSHXB+eUa8gYwjP4+/e3WMqFxXiT8Rhx7Wn7uGs5h4uRROuSc/A4sFqJvCvddJK/PH5jUe8zuVXio0yzOgOvhHqrUlL3nN4Rh+ukk5oUD+dH13GltiMEq4NKQbHNLiSTg/Xl/9j7b1p+/FC3aFImlbswYOpNMUNOHg84cyZKaJavhGd1THDhwyJzshQkEzf3sC58K67wqjwdLCdK3LtcV65mwSqOHAjDZ2Ow0BHdOxtdM7ZjXXpSqnns/k3zG5h8GGKXZ3rg+NKhRmtxdHlf/AaBHljTZ1ZIgWsfnlmqytYLAXHf9ra2iTa4SZLNu/G34+Pjy8s7GHZz7XwpZYYRj3RaugdF93b19T9L4uDwT2p3Zkm2eU89W35orz2fAVVjeiQMO9961IWp/stNFU3fTFsu6mihZKu7I8vR33r/VtAbjxTeVIdD92a2j3dxYu1wWaIr8AbTaQSVV8/W3lbKaSqPskT5LoMaZn1glafoaGfIt0VSB3/E4eQV9Geblu1Z6vH0QcgIFaUVRwnehALHdjy1wBHxvv3Z7IE3W+hrpo9a1igEdxU6FWJHau5o247/JbxIl7pOgAGlmx6qhPD7OEqliJbvUrMWwaKb7Z4Zi+EFXZbL1Eqa1a6Cly12Fo9AIsLVgnQ6jUU3dBFrur0x3cVUNweidXKbIwqJOomx3z0xoDT6XRSu/QC1vsuUq1Dqtv5w25mw9V0cM7oGNdzwCNv5iGf4EmzMLP4+C+PGsX77TcqXml/M/oanJooXXw8zMwsncVScPsvS6xSuLZ9BOxH3xkHqOd5leKaaaNlp7orvdhFOj708i+DHbx33n5+J/KZX3jGk+4l0ZrseswjseelpGSz7aX3PSTbYfy+a1AKWHgOZGVzp39UKgUsEbP27KuTP7Eo7oibpET4R5mZPWfchlWXDbp1VRWzfC4Mue0cX1+VUF+td/uaaJ3rwoKw213lh1raqWmHShWjqjMkNPi+qKJRIJG/S53ZfMEYVpvCBjPYIGMpHEvvnrU/J46pMq+OQo1Z6M50KWCJmUVPelljpVApqq+fEfxRzT3lr6WjsHVokApmLUFgjobkovhclLAe6WF4LUbwE1ogQB0TpUXQMi19WgewZAZmVpQahIJBwrAKXoWEHy3cuzl6JHgY0QtVsr4VBtmaWY9fxKlasqSEVFZD9vTA2bL59I6MPbH75I9Y56UUmNG5o4qZRZ/3HPVtO6uHNYcwQZiybJKu8WbLkBx2PKpOQB56tHuFgfVgAeoqsspvQUnTxMCqejr0Z4/dOqdfihLcuz0sgwtFFRK9CwVC4ebwUnBK6waWeLi/GuQQZ7X825Q1X1BxqspOUJQwK4s1fXqyXLeEsD178uWvwYqUatGSkyxujsJF0x1rMLBGCEa0oR6OjheGlf4y6KK1cmZh3BwfcqkktqKWWZ+SmpL8IjkpNelVfm5XahinhXt5moeKnjr4yU8aOLZUtMlcg5hKK2HDyl5fg93AYrULN31VPWhIQX/9AvlGF3M+UVBzC79cHPrJoyo5OTlNJPw4Oztb9c2QR1FTHnvTK1neF7pX3yWyhyY9vBldR2+9cSjBe8E+dIqWp92muCeSJbSvhLIUJ151eliT9pU0St+g2K2cMN8Qd4cdOxYuXKYmEzOvfnQlRNUnjP2C8E3o+iDk3l9BCs+9OUiu7h0Xcb/jfafOVpe9bDgAQjzULCrWCrKzkEpbCRDvOzTlE5HfZCxen5IYOPrbjiZlIbrgFw9xvkfvLUAwH8EptEkocY91qXahKy3GKh2TXkxqFEhFdqw2/m23PGuTR3MZ7vLulfcVpspDC+2bQrcNchnc31VfvtfRnKAF8jUCeVy+w3dXl6mvl2HWMppW+NNZd26DbXtxMVJZQ52HeFM4U1TQahJnUiQVLd5vQ7ffo3cGLwP9sUrujVa40F3HI6ApdNBWl1PqJ5lSwDqeN+lqSSNbal618Sm33AaTR4UMF2lmuWaBa659nip2sFjUpk0vBw2K7N8/Ur5Pwpw5qfLXoIAruPvdU/mmhDZwzlrzzMf/Z/ZF5ebql3WqO9QLeNTFKe774KQVnO5afZf0rc5Pcu2K5rKys+JFKiiQWuhMdsmwUh5aHoQz9pOusxs5Mhssj9xCLEx2zGEslDvboPga7AbWs7B2umK8Rr6CbCzI22qhtO44Zpakn4VpFRMT4+rq6u3tbWpqqqOjs2TJEicnp9ZWpZlZ4TXli8PvLI+8vzrqoVaAE52E1YUtL/sNsd1pSikNtZvjnuxMfi6ZACnkF9Y3lYzYVUkfu++uECJVnHupbYXcR0Yx0eZopPacgh83zurys3DYvEH/K4UJ7hI7/M+Q5NqHi/QeU8RWZb/3A+8HGVppNcHsMHg/vl/IOkNKZwBnyRK+k5NQua3SUfgBtNgGLT+KVq9CWoslsLUIwQm0odtPQSmn0OZLaGcd6k6ALOQUZrIyx6WMU+xkxdJVY5e+XCobRAiFQVsfHdU4awNnF4HL2E4/axx4TtcPKM5XlXP3rDwMnNTpIV8q9jJsDVea0uH0g6uJdMr7Kob5t0M+/fdg86ClW9LWr8u1tq55+FDAVuqWhlPhi7mLl3OXr+aulo8QN3C7bYXqUlD4ZhSzUypZlF2I2jJR/DgMLGd/c/itWopWovLWS/1k5xX+19bnpRoyHhYe1zL0PbLzW1Q5hs+eNYocK4WdqMK2blVak+/+D6HysMDMsuln99sYh2P9L7otCUhwSlNRxaEwvNR1sb/H8tueq4OOatlbSTS+PwCnfTfcl4yrMKrwVc/jdT9bQ2FzVWatwgISXdWEbiy9JcNN7Hpv2bqZoaEGANNg1speXIPdwEpL52oPLgA1uT5iWjgkzB9mmhdcrrgyX0lJSUJCQhewMjIyjh071q9fv/79+48YMQI6tXbtWhVbh13vI6Gh+mBGrIb/ZRpb3hcYPhddpLOHpH5LUMWr/ppToCsoMbzkb/HWrqewuQA2lsGmYvi8EDtW9NiUD58x5x4r40s30agUuoVSEE5BFAK3R8NN6aoAny+DzxbBCpulv/UQx9anoevassk7XQu3HsNQmeJc0N283VKXjRA2uAL2uqoHQeab0LUFzlm7FqmyVccbwXHfdXRwOdJYLAr9TBAjGCk9TV3Fq/o672vdBN03kt4YGD9QClIxEiMK5mbMlfF6UtwyD4rijiNw9t/ggIGFx3jwegPcv14a1sOBmLp0bRc9Rcn0dDbWsOtvBJcqdmav7r6+RGKjEPtWVqPWJq1YEW264skny5OXL08wNU0wNs777Tchn9+jrRKohIO8gxpsDbHlGWyGqpPn3CqU8zWK0kUxb6CogSgSPAJWw29VcKIUfiuiyzHSIx+OMed6lPGlL0K3Vw30GtY1OWA5pi193MOSblpam7Y29q3CFPZRHzYsOjhYcYOlh7vDlS2cH+osQ7ofTnqtvYs9MtTTRViWUBVyMMpG4xz+LTysGWex96Tsl1qr2m59/fgX3Yun3nD6RbpSI4YXHgdFX/fDqWtzfSjpQlVubm5dfDCA4avgczyWw2cLlV+DUmtYXr6tU94roZnV5WRp5oN+HuzMBrv0mXfy2vgKApaioiLsHyaKhIH14sWLW7duDRw4EORkb28vSWUViq2r9C9lXsvPelJVosLx59V8TXfcFJV8Q8VQlTUoKuK9by8cGfFdtOmJF+P+r+Ttn0oMLYuMdhUFpbAkAitWmdAhhhoRJgJWBALfxMF7P/+fH5bNW6m11vL9fXnJBT2/xDwvFDBFMbPwN4NmIr4C5387b7sUsAQwIQOq9DpORkvVeLO3R72zVTaKjUD+j9C1FPREYck9sTCtOsp3yPhWMfBB2gfjU8a/nfq2YZKhUZJRUEN3hwgeixfnkHpqhJP4znkYzu6ECwvBZT64vcW4ufyDh5nJPfco82L6TvH9l4hZ8i3aQP7EYkcax3bHT2B5VwHYpWC+ZcD6KNOVKatWJK9cgclFD4wtM7PqoCBh7xpBx1Kx/gL/a4JrTwSqbIVyv0bPgF69wuM5PVhh2rvdrafZ31vjGT/WsfTtKyWGF4qMHIqCXrEkgl/KIatuhOdLuJYuQyvGtYwPbjGT63o+Y+vlVT1lSoISZoXNnJncpqgDwO3tT36CEwoXs6TdHNsY+xRB75oVlsRWZPjnJl1Lz3tSJFR+Ed7+Ohj/aVH2llRBQfz40gc37ca7nH/b7aSh42mjqy+D8iXdNAcHB0mHRg8GfwD/8yHMM2Os/eEDpdeg7C5hdY1gm0U1zSz1POxY0eTa9hI8cASege8bD0sVOFnt7e0vX75MT0/HqEpNTcWP/f39sXslDyzsdq1fvx7//zt37hw9erQ3S/KqlifZ0eyikZKVv3kFICwGfiEUpg7m1PzQ0i5s5VAVjfzaVqnPOJ/a94wCMa3E4zmCSAThCO7Ef9hS1+uCjexq9Hwbjadrig6jFT+U/41MKnM2d7YRx2gIW5+mFIJ3XkDdQFla0aNfP+769YL29lt/hq2iW6JHJo1UHAZGg2WBZYugpVXQWsGtqOVJJToF74vYJ51LLS4VYg22P791o7Ght61GqttrtoX/m87DclKXb3oUVKHAIS3KLNkz22qb0Q4cHSyBdYvBfOvAT2OWrkhe0UmrTmYlLluWf+IEn8u91X7naMPRTO4fK67SHI1iR3ahqntEAPuZJmLuaOYKW7lURSu/tl1qXu2LrwTHF/K0whfOW365DZzenkauruZu25YjYpZ8bBj28KGChvXVmXVOs73OGF07rn9ZWVDW4W31O+Oz/h6vnX+byToa2ZBZ+4eaxRRHl58e6WStuM/Y6XuWzzgtXByHtlS0sWqlMlH27dsHSjTjrQ/bGpReg6BgQZkvDLzVNutAIax9CXuzwK3b7oeSqmrYCtxvDGA+n9/a2hoQEHD58uUPP/wQlAvHhphc+IGRkRHGXI+pDx23+ja+5J2BYsd1VFWXGxxMrnygmuyUPVUyNTtUglYdQ0iPKKTZiPpyso/io8JAFDRL7GoJXaFjbesKNJcc4iIFC38cxKkT1iXyE8ySRi94BA8W0kX9FJ7eEAJcX7sW+m4rYVubUMI7i2mNo2NAZYtWUXC+4ryyp7oy28tKSc22Y9rn85/0oV0un+IHFtyedXseONKHgRhXtMFFG1wxs/rd8rERVimwFY/Da65reZXA/Oldi++HrPabvSp1pTStOpmVbrLS8eH3UKYG+WBUapTOTS/k98pW7W18nqTH0RyHIgcqoJV4hAEqO6fsqWYH5dG5V4pWr7RdM5+U9eF0LX0NBtbOmpUi52qFHzpUWFOjwPXmcwSsuvayhErb0VdVMgvH9bZWR1PgfDH8mjfSuexVcVtTQVPv7tBtiN/9p0viKo4NtFf4t/BfwTFgzPlkpbaaPVsZH7S0NYOfBPcBWGI5MuvU3NLhurRn65wxyT+3WPnS3enTp9XU1KDX0tfX19XV3blzJ5+vqnJIqmvOxXe8XefcKYurbilrE3CQoNlWeT8oNV7dXkSxlMTpVAo1VwGwRAO7XVHUsBZhUt9uNNmOyEkNOUJdMJTGQJs/FCfAcz4jnprEERYrRfDp021qSmnVLsrZeQowvo+2anF1LXnnnfI5czhxcfyyMsTlnys9o2xDUC1GbW/hXpYyW1HCa3N9lO1V04k5wy6XJ/Wt79bl7Kvgog4e2saWGts+V3/nF60da9WZGoyydybxi5XaqiogMN7EJHWVIlqJRvaS1d+fmwhlomLghaBfrK9bpLuzbqfqNmX+rvkL37n76Zzg1Li6qjIWvWxYZktniiqkVbgayt+LBCwlqRto7r18xcAS3eyHeWQn1bb3yVaOjuVqarJOFoPxfNKkhOJipdFl5OlEK+XpBaIUrTNbRrvqHcjQ/yl9gfGDn0df+1X3wv2doRRfZaj42BV9+Q7aNYfKSmgqbcP/OepMkrIUeWu1s4/2Puex+EpSN6i5c+eqwMKwYcOSkpL6BqwWHoX9WKkUOPFwStsZU6EsorW1tYXfpWym0mLB7XXss4Y3DsPlw+B4Rt/9zPCbPst92EWTOQWKaMUEbuUqpf4Q4pQKz4dRjHAlwMLjKQWlQrs+TSwhv6U0663cTMhiQijCqIIwRLMPB55M4U6kZK1EYHuGrfJAfzsdMtIZCIOlbcVkKk8jqKsrNjTMF/VHKtLXLx4+vGbO/JDl7wwLoktJQKKsb7UqR6mt8B0b3yGtGWdUTP2f4ES0XXKfbMVitxz/ZvKxj9XsZzJKAXL7gbjjQB5A3c6dyjIVqm/fTliyRCGqkpevyDJZHblu6czgoR3PJR4FAMXwCimdV411nA8Nb40Cj9HgMV0/YMbw298sDRLETVZMq2eAMpXaisMRns+oY7ing3uGYmDhcfmFXUZtn2zV0iJ4660ERYFh6M6dTGXLStFnkuSr+skzy1L/yu5Bl4/Ru4FnxAeV65iNyl9KNfpMH30CaDGUGk/7zfCq83xf+3fc5N0rcXF3z1V3lNuKc/78eQaDoRoIdnZ2fQPW9VcN/a4p9m81XTLiaxTfK1JSUjAd+0orAx1Dv10PHmyPvG8RkeqcE2P7Qlw8V8Cl8IOCkLIzQ92PwZVf4Cr+egSuHtc5l+P+Fq9EHlgMXq2lkF+mKCunNpfakUTNeE5pKPOtQkWIiaR0W1B8nyZWJbr+DPULFUEqXCCKLjuf8zml2SJU/GxUSkr7sGGqgYWdLEsAdQlb6ejo7Nq1a/v27RYWFs7OzvgOkZiYSO9rcbnxiYm5ISHFQ4cWdHZJKhCRqxjgiRGcXw7LfgVI7shuZ8QyLAssy7gKbMWqbb+74+nlGR6HNc4rq14i2nU69YvuxdL4yj7Zqu369XLoVyGGlFoHWDqGpiZHSf43Kz8/dePGhMWLE5cu7UbVihUpy1fGrln2ldPESZF69PsslBjFMDB5uM2JEKttiQct4v2c867YZqcn1ovyvCj8IDqkcubQQHGpHPz1TfB6V+tq1NlJKFoeWAzEtEQcBbaqrRPs+KF2xvxSjS9zwCwHvsmmrxEXqeuFdrsc03Tds+Jr+tbP5vr1qn79FKY4hGtqRsTHK961r0ipxp4vZpaKwFC8f3K488O1xgG+zoUHu8Jub39yxyIk2Tkj0jaxPLFKnOdVmlhVHZlRbDwzcsLH98as8zHYbAXnsN+tiFZnbRh29yyfNSuKf2tra3fs2DFjxgwNDQ3VQMCRRLySmaAUWLtiK+gVRCX+7Zy7+blKDl7n5uYePXp05MiRvaTVhLET9hgcOwZXbeAyHkfAEX/FhGI+KPYye3QUnE5ou/ymfg3TqmscBjenyT+3vdTgFMr4ViuVvZ0CdOQJglChikhQP4Wal0NZKOOLCjGFu54q8dcwBFOoOSyUq5hZubm8o0fpfirKgbVSwlZjx441MDCQMeDQoUMfPHhgZmaGH/+ftna5uroksMQDex5VAJ/vB01xRns0rMxRaqvQI7H4JnlQIhNHZlIe1798bZ7PHYsnZX2kFe0C7tqVL/fyutiKI1lermJbscvLyz0907ZsSVy2rAtY6aarzu3/kI4ES6VpVQTjiib8y/j0GPAeCTdGimq24K8zhgaGPSj/yizMCG6+q+37jrq3dEkv/xUTj3OeaqCIrjAQ6AgxU6mtjvzaQBdlUhe1bmHQTVvg22y4mUGv/F7HtErX98iedzffIqJM2T1ehXbtwn5nqMIUB1EeaUpurmIC1uU2hB6NOUUvh5/tzUnms2OdTxjQBRsw5g7QuaO2+MHxoZdzHxTcMLuF/a+j2hd+7nfBCi4cAIeDYK/sefbByZsrlfpWR44c6XGBaN68efhOHK/83JJSYGH7GnhkK43JHdNMHhXylafPRkdHa2pq9gZYI/RGHdW8/CtIIQl7Uid0XI6Ak/ix5I/wOArOtoPtGpMHcIo6m5iXThU0OwsFSg+IVJaYFyZANAvCFDNLvUro/rv3SrBHFkUZKFsXw15bGmUiREoXUwTR0V09geVDwp0SttLT01NoVex2iR844WteEQsKRcGX9wcQNAkc90y9Wu1cx1dqKx/z+ypSlg+p26W6//5mP+z4+CIDA2XMwhdopYmJiryq1uzs5NVr0kyWZy9es+fsu/MeGhq80JL1rUQ97fRTRr+j5z5B+iwR9qTe1fEVt1McL1eGcCz4zNC90niPTrzqoFXiVFThjHhKbWW+uaojdVG7M2nRIA+W5sDJTNiTpe6U4V7Y+LtthX0oA4NoZWlZmGUmJukqer4XRyuomqC4B6qewxFNewVVAHUuiKPF3pw0vDjVPck5g1WnlMvm5uaqQKCmfs3Fnd9TxgWo+FlWI3vWnbyOc+cyi1lX06cEvmILVOX729vb94ZZWqDzE5z6DZxlqCTPKYkfXTuh7VD6aGR3VFjQn1KxmV0ViVx00BVIrqLXmOSZguPEbOqLdiV+UK8iHWFWEjUrVORShcm5bwnUFErlOUG+vb08s3iilKkxfQmuvQCqlbAAD7EjUtGvP0pWaquiyLIjOucPKd8Xx3Gi7xcP8D38d9uKm5VVPmuWeKEtX87JKp0yRchWZaviR7dvWM7fa/uuDmZwOSiglbgJZ2r/Nw0dJoKvfKFBZae4x4H3FK3ruW6ju6PCyP50sruy5e1oto5egezJEMwsdVH2on6exkzmF1uqsBv9u22VldU2a1ayiFnyWQ7hU6YkstmqLvFY+xQbrXOiZJTzqpnVp+/LHBLs7C5hX52plOyRkZFdt1UFMaAOBOzUQOFfoObc3w8sepOXR119WT/nbt4E3xwpZl3LGO6ZXdii6pPAIat8/CIvdVD/EnadADdleFIGrJwbU9kFhp07g0CxI5S+lORDyBHaAiGCJ08rtXDRGvxT2g9aosIP6lEC1FwhvIoDwDhqgphZz4UdwIqmhrNV9nkW1tayDQwkaUUB3MQfZB9XA7eKFumL5WnFYHT5NfgrO0KprZ4eila6ZKtmZ8M4J1prP3l9SQDFp363rajm5parV3EAWDJhggyziocP56nM3qhANW8UGNJIKlKEqs6QUC1fY8TH+yeCvzI8KQGWW5Td+/zo4R1Zo2GAmpTa6tDRetop1MmXH2ra+Yz+oggRmEuWV6jwg3pOC2sWXL1aMWdO6oQJ8dLMCh8+PKawUBXcWbXtJ4c6HdA8vn+UzWG4aNNTvWMbiYWt3gw8H04YXBavZ+FAsiiiTKmtDh1SSoB+aifNGeimqNDr4yXdh89/B7C6VMPm4xhQKkK8lv60XFVqiVAo3L9/f2+crGWw4RS49wZVR8Gpa53r8jturMp0XpUxu9CAV7sbCRWlwDUz0TNzdGMIugqtt+A5T963wrRSE6+49+gH9VI8VINjwAjUkUYv/kMNwqcqNxqFvP37JZ0sIcAPv2u/dQiAi8jPKu10Yeh19zffZMfFVSxejLFVt3u3UNG5n3pmo4/5vV+HOCi7r9owaGbhO+oBOH1xijufzf/jthLU1OAYMF/ayWp/qspWQiTc17Bfs1BTakOwQI5Z1WCwdetECOwNqsaC5yjwGAM3R8ENk7d9G8syUIYxijZAeYrnFTOPZ/5F1RDDwo5GLXKDMYDuOyUCVt6U6SWq/aDeXoM1PBwDSkeI4U+fNqq+BkP2xOwx/n55+cAvL8zfP+ZnaziHPz6Fa1sYVfu17PcOxFw72+lhnVMY/YlaftnS5UbfvFYaV+G2OOBXg0sPd4cJuAreJpPJxMHgkCFDlM1Yvf6MsrNqdEfIK4ACpyAB+08AFn1nY/HH+uR0JPJeTZ/5oKQR3zayotGVn9BFS3TnEqorl/+t4ODgrqz3OXPmWFhYjBo1SuYVvw+zZdawJMcRcBIvZmFOOU72C/kxzm1O0OUpfmnuot19IU/F0hUK24h9K/p8nzNwPSGmVRQSSixjRVIDc4UW0ZRBFGX4R5axZEM8VHrAYbfx5weDqvUws9LRLDqBOrr5p5/yLS2Zly6Vl5cruAyo4OCububUnDmRFhYj5GzVG+kBrAWwnTy54ccf8a0ZB1mtHh6i9Au+QHnp6oCNj8RnLJRFB78MvHjH4gm+o/5mePmPLGPJMquiomTs2C5m1X44BzW3R7fG/FT0k2WB5aXKS+VcRfOqPbh/UX/x78ypmGNRZzGqZJQUtipg4Nl5E9S9lUHqTbj5pmgxC3PKdPL9Ez+mmM95smTK/Vs3isTzSsXS1cYvq+m1diW0wt8fOKzAYkeNwehCwxGF7jdb/ixbVVRwx46N6/SzwufMSmtvRjGc6J/qf7Kss7zUfKlcUC6fy5NREr8KaX+MYGXy0IvbLwZ9/dR21BUr6U2VI3B22wRXg1/iBtinGJsFHlajf3Rs4PGDYG8N5606q1zh37ow+frjH59fm+NtP8XthUe2KHuaUrF0tXHjxh4WhXQGvvCyQD4GyMMQMd3/UEgo5V7yqUn+rzoCwytpfiHhKDMCrdFD8wDNF40vJ6JyBSlCAQEB69ats7GxaW+n31VRUdGjR4/Gjx8v+aL/DftOgKtCl8rD+P6NT+4dBscTui65d+nJRAmEfHYvDjpURSGv0d0NUZyhIIWOCp/zu7fwMql1ouzzYg76Mzuht7agcUZpOD4bMc576lz7U3YpsbGtenrRok0fekycGM9kKviMBQEB3HXreDY2QuW2UiFjY+NPPvkEP9DU1fW9K6rULBCoXhLqSH2NyrEcvX83HLFRUsbbCk57r6OfsKm4pbm09U+0lZDFKp00Kb9z0T3S7eBzTpxegh598jGaHhNTJjLZiuZVW8C66nU2jTbtQpGt+EWPWI/Gl47vwJYoYHzjvSMTwU+eVkZwc4vxsy8+eToaPN7V9X16t0xsKk4v5lVUDHv0uCLQVBwM0kMtb93ndE5AcQm/tIz/J9qKxaImTeqq7Rd20Ck1jpugV6LbtRY4sXQik6fAVpEo4DBadwNZsxFNz8ai5lePCs6NdxFjiC4HCmfG7wyFmy/hepamQ6ql7hX7SXtTI8Y4L91+fMQhn8/dnD/2x7Q6qnvh5d38zmuw57cWFRU1evRo1ZN27dp19OpCWzFq6/ka7AOw2Hzhe7eYdHEyN+bbdnebluui1bpoMaAlnWMu0OmwvdPZs2fV1ekEI21t7f4D++8wPHCMzldwFPtTeIgX3X+GSwkXMvnt/Jygwur0+r5sR9Ugr5Hyp/xY/lARIWKWUJzYuRu9BuEQ4L33kkRsEh84jhLRSnIBItTVtfJ32GrgwIGGhobKPvsLFy7gu0JQUFB6enrvX21TTfOmkf9eD9voE4JKgIX9f+zzvw5bYZ6WvfdeHu0SQciboPuUMShJTybB1bW61/Oq6ax6oTq+dLWLtAdW9p/66eHR4D0GPMT+VFc7xTfA3f1CLrtdEBJUmpPeh428mlrBSEyrfsppJSrHtPunutc+r0bcY7j8r979ryFXW3LnwbXtWi+fLfpskrX6WVHWgv3xAfazDkaJV3u0TyZ8r+bouXFtFQWljWp5xRptgvPcVuplUJ58w1SVMWxNb9Kbdu/uwzUIfbLXs/LWtwLyJp699+yLWWgRIGMJWmFymaijOxfRrXPI5xRq6OFqxNF1bGxsSEhIVlZWTm5ORWZNgHnI9QVBL1xyMjyZqc45Z/TdD4HDSV3X0tiqvl8EAvTiuOJSCk7A8oHnHDq/AQMrl7JAr0fPnjVOniyZpiy1xaOuHnHxYtm5c2WnTpVUVnJ7b6vc3NzMzExzc/MFCxa4uLh4eno6Ozvr6+uL0+3wf+vz+reA8j1+awms3gH7j0in2IgTRMU34X1wqvdto/qq9mfPyt+a/GwUzHYASJKtJ6Eeq36x4uK5inOnyk5VcnuaV0gYy4kNaQ/J4mblCnJymbWW5lEbFoT4u+QHeRb6OufN0A8wBPd/6fqlxNb29XUKBOj46UbZFi1dm4P4+2KQQZ7F9zWvcV69nQiGd8H6Z/C3AI8dcH8l5AwSe5TqGSMulvmdexl6KutxZXtzT5cJXZIhL6SoOquuPqchp5pl/rR4wf0Cz9TqNLecwrjgSpZ+aQtUtA3iCmL6bivB8ePHexMWWFhYvC5g0Xt/PCHzkR9aKE0r8TBRQ8u00QJAcwDtnIVaG/vOme7NlIqk2thzaWWx1X16hsdVuS4pbvxHpgra+YqHm44gdNkL7uxnQoikhjYIQ9FrU2Mj386uVE1NQRIN/mZn5aPQWbNS5Luo9WZCdD1OSko6d+5cX2mV+jTd7cDNQ0t+EZdwWQdfYg/rcOdGkigNx95j2e0rs71xPPjb0Ev5oSWvz1bCusaABDtIVpM/pK0Wq6Ydp02Hh1EwK32WTDXU3kG5e16lJ9VfO5fdV1o9rS0+8CRtycpyusilon7DOoMLlq2tmL2gDMeDQ98oDA1vf43zqo6yC49T87MAz2/B6zvw/B78v4Qni+GRqZrPt9o+u8BjO7hvnfX4ZCO/zy9DIHHkhytIauWc4wr6Nq+ePn164MCBJUuWKCOUjo7OsmXLxOefhw4dGhoa+hqB1bGOF3BWMbMWd35dCOzYwFJ+ZR2vDv0lquW0box26ee1w8N5lGLfSlwONOmgKAWhFaOqHb36C17Y2bOlSmpIdu/13H9QLkRllPAvslVzbfOpjeeXq9MNlLqqei6D9dvgBwv4P2s4c5heZ7UNOUh3+uC28vJDi+teNb7uV4WZfbb8rNKqEp3VuwLrA7Gf9RfOK/bGuGB1fweY/Zz2YTREQy4GPHiYXq9obaVCw9pf5fFe/+sSnn0ZAjcxs74TMWsH3NwJNy3Bawd4iShGf/0mMD+xsqy8l01C/wRb1dZu3LhRvHyhQgcPHhTZqhWj6tWrvl2D8Ptf3Y3DaJWe1BoW5tcnNKrQx9C0Aj5+ZKiXrG+UbHSx8mKLoOV1G+vMyyf4rsLw/CbC7Q3MplTXoSmuBrI1qnzHofYq9Jfr8OEiPb0oJbSK0NZ+8jRmTi17cGWLUSv3IiV87bYKPHP3E1gu3+VhGXyKB8bWHjhydJxda1Xb32Cr0sP0irtyZhkmGeon/oXzKicVvOzA5xK8nwiMIngnFSal0k5Wl5+lkTducnFVteBvsFX6XT2ff4vYtIOGlM+34Ie9LUt63P4BnL82nPaO/uDBRkZGFy9ebGl5/bY6c6bHAHDcuHFVVb//Gvy9wGqqRTaraGBJ0Cr7c/j5BPyvHVzbB8Y3RWfWxPUto2Fm2sxiTvGfbqAqdrNfcdLaCMctMa7TH/0Gnhbg9f0aD1Nr9w81vL7V8PruqPsMKfcqfPNfP6tqa3mrVmUqB1b04CF3MwoHVLbRrbNLm6G6baaA+vNt1VjVFOkX88va02e2XNg1fZ+Z8vZKGGTGsMp2s/3fYCte7aqcVaqB1V3N+TXOK5ZfCXNt9MMtcSHTn/jS3chvXYT9AbD5EfheAuxtfR7c7WdB3uavq/8GW7FrVz1eq+dqAC5vgefX4Ptd/2s/9Du1EdbNALN/wTefwFSpnJiZM2cWF78GW1VV+fn5rV27dsuWLdOnT5cn1Oj+/SfpdmdAb978h67B3wusoEt0NsNi0RAHhp/AiaMAGaJFUzwSZCuZWBVbcShOk6CphlfDE/4JPnNmU8W4IGvaK8YROx6e34g8YTy+Fw18z7F803Nzi4sGvZ51ReRhFd356yfWpUvlyo+wRmjrPD1ut7qsmVHeQgMLj5ImaGZbCYUcSthECWuE6E+wVVFmyVfjvjeFdUtgNR490gr/z9g7CX+DrSov0duqsb0eUXCg2EqIOHzUxEN/jq0ym+vHPbhBQ8rbXtTG6WJHP5QABwh0oGl1+yJcdoUhuaBRID75fOfu3+CKXsp0hEsAVzThCgM8jAdf3PPtZIf5A1ap8G6srKw4HE5TU1NNTU0vi5X3YKvMTOwxqXapxg8a5DJnzoDOejJ37tz5O4AV6kknXi0AZMJAa4fQO4aLIOsLMHosh6rOgd346WnTJ6ROGJM8Zn7m/Jz2HPSSSWVn9/5vtkicia3ntO1O9oMbX3VCSuGwXH5jCR+j6sZAFLkd5ftIdXD6q+TpWS0CVhiD8XzIEJnkhtg163+u50MXrcSjokW/unV6VeuEytYxNW3zeYIcdmkFu6SkL7bq9v9b6luv7nZbBCuXKYFUVye4xbB6/aAt9tsvP/eJVt0Y6nXZqtZTnH7FiGUMSRjSw3qWyNsakawfxp2eKJwQS41JoeazUE47YrahPswr1N5tq3oue3dqJN10TkVbX+xt7fPFqBpkULj9uxof/1bqb5hWyJPpQwPLEcBN49P1uw4McjoFrv8LxwbDUBXlELATNGHChDFjxsyfPz8nJ4fJZGb36RqUiCvr6+t3797dYww4d+jQZBOTKwsX7vjmG28fH+qPGev3AovLRm7WaMeHyM8WhdxAyweIV6/SN8HQx71w5hNhx5W3Kd0h7YMGcZYu5ZiZ8Z2dJZ8+ob7Bt6i0htNRwSa7uWVzTOL4u8E7ktKS68s3x7gMD/xRy2enSlp9i92uqwFm6P7HqMAP/X1isylr68IPP0y2tS25caNqwIAIidMVMes37q3lSNFKPEq7HrOgOGZuyqdfpJibvzpyJPfQodpgqQKyCQ0JvqW+NZyOffTsluzNiZvHB4//LuO7nOxXZzZd+GL49jVaX6hAFfaqMKq+Mvp+3yc/47Dx77QVxbYusf4w/UPbctsbNTcGxA3oZla0XPsM0b7hyBS4x6OPbYrPV8VTb0dRQyKpQenU0jTKrEIoNa9QTgIK9UWNnTkHxdnoxGa0aTw6/+2r6tJN8U+HB7nSjeZU9yH3OW/0TdQnCyv9Atv+TlsJ2NYJhz8MnH0yyzbdPfeUjtthcDwOrjvhsBbo9Caf4O233x4yZMigQYOWLl1qZmbmLHMNJiT4+vpiX6xjXmVn42hu/PjxO3bsSE5Oxo+HDx+upaXV4185tnhxgZVVa3T0n/Ku4c8xHv7gT29DH9O5o7ddjT/I/lC+O4tarFr3P9Nhzzf0+d7u474MBuejj7imptywMO+Kam3fO+AZMP7+k9kh4YvCokYFPYKb/uB1C49hgcfA4ytRAPitClqpe++wTPAq7TEV5S9Xdjars8VA2IKPs7/a7lNUD2UtMsBS63pczoMcd6OEJSuSli1LMDHBI3nlypc//vjK+lBLeoZPpb/2HW0IgPFPxs8On70oatGoR6PAH+AWPZbPWmcCa8zopfT1Kmi1Qv2zS5bX6isa/uNs1Z69LW+bGFXGWcYYZF2rV/jrjCzYUAi2DWrRQqnaGGGd5RhFBX8YKdRHaZRpIz8chQUgM216ln45Hu2ajfYtQp+PogOFhSBYBCYuR+humHRDTOVNyP0c1P0uWyY/r+C0/qfZqja7MWhbmA1c/hVcDhr/Ov1DBctJqsuXMxiMjz76yNTUNDw8PCAgQFtbmw7oxo+fPXv2okWLJE/U9bJIp7q6uqWlZVl5+Z/4NuFPeyY+D0UGouf+iM1tF7KPlB7RjddV7GclwSJ7KBoKXLnyTzyA7FFjht3wBQwsn9vgjQkVSA/8AP+THvg7l8Frt2JaiSmGv7pvXRPhiP5TxePRLQb8/bEHKeTy+I2so+UtuvJOFk0rFuRHGaRsWpK0bKVUnxhT05TFpve2mAwNHAi3gR6YUIGicQvE31ELYBjuHblo6PIV8Jkcp9aLe8Hjrwth+S9rTv/n2krIC6wP9K/z5wq52P86XHpkbIruRy/BqgpC+BCPIEoIKgpeiw9gPUMQX6bJX69Nb2EvoZcv6IDgk+68HL5JP1+LaWNcfwV/RwWcEi9j4a+edmuiHv7H2oriUS8DC7L98xEXtbPbjxw5oqur+zvOompqaopp9Qe1Zs2aP/09wusz396ivRAp58bHgVYUREymS9O1KwLWqyH6Q69cB7+gTkLJDAwyH/CyFAFLxKab/6a/en6j5vXdmNtW4PntyFv7rF/cqWI3o/8eNbH3ljRJhIHi0QKlDYy0XfMSTVbL1zJ/sXzl/c8W6XmpQ1AHoWTHXdB20THTWouBhdm0FD41hbUdbf7UzLeO+W4ZfLp55L/drb0aq5r+i2yVyd/7lIJoBM+pHlDV7XYhiK0C3qeKMgc797jLV+sN8LQTAUvkZ9Htxy/iB2p+l8bcu44fjLzrap0eW8Vm/RfZau/evfAXCntwY8bQBdxGjhxpbW39R9IX/gZgVfIqN7zaMC1t2oB4iZWIJBgbADXaijrxiWqqOM9fAAH3lNBKPLDPdQi8MKcs9qfe+irOffStfbq+P2yNvV7CagiuyCporUP/bRJQlfWsDdWt08qbB0i6V0XM/snrzZKWKWi+kLF09dHd0zCVFNMKjzvA8GfM+mD+SvgcR4Vu+2+e++rS5tEWa3U32W11qCmpSw5OrSqo/q+zFR9VZgs3JFLTIqkBYb0DViiCl8HQ4V4pGWxTdbOzlnDLGbNpf1rMVwnPRt910w102hr/tITVGlxZXNDW/F9nq8rKyg0bNkybNm3AgAGvCVL79+//6quvRo8ejb25rVu3lpSUBAcHFxQUvKZ3BK/bZJSQimmJMUg0EDOrXyzMdoLKQYqBRQH8tOELCHygGFUdseEd8PYb5H/ZuyhZ3Ly3mt3CbKlW1cj3v0YUlx9T0WLQte5ekDAk+TNTqXiwc6QvXfX14YlKgSWODYNAw0Nj8q5/hQVGiM3TWN1UzqxU0cj3v0VCRDULY6Iog7DeAavIRbSprZBW4jMbi6Fxmc7VfaZ3CrLE1qlms5itTf+AeUVRVExMTG+qafZJgwYN8vb2Fs+l6upqJpP5F8wr+GtMtuLlCnq7OhHmOqnVaCpYveoKCdOGv6HncpMOCTGePAO6V6+8b5mFRxvdfUx/x/u2ht+9Fw0t6J+oOtYKHB6WsTCthiatWZJosjRp+XJ5YKUuWxm4ccFAX3XsSdF4CuhevcIPzKLNjB4b0d/BftZDRjIr+R9pq3RqxdOOxXW1ruV2hSFhfAnw14jAJDqJQS9jdR3POGiGNhl1H+bPTfxH2mrFihW9WXpXLTMzMyMjI/FjDQ2NFy9e/MXv4i8CVnJb8ryMeVPTpnqXuKIfrdiTJ7fr6MgDSwAQ+c4kuOEHnoHTHj2zyci2Ssui9wcxpG763ywqccwroP/p4Tf2XnAlm/2PnFhcQXJN27yqtqltre6lzh6Z33yTvG5dwuLF4i3CRFPTRDMz/CB1sZnH9gX0hmAATHs2zSbbxirLqmN/0B9ultx0LHCk/+kHY4PHVrIr/5G2ahEmp1DzEqiplZRrAWUVT02OoHSedW4Rdo1nCFJealAYSfMAfTMNudsgFysaW8ai7zy7ie450g/mAto8FtX/M22VnJw8b968qVOnurq6WllZTZ48WVmR9a42XDiWtLGxwf+560c3b950dHTs6uGEQ85/JrDopQchv7vDcFsblZDAd3DgrFjBXbWKs3gxe8YMjrk5f/v2ypSUk68KTmfn1nLooit1HO7C0Agtn9tznz7HhOILhU55BftSM1IamtA/WfiNdtiK4nDaXr2qvn+fefRo3i+/5FpbZ+/enX/iRPH5C8XM5JN5p0/nnq7l0rUH6rh1CyMWat3Wmvt8LiYUNrhTgdO+jH0pTSn/YEsJEZ9CHbYSoLYWYUKZ0AF7XhnUqhfU4iRqRhZlniPc3tYQjrxtke9p1Cyq09Bch35ciEy00P/OpQkl4KP7TshpH2L+k23F5/NZLFbnJdiWkJDg4OCAPa9Vq1YtXrx4xowZ5ubm27dvDw8Pt7W1PX36dG2taF7V1S1cuFBLS2vu3LmYUPhJnJyc9u3bl5LyN9gK/lNsKVB6drRdIMhsamYJBIhIfImqslV7ZnMmS8AiVurEmfJpw21HhZmIQ2zVdQkqn1ft7ZmZmV2w+xsF5HMiIiL6bxEBFhEREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWERERARYxAREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREREBFhEREQEWEREREQEWEREREQEWERERARYRERERARYRERERARYREREBFhEREREBFhEREZGM/h/glwtdivglxgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Agglomerative clustering with and without structure

![Various Agglomerative Clustering on a 2D embedding of
digits](data:image/png;base64,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)

Various Agglomerative Clustering on a 2D embedding of digits

![A demo of structured Ward hierarchical clustering on an image of
coins](data:image/png;base64,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)

A demo of structured Ward hierarchical clustering on an image of coins

![Hierarchical clustering: structured vs unstructured
ward](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hierarchical clustering: structured vs unstructured ward

![Agglomerative clustering with different
metrics](data:image/png;base64,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)

Agglomerative clustering with different metrics

![Inductive
Clustering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Inductive Clustering

![Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy datasets

![Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.AgglomerativeClustering.html

