# sklearn.gaussian_process.GaussianProcessRegressor

`class sklearn.gaussian_process.GaussianProcessRegressor(kernel=None, *,
alpha=1e-10, optimizer='fmin_l_bfgs_b', n_restarts_optimizer=0,
normalize_y=False, copy_X_train=True, random_state=None)` [source]

    
Gaussian process regression (GPR).

The implementation is based on Algorithm 2.1 of Gaussian Processes for Machine
Learning (GPML) by Rasmussen and Williams.

In addition to standard scikit-learn estimator API, GaussianProcessRegressor:

  * allows prediction without prior fitting (based on the GP prior)
  * provides an additional method sample_y(X), which evaluates samples drawn from the GPR (prior or posterior) at given inputs
  * exposes a method log_marginal_likelihood(theta), which can be used externally for other ways of selecting hyperparameters, e.g., via Markov chain Monte Carlo.

Read more in the User Guide.

New in version 0.18.

Parameters

    
`kernelkernel instance, default=None`

    
The kernel specifying the covariance function of the GP. If None is passed,
the kernel `ConstantKernel(1.0, constant_value_bounds="fixed" * RBF(1.0,
length_scale_bounds="fixed")` is used as default. Note that the kernel
hyperparameters are optimized during fitting unless the bounds are marked as
“fixed”.

`alphafloat or ndarray of shape (n_samples,), default=1e-10`

    
Value added to the diagonal of the kernel matrix during fitting. This can
prevent a potential numerical issue during fitting, by ensuring that the
calculated values form a positive definite matrix. It can also be interpreted
as the variance of additional Gaussian measurement noise on the training
observations. Note that this is different from using a `WhiteKernel`. If an
array is passed, it must have the same number of entries as the data used for
fitting and is used as datapoint-dependent noise level. Allowing to specify
the noise level directly as a parameter is mainly for convenience and for
consistency with Ridge.

`optimizer“fmin_l_bfgs_b” or callable, default=”fmin_l_bfgs_b”`

    
Can either be one of the internally supported optimizers for optimizing the
kernel’s parameters, specified by a string, or an externally defined optimizer
passed as a callable. If a callable is passed, it must have the signature:

    
    def optimizer(obj_func, initial_theta, bounds):
        # * 'obj_func' is the objective function to be minimized, which
        #   takes the hyperparameters theta as parameter and an
        #   optional flag eval_gradient, which determines if the
        #   gradient is returned additionally to the function value
        # * 'initial_theta': the initial value for theta, which can be
        #   used by local optimizers
        # * 'bounds': the bounds on the values of theta
        ....
        # Returned are the best found hyperparameters theta and
        # the corresponding value of the target function.
        return theta_opt, func_min
    
Per default, the ‘L-BGFS-B’ algorithm from scipy.optimize.minimize is used. If
None is passed, the kernel’s parameters are kept fixed. Available internal
optimizers are:

    
    'fmin_l_bfgs_b'
    
`n_restarts_optimizerint, default=0`

    
The number of restarts of the optimizer for finding the kernel’s parameters
which maximize the log-marginal likelihood. The first run of the optimizer is
performed from the kernel’s initial parameters, the remaining ones (if any)
from thetas sampled log-uniform randomly from the space of allowed theta-
values. If greater than 0, all bounds must be finite. Note that
n_restarts_optimizer == 0 implies that one run is performed.

`normalize_ybool, default=False`

    
Whether the target values y are normalized, the mean and variance of the
target values are set equal to 0 and 1 respectively. This is recommended for
cases where zero-mean, unit-variance priors are used. Note that, in this
implementation, the normalisation is reversed before the GP predictions are
reported.

Changed in version 0.23.

`copy_X_trainbool, default=True`

    
If True, a persistent copy of the training data is stored in the object.
Otherwise, just a reference to the training data is stored, which might cause
predictions to change if the data is modified externally.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Determines random number generation used to initialize the centers. Pass an
int for reproducible results across multiple function calls. See :term:
`Glossary <random_state>`.

Attributes

    
`X_train_array-like of shape (n_samples, n_features) or list of object`

    
Feature vectors or other representations of training data (also required for
prediction).

`y_train_array-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_targets)`

    
Target values in training data (also required for prediction)

`kernel_kernel instance`

    
The kernel used for prediction. The structure of the kernel is the same as the
one passed as parameter but with optimized hyperparameters

`L_array-like of shape (n_samples, n_samples)`

    
Lower-triangular Cholesky decomposition of the kernel in `X_train_`

`alpha_array-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Dual coefficients of training data points in kernel space

`log_marginal_likelihood_value_float`

    
The log-marginal-likelihood of `self.kernel_.theta`

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_friedman2
    >>> from sklearn.gaussian_process import GaussianProcessRegressor
    >>> from sklearn.gaussian_process.kernels import DotProduct, WhiteKernel
    >>> X, y = make_friedman2(n_samples=500, noise=0, random_state=0)
    >>> kernel = DotProduct() + WhiteKernel()
    >>> gpr = GaussianProcessRegressor(kernel=kernel,
    ...         random_state=0).fit(X, y)
    >>> gpr.score(X, y)
    0.3680...
    >>> gpr.predict(X[:2,:], return_std=True)
    (array([653.0..., 592.1...]), array([316.6..., 316.6...]))
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X, y) | Fit Gaussian process regression model.  
---|---  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`log_marginal_likelihood`([theta, …]) | Returns log-marginal likelihood of theta for training data.  
`predict`(X[, return_std, return_cov]) | Predict using the Gaussian process regression model  
`sample_y`(X[, n_samples, random_state]) | Draw samples from Gaussian process and evaluate at X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`fit(X, y)` [source]

    
Fit Gaussian process regression model.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features) or list of object`

    
Feature vectors or other representations of training data.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_targets)`

    
Target values

Returns

    
`selfreturns an instance of self.`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`log_marginal_likelihood(theta=None, eval_gradient=False, clone_kernel=True)`
[source]

    
Returns log-marginal likelihood of theta for training data.

Parameters

    
`thetaarray-like of shape (n_kernel_params,) default=None`

    
Kernel hyperparameters for which the log-marginal likelihood is evaluated. If
None, the precomputed log_marginal_likelihood of `self.kernel_.theta` is
returned.

`eval_gradientbool, default=False`

    
If True, the gradient of the log-marginal likelihood with respect to the
kernel hyperparameters at position theta is returned additionally. If True,
theta must not be None.

`clone_kernelbool, default=True`

    
If True, the kernel attribute is copied. If False, the kernel attribute is
modified, but may result in a performance improvement.

Returns

    
`log_likelihoodfloat`

    
Log-marginal likelihood of theta for training data.

`log_likelihood_gradientndarray of shape (n_kernel_params,), optional`

    
Gradient of the log-marginal likelihood with respect to the kernel
hyperparameters at position theta. Only returned when eval_gradient is True.

`predict(X, return_std=False, return_cov=False)` [source]

    
Predict using the Gaussian process regression model

We can also predict based on an unfitted model by using the GP prior. In
addition to the mean of the predictive distribution, also its standard
deviation (return_std=True) or covariance (return_cov=True). Note that at most
one of the two can be requested.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features) or list of object`

    
Query points where the GP is evaluated.

`return_stdbool, default=False`

    
If True, the standard-deviation of the predictive distribution at the query
points is returned along with the mean.

`return_covbool, default=False`

    
If True, the covariance of the joint predictive distribution at the query
points is returned along with the mean.

Returns

    
`y_meanndarray of shape (n_samples, [n_output_dims])`

    
Mean of predictive distribution a query points.

`y_stdndarray of shape (n_samples,), optional`

    
Standard deviation of predictive distribution at query points. Only returned
when `return_std` is True.

`y_covndarray of shape (n_samples, n_samples), optional`

    
Covariance of joint predictive distribution a query points. Only returned when
`return_cov` is True.

`sample_y(X, n_samples=1, random_state=0)` [source]

    
Draw samples from Gaussian process and evaluate at X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features) or list of object`

    
Query points where the GP is evaluated.

`n_samplesint, default=1`

    
The number of samples drawn from the Gaussian process

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=0`

    
Determines random number generation to randomly draw samples. Pass an int for
reproducible results across multiple function calls. See :term: `Glossary
<random_state>`.

Returns

    
`y_samplesndarray of shape (n_samples_X, [n_output_dims], n_samples)`

    
Values of n_samples samples drawn from Gaussian process and evaluated at query
points.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.

The coefficient \\(R^2\\) is defined as \\((1 - \frac{u}{v})\\), where \\(u\\)
is the residual sum of squares `((y_true - y_pred) ** 2).sum()` and \\(v\\) is
the total sum of squares `((y_true - y_true.mean()) ** 2).sum()`. The best
possible score is 1.0 and it can be negative (because the model can be
arbitrarily worse). A constant model that always predicts the expected value
of `y`, disregarding the input features, would get a \\(R^2\\) score of 0.0.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples. For some estimators this may be a precomputed kernel matrix or a
list of generic objects instead with shape `(n_samples, n_samples_fitted)`,
where `n_samples_fitted` is the number of samples used in the fitting for the
estimator.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True values for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
\\(R^2\\) of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

#### Notes

The \\(R^2\\) score used when calling `score` on a regressor uses
`multioutput='uniform_average'` from version 0.23 to keep consistent with
default value of `r2_score`. This influences the `score` method of all the
multioutput regressors (except for `MultiOutputRegressor`).

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.gaussian_process.GaussianProcessRegressor`

![Comparison of kernel ridge and Gaussian process
regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of kernel ridge and Gaussian process regression

![Illustration of prior and posterior Gaussian process for different
kernels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Illustration of prior and posterior Gaussian process for different kernels

![Gaussian process regression \(GPR\) with noise-level
estimation](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gaussian process regression (GPR) with noise-level estimation

![Gaussian Processes regression: basic introductory
example](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gaussian Processes regression: basic introductory example

![Gaussian process regression \(GPR\) on Mauna Loa CO2
data.](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gaussian process regression (GPR) on Mauna Loa CO2 data.

![Gaussian processes on discrete data
structures](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gaussian processes on discrete data structures

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.gaussian_process.GaussianProcessRegressor.html

