# sklearn.metrics.roc_curve

`sklearn.metrics.roc_curve(y_true, y_score, *, pos_label=None,
sample_weight=None, drop_intermediate=True)` [source]

    
Compute Receiver operating characteristic (ROC).

Note: this implementation is restricted to the binary classification task.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`y_truendarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
True binary labels. If labels are not either {-1, 1} or {0, 1}, then pos_label
should be explicitly given.

`y_scorendarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target scores, can either be probability estimates of the positive class,
confidence values, or non-thresholded measure of decisions (as returned by
“decision_function” on some classifiers).

`pos_labelint or str, default=None`

    
The label of the positive class. When `pos_label=None`, if `y_true` is in {-1,
1} or {0, 1}, `pos_label` is set to 1, otherwise an error will be raised.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

`drop_intermediatebool, default=True`

    
Whether to drop some suboptimal thresholds which would not appear on a plotted
ROC curve. This is useful in order to create lighter ROC curves.

New in version 0.17: parameter drop_intermediate.

Returns

    
`fprndarray of shape (>2,)`

    
Increasing false positive rates such that element i is the false positive rate
of predictions with score >= `thresholds[i]`.

`tprndarray of shape (>2,)`

    
Increasing true positive rates such that element `i` is the true positive rate
of predictions with score >= `thresholds[i]`.

`thresholdsndarray of shape = (n_thresholds,)`

    
Decreasing thresholds on the decision function used to compute fpr and tpr.
`thresholds[0]` represents no instances being predicted and is arbitrarily set
to `max(y_score) + 1`.

See also

`plot_roc_curve`

    
Plot Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve.

`RocCurveDisplay`

    
ROC Curve visualization.

`det_curve`

    
Compute error rates for different probability thresholds.

`roc_auc_score`

    
Compute the area under the ROC curve.

#### Notes

Since the thresholds are sorted from low to high values, they are reversed
upon returning them to ensure they correspond to both `fpr` and `tpr`, which
are sorted in reversed order during their calculation.

#### References

`1`

    
Wikipedia entry for the Receiver operating characteristic

`2`

    
Fawcett T. An introduction to ROC analysis[J]. Pattern Recognition Letters,
2006, 27(8):861-874.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn import metrics
    >>> y = np.array([1, 1, 2, 2])
    >>> scores = np.array([0.1, 0.4, 0.35, 0.8])
    >>> fpr, tpr, thresholds = metrics.roc_curve(y, scores, pos_label=2)
    >>> fpr
    array([0. , 0. , 0.5, 0.5, 1. ])
    >>> tpr
    array([0. , 0.5, 0.5, 1. , 1. ])
    >>> thresholds
    array([1.8 , 0.8 , 0.4 , 0.35, 0.1 ])
    
## Examples using `sklearn.metrics.roc_curve`

![Feature transformations with ensembles of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature transformations with ensembles of trees

![Species distribution
modeling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Species distribution modeling

![Visualizations with Display
Objects](data:image/png;base64,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)

Visualizations with Display Objects

![Detection error tradeoff \(DET\)
curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Detection error tradeoff (DET) curve

![Receiver Operating Characteristic
\(ROC\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.roc_curve.html

