# sklearn.manifold.spectral_embedding

`sklearn.manifold.spectral_embedding(adjacency, *, n_components=8,
eigen_solver=None, random_state=None, eigen_tol=0.0, norm_laplacian=True,
drop_first=True)` [source]

    
Project the sample on the first eigenvectors of the graph Laplacian.

The adjacency matrix is used to compute a normalized graph Laplacian whose
spectrum (especially the eigenvectors associated to the smallest eigenvalues)
has an interpretation in terms of minimal number of cuts necessary to split
the graph into comparably sized components.

This embedding can also ‘work’ even if the `adjacency` variable is not
strictly the adjacency matrix of a graph but more generally an affinity or
similarity matrix between samples (for instance the heat kernel of a euclidean
distance matrix or a k-NN matrix).

However care must taken to always make the affinity matrix symmetric so that
the eigenvector decomposition works as expected.

Note : Laplacian Eigenmaps is the actual algorithm implemented here.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`adjacency{array-like, sparse graph} of shape (n_samples, n_samples)`

    
The adjacency matrix of the graph to embed.

`n_componentsint, default=8`

    
The dimension of the projection subspace.

`eigen_solver{‘arpack’, ‘lobpcg’, ‘amg’}, default=None`

    
The eigenvalue decomposition strategy to use. AMG requires pyamg to be
installed. It can be faster on very large, sparse problems, but may also lead
to instabilities. If None, then `'arpack'` is used.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Determines the random number generator used for the initialization of the
lobpcg eigenvectors decomposition when `solver` == ‘amg’. Pass an int for
reproducible results across multiple function calls. See :term: `Glossary
<random_state>`.

`eigen_tolfloat, default=0.0`

    
Stopping criterion for eigendecomposition of the Laplacian matrix when using
arpack eigen_solver.

`norm_laplacianbool, default=True`

    
If True, then compute normalized Laplacian.

`drop_firstbool, default=True`

    
Whether to drop the first eigenvector. For spectral embedding, this should be
True as the first eigenvector should be constant vector for connected graph,
but for spectral clustering, this should be kept as False to retain the first
eigenvector.

Returns

    
`embeddingndarray of shape (n_samples, n_components)`

    
The reduced samples.

#### Notes

Spectral Embedding (Laplacian Eigenmaps) is most useful when the graph has one
connected component. If there graph has many components, the first few
eigenvectors will simply uncover the connected components of the graph.

#### References

  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LOBPCG
  * Toward the Optimal Preconditioned Eigensolver: Locally Optimal Block Preconditioned Conjugate Gradient Method Andrew V. Knyazev https://doi.org/10.1137%2FS1064827500366124

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.manifold.spectral_embedding.html

