# sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler

`class sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler(*, copy=True, with_mean=True,
with_std=True)` [source]

    
Standardize features by removing the mean and scaling to unit variance

The standard score of a sample `x` is calculated as:

z = (x - u) / s

where `u` is the mean of the training samples or zero if `with_mean=False`,
and `s` is the standard deviation of the training samples or one if
`with_std=False`.

Centering and scaling happen independently on each feature by computing the
relevant statistics on the samples in the training set. Mean and standard
deviation are then stored to be used on later data using `transform`.

Standardization of a dataset is a common requirement for many machine learning
estimators: they might behave badly if the individual features do not more or
less look like standard normally distributed data (e.g. Gaussian with 0 mean
and unit variance).

For instance many elements used in the objective function of a learning
algorithm (such as the RBF kernel of Support Vector Machines or the L1 and L2
regularizers of linear models) assume that all features are centered around 0
and have variance in the same order. If a feature has a variance that is
orders of magnitude larger that others, it might dominate the objective
function and make the estimator unable to learn from other features correctly
as expected.

This scaler can also be applied to sparse CSR or CSC matrices by passing
`with_mean=False` to avoid breaking the sparsity structure of the data.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`copybool, default=True`

    
If False, try to avoid a copy and do inplace scaling instead. This is not
guaranteed to always work inplace; e.g. if the data is not a NumPy array or
scipy.sparse CSR matrix, a copy may still be returned.

`with_meanbool, default=True`

    
If True, center the data before scaling. This does not work (and will raise an
exception) when attempted on sparse matrices, because centering them entails
building a dense matrix which in common use cases is likely to be too large to
fit in memory.

`with_stdbool, default=True`

    
If True, scale the data to unit variance (or equivalently, unit standard
deviation).

Attributes

    
`scale_ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None`

    
Per feature relative scaling of the data to achieve zero mean and unit
variance. Generally this is calculated using `np.sqrt(var_)`. If a variance is
zero, we can’t achieve unit variance, and the data is left as-is, giving a
scaling factor of 1. `scale_` is equal to `None` when `with_std=False`.

New in version 0.17: scale_

`mean_ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None`

    
The mean value for each feature in the training set. Equal to `None` when
`with_mean=False`.

`var_ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None`

    
The variance for each feature in the training set. Used to compute `scale_`.
Equal to `None` when `with_std=False`.

`n_samples_seen_int or ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The number of samples processed by the estimator for each feature. If there
are no missing samples, the `n_samples_seen` will be an integer, otherwise it
will be an array of dtype int. If `sample_weights` are used it will be a float
(if no missing data) or an array of dtype float that sums the weights seen so
far. Will be reset on new calls to fit, but increments across `partial_fit`
calls.

See also

`scale`

    
Equivalent function without the estimator API.

`PCA`

    
Further removes the linear correlation across features with ‘whiten=True’.

#### Notes

NaNs are treated as missing values: disregarded in fit, and maintained in
transform.

We use a biased estimator for the standard deviation, equivalent to
`numpy.std(x, ddof=0)`. Note that the choice of `ddof` is unlikely to affect
model performance.

For a comparison of the different scalers, transformers, and normalizers, see
examples/preprocessing/plot_all_scaling.py.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    >>> data = [[0, 0], [0, 0], [1, 1], [1, 1]]
    >>> scaler = StandardScaler()
    >>> print(scaler.fit(data))
    StandardScaler()
    >>> print(scaler.mean_)
    [0.5 0.5]
    >>> print(scaler.transform(data))
    [[-1. -1.]
     [-1. -1.]
     [ 1.  1.]
     [ 1.  1.]]
    >>> print(scaler.transform([[2, 2]]))
    [[3. 3.]]
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Compute the mean and std to be used for later scaling.  
---|---  
`fit_transform`(X[, y]) | Fit to data, then transform it.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`inverse_transform`(X[, copy]) | Scale back the data to the original representation  
`partial_fit`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Online computation of mean and std on X for later scaling.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`transform`(X[, copy]) | Perform standardization by centering and scaling  
`fit(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Compute the mean and std to be used for later scaling.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to compute the mean and standard deviation used for later
scaling along the features axis.

`yNone`

    
Ignored.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Individual weights for each sample.

New in version 0.24: parameter sample_weight support to StandardScaler.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Fitted scaler.

`fit_transform(X, y=None, **fit_params)` [source]

    
Fit to data, then transform it.

Fits transformer to `X` and `y` with optional parameters `fit_params` and
returns a transformed version of `X`.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs), default=None`

    
Target values (None for unsupervised transformations).

`**fit_paramsdict`

    
Additional fit parameters.

Returns

    
`X_newndarray array of shape (n_samples, n_features_new)`

    
Transformed array.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`inverse_transform(X, copy=None)` [source]

    
Scale back the data to the original representation

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to scale along the features axis.

`copybool, default=None`

    
Copy the input X or not.

Returns

    
`X_tr{ndarray, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Transformed array.

`partial_fit(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Online computation of mean and std on X for later scaling.

All of X is processed as a single batch. This is intended for cases when `fit`
is not feasible due to very large number of `n_samples` or because X is read
from a continuous stream.

The algorithm for incremental mean and std is given in Equation 1.5a,b in
Chan, Tony F., Gene H. Golub, and Randall J. LeVeque. “Algorithms for
computing the sample variance: Analysis and recommendations.” The American
Statistician 37.3 (1983): 242-247:

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to compute the mean and standard deviation used for later
scaling along the features axis.

`yNone`

    
Ignored.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Individual weights for each sample.

New in version 0.24: parameter sample_weight support to StandardScaler.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Fitted scaler.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`transform(X, copy=None)` [source]

    
Perform standardization by centering and scaling

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data used to scale along the features axis.

`copybool, default=None`

    
Copy the input X or not.

Returns

    
`X_tr{ndarray, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Transformed array.

## Examples using `sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.23](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.23

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAABDlBMVEX///+ioqKnp6fj4+Ps7OxpaWnm5ub+//++vr6Kior5+fn+/v77+/v6jvGTk5O2trb8/f37rWj7pVn6zKP9jivy8vL19fWXwNxJkcJVVVVdXV3/jyysrKxubm7/z6Xv7+/p6enc3Nz6+vpZWVmEhITDw8Pg4ODU1NTKysphYWHY2NjHx8dkZGSamppnZ2d3d3d0dHS7u7vR0dGPj49xcXFra2tNTU1DQ0OxsbGAgIDNzc17e3uXl5f39/elpaWHh4efn5+0tLQ6Ojq5ubn/hBgxMTGSkpL6wYz/5c9EjsL9lTr/9ev/3L6dxN//+vQjIyP9olGUvtuwz+R1q9D9yp0sf7nE2+u/qI/jxahPj7p/St3EAAAU3ElEQVR42uzdbZOi2BkG4EdFWsSy2WQhC5EIIiIIYouK+Io4djZbSTofNm///48EWydVu1PTO1vZ1ie1911TLYLjB67iPOeAB4gQBEEQBEHeI0owHIrnhdrQUy7vA+UX+m67i/37s2OdxvWiQRQtZkYokBU6EyP5hUSWAfbvz46YipQZ5J5s6oUzqs+3tA1a5YbWsn1QRgFph5bXWFYOXWodBHLLla//z23vBPLaFZWCp8dICDYubZerzYEoyDcrouMwX7kDmm4ij7Rqe0ra43DTwP7+AhCL4pjWs3J5VQTF6rq+ZTrRRp1vqFaomxfpYOQUFGqk5/7+vDlKN8/BqkhMZxu9tGdFv11M1RcnStt0rFQcl9I08oxlkObRcWvUk9TtvoyjFCJf0GQ5TiHS+Lybaye3sK/rp4Va/jWjUkyLdKJHnaS1UnQGh1O5QX2FMyVS0lGuk/bi0eRZOw1pmG692CwySqtE/qOXVsXSuUdJXSg8SjLs8J8ESd1RuqHEKZcfUys9Xte76fmvmZcf0DaTkiBdLYbqyTfNrAQRTueOgLEjWhwrY9JKx7WknQbl8TRYVOz1hBblweAvaZgt2qPyqzqGlQ4oirHDf7rJqtHoZA2KijVNI2qnK2HV6ZW7PK1YwVYai+2T1jbLD+4LXZH9Z6vmnRs0f12zhXwxeCrEKCStrEDxXjtltXVopSu7KEFKWWNpedpmMSgeB/qmW4KcZZG3I4QiyZMKeXXD2Mmk7HwjPMjngmI4a1WYG/tQq0rl++DUKfliw89fD6yZMw+ae905UiejrVGjdq4VmeHXqKqb8TOZI6K1G4yN0KWGo/c1YSxSJ8EO//LIH0cmP1ghf+ZTn2x4bcfkz34rcvtoEgaCCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIL8aiI2kLcj3Bbk2U8k5PNJ9N1tQdr4Iebbqd4a5BH7/M1UAAIQBCAAuaY7rb2+DlYaQDiAHHTj/OI65mQLkNc8fJobgrQ8//wybpA/JJK3zYQ/yD9+95751x8/yffKDWvIK4hi2LReEglxvXhiD/LN3795v/z7w9ff/Th/a90QJDiDyEZAk/O0JoWe+R8hf/rLO375Xz/8+a5NlnpYDIQlSf2hXvt/qSHvDUJvebw3iBs6a09qqf15gwByBcE4BCAAAQhAAAIQgAAEIAABCEAAAhCAAAQgAPnfQR4Y5l1BZNYg3/6WY7J//uH98j1jkIeHrz58zTC/f9d89y3fI+Thq98oHHPXCnZnkAdCAAIQgAAEIAABCEC+MIqqygBhA9KtzA1jXtUAwgQk2niiOG13AMIERPnBC0B4FHVtgxrCBUSt5Hku6QDhAmKfkufnDCBsQITz89HQZDGqIa3zIEQGCEbqAPmCiPbrsWIFGkDuBiIr9PGy28Ex2uXLkzGrCwC5F4ibUaN/GR06U00fEK0r5Fye9rgByO1BNPH873VMoqs0HhKtFs68bLO2I9c8AuTGIKPOctnpjC40epfC8tDIdrW6W/pEyeIJIDcG2cVZPyvbqNfUqyu91pDrFcs4osm6Wy+rUdteHz5nm+FIyBR7Nm43UdTvBKLsF5KXYRzCBkQ1R4k2BggbkGbcnyR7gPCpIYNY33cBwqioj6oeAYRPUc/8TM8BwgZk68tUQ1FnAzJY1TerTAIIF5B2GPpjIwEIo6JOmrYFCB+QJz1NMVJnVNTHUbZEk8UHRJ2tJtMQIHyarKPQ15cA4QKidTVVtVDU2YAkumEYDk4usgHpiucIAOE0Dnlj2AgQgPzqQbSOJ4gAYQOi7HXJxkid0cDQHCUqTr/zAenF2UTC6XdGNUSMnT6uqTM6QioBelmcQOSKP95hYMhqHOIWC4DwAXEzvz8FCBuQlvSooYbwAZlqT4/LjgsQLiAHNVmv4x1A+DRZ531+AAgXkNbUGdRc//que+n/KmJXBsh9QAT9xTD861RC13Hy87q1KakAudMRsvU0rXkdIxqj7vmZq8m6cT0fjzmGNwepdCeGYVyuqX+cFq3re6MUaXpejGnRtwbpKlZNtC8nF7UzyIposaR4WW6SshTTom/ey+rtttHH6ejh0tYHK9pLgu+iyboTiDq3xq55WfbGxpM16XVjH9Oi7wbSrJvPovmjlQrGIXcDoSBXRZw6YQRiSbMNfkrKqKiPN27WBwifom4QiZiOwKjJ6psbIwcIGxBtGOWfq+kAuT2INk8XNgGEDUgwlzttgPAB8UKvMp/aAOECYhn10PAxC5dRL+s1MkCYgOyqg17T3i1lgPAAqW1CxwkjC0cImyZLsSz0stjVEIAABCCfyfYxUDEdgQ+Isl8kuJEyIxDVHCZaHSBsQJqxFG9wrxNGNWRgLtYqQPjUkAPJhPtlsQFpuoupd/QBwgVECE/j8bgBED5F3VZ6CgaGjIr6yF8U+BkQH5DtuL2uotvLaWC4igPcDYhRt3cprhcdgPCpIWWCIUC4gMhLY/fotAHCBUR0Ni/9Abq9bEC8jMb/PZOlHDuX5dEKIHcCsdO4mM2i6/6fZ7PWWamYAOROINvGsXF8vBT1ll4jxyPqrp/PV6xatVoGkLv0sq7p6irVRyTvj4e1TCRkE0yLvitIU7fI8Ehx/PR0eaA3pkXfA8RSe73LUpblYa3d3GoVU0ENuRdIJ217+WVRiyRR3ZU6QQNF/V4g2nyZdOcYh/ABMTuSOwEInyarsSgcDyBsQBRbsJo4dcIIZBJWbIBw6vYGmzQGCB8QrZHpOP3OqMmaxQ0VTRYbELXnCYKF6QhsQCrd2DF0PGGHDci2t1LVLp6OwGikXo7SuyZAuIAIxksY6riTAxsQeZXbtoheFhuQp22eJBJ+KMcGZKgddtUOpiPwKerylFZZDSBsQNRZd7xfA4RPtzfcrQVcMeQDQtXQDiKA8AEhtzNFt5cPiCL5mY5uL6OibihUw52t+YD0wqotoZfFqIbYcZjheggbECVfTLqEos4GpOaM1jlA+IB4axr1FQUgXEDsdKynuLM1H5BW4AWBNwAIo5H6GwEIQACirETt4y/lho3z89rEhrsFyL1A5E2aBNeinvuTddnhivZx3APInUDUeSNRL7eJVXSbnOD8nM/ef9g78yZFkSyAP4Fi8QjlH5hNAgIROQVBBOUoUIstZyc2Yrtn5vt/l0nQ3i67tyfQ6FKrihdRoQWZJOaPfEderMb4Q5Y3LZCrA8nDx4Q49GUdl0VjcauGQmXSU7ss+vo2JBDW0WEeUI4osKqxESLkWxtyMyAcRXPH+veWsUB2+tu1qbc25FZABpGqPh+736lupsiP7DD0pnIL5GYthOOYds/FO3J7xzRdtnsu3pHKClXBarf4ux8gfIfn+23XyR21EJ/88ckWyNWByCZ6sqx2SdvdADESivzxApEWyNWB2AKDpV1jeD9Anjzfl9q5vXcDJPD+7mwL5OpAyKIFcl9uL7RAWiAtkPsHwg7emrDvGoisk29OqP77BdLTc/atyUTn3y8Qnn6D9mMst0CO9ibIz7y+8hrAqY8JZCbNh0bCQp5Rij/PbHwo9XoQCCQoG4BFAYY/T0628eQTqzhklVIQ1WgPs4xtW8jPATJYzTiDQgZoAr0SKbPqdUt2AF2nA6mAa2Q6XseHwzKNpZquMcwUlOKLIjMV+G5C5tCfK20LORPIH7//ciK//1Gf6c+zEQ/7KXhiqR4ZqTpQoR6ygQVQLIsv48/b0PPC6tVAjglLF190pZDPuihY+Hs2alvImUD+/O2fJ/Lbn4dTnOipNIlsxIvHVyjziAIRlSvTroG4/vEiaVmWo6qpWQEMq31WR1b4ZE9YCtmQiG0L+Tkqq88BIAZ8IYFgrQNPYZvuGH0nW4YJhWRIOsaaBK5atbrbD4fLysZk2340mlQTyBVE5TBBAfha20J+DhA2CaWIgvKTiX898sOqYt2tgq2HrMqu4+Nzruqf1rctOGHP9ECUhB0MQ2fKcg7VtpCf5GXJioKd3MG4cpPGdp1uvJGr+qUGQNp5fXj8TR58OKfwx7j6rgMwnTYOec3AkDvXieUGbRzSRuotkCtL20LaFnKfQHpneUwyf+q10SzoNH3yChv53K6xw5rMD9pCdsnmmxjCmJ9Mfc2XSfL93OQUh+yUOyX46WlImIsTTY13L5ly/hi4RwV4MQc6hoE4dU8nc2pJWafbbmxQlt0A7GzwcVvI3NVWAWiFAbK5KAegE+IcZHHE9kwt5rSSpdZaOu6NRA5Sc5fPCAUoMR5H6o5CS801puKEwccGi8KGWZGyAY3mdsBBldBORVypo031Iq4ljHGcmQqsJzFifMIW7dRqH91ss7NkjdityH7dQ3MNIHZQ+4d6yl8dyL+/k8MpyZ09a+yWsOz02bUKGe0tYRJNpaX8tPGRK4jcSgv4bphI7MradbJibkj7juJbjFsvZU1EqugIdBERDCMQsYx0NVJUO/YKh/RXHfnQV5kxoUypGMiDsT6qs3guSXMCf1m6IFYrmlQDVjgpIBseh9cBQgjzDVYHmir5+bWBfP7XN/L5cCqyBDXHamTdCQRgvJEPmoW/yche8fYKyox7yro2okAlBQ1WVrKOPazCXBeS6QEIWyRPpSjEuYYImVP5LgGCoTo4YVbHi5IGukr7I7kCEjHoi802sFQtNxOhrPrLRNV7Fqu+5AkQyVWAsMiuVkbDnIFqxUg/7y1PgHx+TSD//c+3cjgVzsA3SsuIHoOoAuL9D4jAGw4GIqt53d+okk4AiFAUfsJYhPsIhVB3vewIyRYKMDZz0B8RrfKbAgMRRJwwqVWTV4K7fkAPORpDGeprbF8qPRFHYRhVBmi4hCKpjT9tabCtZha6y6sAOS6LZgUFMnyrlPdwsiz6119fE8iP1qhEDJTRQu2sh6kDC0lGQ0GtVRaFeAxm51P4rvubMAlZNQXRKR7tDtZPpVDyc7+YGkm8E4pngnGXkvnoCjTip1usdWKn2I+z2uCLywnWQj1kD8OOUMJS2O5PHAEb7VHAeXy6TfwJ8WkrUoe+ytcHwmOrhp+yvmCDX/kVLOxfDiP84/UmnfyNUQ8o6GkTLU51OYVxgI26GRyNOsvhI0bPnGBXuDLqJq4hs2D4tGDYQRlDryxmrE33F7uUJsWYo2KRZs2BTYKJExeLXq2RQPbHGott9xg0ohroMovy9KVcNvYoco2liV0OAVEUFOn1rmNDQpdRyRi6UxOR39mQV30UbhoY6tx56fsUeaU4hM6kgOoOuGn0f94W/X6BvNFIvQXygYAMdDl/a8Lp+fsFAjn99qSyPO8WyFuVFsgHB7IsZOqrcNT5IlNXysTdoiB537kukFh4+CrW08PZEq3V8zOp6+j8TE/W+TeHLirIefGPoN2wedLRBZk84/w8hndBQRF5fh5tc0FBDncv+pKULsiUXQIku6Ag6Xwgfa17QUEPdwOETy/IZMgXdHJeABFS/oLQzr6koEnry7TSyp1Lvt1U+/Wz4jRonqm33VSrMoJl9wzNkE7FemSE7jafW8K73dqAaNNO8/kjWlLHWObG5c64ufJQG139xkC6XiHg+y7mImpuO/c+oWILsotFtXHlKih2qtGhSfbc3JAkydbCFoSRGLOxIQlQXM1c0BGTJI0LYvx6mL6b1bVxQ2GRDvMZVH9e3NiHUW04duOjxg8UkYBWedfFNmoMpIfG9XbDoeMXjefwDvcgYu+atLTuY/OKmFWOZq6SIKQ3BVINWYcLAMuAbqd5PdHgVbM0YNrcu3T3kDpYNzi6UI3iNXPKjhtyrzNFbRynTQtYSNWbgCUUN68IrQLCqWOItJsCqR52Cz8TDwyEzXu3VAMcfN/9/RnhF35qyxD/cGH+SWqqfgZYjeKywBpB1nihlNutZy6MQrDRGS0krJ40VanLu6Vs51OJzvJSWArNbW3hbB7GGb9/7oiNgxFaXaoagat1IDR3H4ZR4pMZywiPQmPdqKhLFLiMgtyw+fMShE+xMa1rI78tkD4jyj1tAjPinKE9nGmgTWZi0RwIkIQJRr32ubnZZEuR57GGM4kznB+lMCDQQSHK5oFeUBA7elbXRut5t9JKK6208lGFZesOEfIb9/1lqGFWplxewI9TfJGxeXq8viq7ODG0x5LY8os7xDIvzsvmx8ahrxyn9mIXJ69hSFfz+dduLl1Ol5CfdnuJq7k/PlThi0GrTckJjvU1npN13v+rvavpVRSGovdpMYwS7aZNIDSAiEBBQKF9KvD8mOh2/v+/mRZnJpn1zE5OAgn9uIt76GnvDS0W8L9WovvXb7Xm8jcN8/BlGrWSAzGmb03IQQXfpGYf2GTWTixx0FY69fDdwLUKb1gEK9aiY9I+yvgadEBrklStXsI+O2A1TJoLMX8UiX8azg3w896XNPtES+Nrwcsm4e5K1V6DJ4GPw69GZgNuc/EsuREZbE9VhlNONTmUhyqqX17fmpD4c/Ocns9OFlWx5IGXH/dShRl7QS5NucvsWGacntxVgWLHs/0hcfKhTzbp5ObhwiE+1UgG1JhEOrd5LsC3iSk7FjtR1W39faNqSRiUq97eNl+RnA2ExPHpGzy+THtmuJGc5tvbKwTUWbnv1XsTYkdJULK7mzWkYsfgIZijlCh6GE0QIjCSrliSzTGqgKewuX1zo0dTNJYipLmFM6sW0iA29u9MpEp3EgPQPS2iag+7Z5SfArOiNsXp1mzNktwLFgaakHktbANLBMXtLljKcz6nfwiJxNtL1q6i4SQTa8Ll3uYYYT1CVJ2TUTums3xycZWXuAPn0PHOoTfstV12cNxw6S1z5fLePmCkwmqeY99Wvr08rfKLep2hCJEEOwF1HLO3z4Nts9pK75ri+9kLz3aMEXU4eaV9dIJtsnnvEcIWcLArqaaJacFK7+iIjXr/TT1Rm6GzJCdWBPURhW0iAH+WgJep0OfR73ZA0wMz8gbaNDFVN6V0vQhQOlcLqTxtyFUUt6jFZZqwAE6fBPapaBVbUUsNkVdYsrCDle4opoNkkfYhV4syemtCsNYKgvo1pgs0W+vNYbrEGiTEU+JF1HO/BjpbqyKql0vI1/e58ju15n7fg6WakOF7WjDdxdCz9y11eWD1sJ5RimHQpFcjZXvo1g/DQtuneKjGPvKJX8/HUOQ/gv6rgXU/OnHEiBEjRowY8a/4CaQOpcqDdXWRAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Classifier
comparison](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier comparison

![Demo of DBSCAN clustering
algorithm](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo of DBSCAN clustering algorithm

![Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different hierarchical linkage methods on toy datasets

![A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits data

![Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets

![Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares Regression

![Factor Analysis \(with rotation\) to visualize
patterns](data:image/png;base64,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)

Factor Analysis (with rotation) to visualize patterns

![Combine predictors using
stacking](data:image/png;base64,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)

Combine predictors using stacking

![Prediction
Latency](data:image/png;base64,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)

Prediction Latency

![MNIST classification using multinomial logistic +
L1](data:image/png;base64,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)

MNIST classification using multinomial logistic + L1

![L1 Penalty and Sparsity in Logistic
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

L1 Penalty and Sparsity in Logistic Regression

![Poisson regression and non-normal
loss](data:image/png;base64,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)

Poisson regression and non-normal loss

![Tweedie regression on insurance
claims](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tweedie regression on insurance claims

![Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear
models](data:image/png;base64,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)

Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear models

![Visualizations with Display
Objects](data:image/png;base64,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)

Visualizations with Display Objects

![Advanced Plotting With Partial
Dependence](data:image/png;base64,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)

Advanced Plotting With Partial Dependence

![Detection error tradeoff \(DET\)
curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Detection error tradeoff (DET) curve

![Comparing Nearest Neighbors with and without Neighborhood Components
Analysis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing Nearest Neighbors with and without Neighborhood Components Analysis

![Dimensionality Reduction with Neighborhood Components
Analysis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dimensionality Reduction with Neighborhood Components Analysis

![Varying regularization in Multi-layer
Perceptron](data:image/png;base64,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)

Varying regularization in Multi-layer Perceptron

![Column Transformer with Mixed
Types](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEW55vT////95r3///+55vT95r265vT///+55vT95b255vT95r7////95r395r245fT+//+55vT95rz///395bu35fT//v3+//+15fP95bz95Lj///+35fS45vP95LX///795r3//v3///795br95bv94rKx4/L95bv+//7947a45vS15fO05PP////95bq05PP95bu35vO25fP95bz95bqv4vK05POw4/L95bm45vT95Lf7/f/95Lb7/f395br9/v645vT+5LW05PP947b95byx4/Oz5PO35fT+/v795Lj94rKu4vL95r3//v255vT95br+/v675/T957/8/v+t4vG45fSo4PL//fv//v2r4fL+///w+v225fP947P+/fr95r2u4vL947X94a7+/v7/+e76/f2r4fGd2/DA6fX++/ak3vD95Lf+/v245vTi9fr/+/X958D/+/X94bH//Paj3vD1/P394q/94K7J7Pf97c7+4Kr+36v6/f/B6fX3/P3/+vL+/v395rzP7vf94a605PP6/f7+9eP+68j+6sf+6sX/+/Ty+v3/+/Tt+fz6/f7B6fXb8fni9fr93KC45vTS7/jq9/v9///z+/v//v7/8diZ2/Dj9fr/9ufB6fX+7dH1/P32/P7B6fXJ7fb/+O7w+v392Zv/9eT//PbX8fj95r7s+Pz//fn/6cDD6vX+7tP+7tH+7M3+9OP//Pf+7M285/T9/Pn7+/fW8fj/8tz/7M7+8NX+8tzo9/vz+v3j9frk9fvi9fv+9uf+7dD+7tX/9une9Prx+vz/89/K6/a05fTw+v3+7M3m9vvb8vni9Pv//Pb+6sX/+Ov/9uj/+vH/+/T/+vL+7Mzl9vvd8/nL7Pa45PT/8dn/9+p/0u3/9OPx+v3/+vH+9+nJ7Pb97c7L7fbx+vzL7fjg9Pr50I7+8NfM7ff+5r665vT/////57+75/X/6cG96vi86ff/577/6MC76Pa+6/r/6sH/7MK/7fu65/a55vS76Pf/7sT957665/UjcY7sAAAA63RSTlP++Pv89/j9/vv+9f31/e/f5+/l++LW4PvK87Ds2+d65PXY8s3Sc5De05/yt7HOysPa46vpu4ChiMPtqeuYnMbc0WS8i9abp8bCt2tx7PC8vrqxqvFk6kDr912xqtCBgLN2hl7Jt6NrJJ56TJG+lYSSlolYqVXRJ0uGSjpDilGwoJWidFJ6x9ByW2zlvL245Eg9th4tkKCpWLVlM5CZaYjalH5ganIxkrGj81/I/HBBslOKz6eKZEiZojGbfZh6eVDRw5M6TjL1tFpWxXxsZkbeh6+Bcdf2u8StsTdyqBha5shUpeK8h+PMFsLWJExLegAAIABJREFUeNrs23lQk2ceB/AkJCRBriAJRK5wRQhnCEKIHHIfggqVFJBDKGcBgcKCKJZLilbAA0G86q2A0LVqV13EXazOqnWtdf9wVy26ne7YmTfmTcIbkgXG7Bt3Z4uCA8L7On3p+51MGHiHeZ/Jh9/ze5/nfSG8wPOrCgH/CHAQPDgIDoIHB8FB8OAgOAgeHAQHwYOD4MFBcBA8OAgOggcHwUHw4CA4CB4cBA8OgoPgwUFwEDw4CA6CBwfBQd5ndPThJBGJRLPJgb9PSoIPEM2o728kr06ZBL8vnpwkOPrwASL1twFiWzKYXnO0Y93uh8+f//lVnj9//rB197qOmn+l1+Q06b+3kQSl1JWll5XUfp89NPTZ/zOU/X1tSUlZQXqX2W8DJGXXD3mPdt4+fKzYxyveJT4+3svLKyKfe+zwbXF73s19dcbvbSRr/vbllcpNVcHN90vrE+BkaJNQer95W9U3V37eUxC30EH0WUXrPr3Tnfxx8sqtvuERriEe5tpEenh4hLj6FPuuX5uc3H+w9c6nnQE5bmgOxDglIOdMy7PL3wZnZTmmFTqLolcLhYGB7nAChdEi58I0x+DGqoGhlvIzThYLGMRmzcmdtzbme60yZxrxE/0YPD1teDz4xfBLtOJbroh08covPnZ8Z/vNOjQn8I/2VX5zTlsXGavdw0xNBLGGbDa7p4fN5sBfDWMFJqaeDsKM+tLm6uEAJ/0FCmLndmdHR0PyynAXpp+e7phCDkfxejRkBn+FRwR3fbJYvKGpaY2bHfLDoLKKis4/OXeqKibTOdrdU8AxgFSQDM6rN21UcCA6xdA0UJSZFXw6u+Usa0GCOG04vjE/PiSV76dH05VowMnRgBr4BUoINLIew8oyNcTn4sZrt3adDEJhHAF/qH787X3/JYFhprFsDskAkE4XgE6iGArChBkJ15v3ly84kOW2tm07+pN9XZl+uvJRuUKpVZC8Hi2RckIhHx1V0hhGkT5bKw7c2tFmG4TgHE5k2QZ992DTppjCaAcB56VKrVbJIO3HPwK8lhH4RxAkU6sBjqnQ2THr0OcsWxZxIYF09v71Ure2Ong0UKFQwh4ayTTRkijh4+M0vURLc9fii5c29H7dhWAPSx9+fPp6qPNqBxNDisGIdp6Cpmj8QgIfpnMEnoEZCZcHhtNtFgwIVb9tMO/Aei8jmlIxMaUwps24Zkw5zjNaVZx7oL3GIgmZ/m5mV3SjsjEtISyWBEEQ8BKYOSOwCvTSUFjYuOdGS9ziBQJC7Bw8nrzMlcnTdnHlrEA0SrjnS8h8c69luQ1Xi3SQWQbWPtju6O/tabgIUqlkUmB2ICqVmmQi9I/ZdqIkaGGAUNtOPlrrlcrQJczKYvIMNk7zY7psTb4aR4Uzv0HAidoe7OxuQqGPzMril0iBl5Sl3pmbq89QqQsAxG7H1YbccCZDd5bFMckDrhICz9KV++PD1oDO+a3fz9Y+GfpLqbN9LEmm7ePvBiKVQRQTb+uYr8ptFwBI0LXbXA8+GSRI5pRxMo8fmd8v7v1oXlsEZV9+UpgRFssxoANzS1+sgyhmWznmQSyKOvpXulrR5KPgnDxAuO/QjFy4aw93NM25RohO2QNZ1iJ7tnbFJ50Lh1SllvbYh8Z81eWEcZCm3i3cVXB9aObmAbd3DUigMSw9fPobouY6iA9Pbw/NgBcei4CRkTkWCHwV3GdoL4qpLtHBMAjVxu3ozgq4PhQKyTwCykcJDHPf/r8HLZ/D4kwnjvXsC0eRCQlSz606/hdIRe9xsN78uMhWH7sgnfu2rPex1FWC4HxANPBCkuaX6pK/t3UOs5b++UPXEwJNKfAV7Hw8APjX+2K9M7fdKGBhF+RontiHyRuVS+YbpVxJsIpY1t0UxDJ+l7tGcTZBTtn3Q+05ECQD5hupepGJd8yeYVvs9pB1W1ZGMmhy5bxBtJtcesyQ+O4NvTXvUiUpX584fSEjUPBSBS/N5w0ik1KW+jcOfIhVEDP91osRVhoNKEEiGgLNL5Jb8cO9KOIs+yqVaFGw55T1kqUUOoBIpADEEYZe/hy9e+2ogphFdXSvYuoplBJkQDQKGj/Et2LL3bpZTuI6KenDVY4iBzYEjSAjAsjoJsILh8ptMAnywcHbXCMyYUwjQSighMBjeq1s35Uyy73dE5WNpUIBiS4FkIoUMDDMCN5/FoMgOnZBB9eGM0aVIHIgoFzJs/SpEJ/McZt50jDuKju3OS1QQFJBCIJI1UCgY3NLHBFzIPqsqO5iD/IoKEE0umTLiPWPbtbN3Ebc9lV+Uig07KOPAEhGJfWsv56N1pMPKIJYpFy95GJJQxgElP9bj+kjbj868wDO36h0XC2A1FKEQWQCYcLpACfMgQQNbuGuYBAUyBaIRKmgMcyXHW6deQCsL2JEJhRABiAbGcQxzQgePoM9kLviYisaAeEZC+4jGk2iS/7uthnmjCSbZxfqHUjQiBRhEAgy6BFmVZdjDuSDvbmuekjXx38vf8lWqfkbdszw93DourenoQHSHK9I+sLStj/DGIhZ3JFurvn4KAogkvFxhV/42oMsu7c3dmJc9nZr+0UjABqRqQWi0qE4fSqWQGxrrhW7GIGogEiUo2QP7rHBnLfuoVCLygYyRaYqFUog7MD6gYIUIoZAqGt25fmuYIByVEDgJXti5NYDvW/d5NOpu9KYsLQHge2r6ffhKaYZVXsK9LFUIV0387h8MjiBDohyXJfPFd9te+vpn1TFuPcsgqTogMhIhsLGn7EFUnRPHOGnK1FKUIqCHLL10vK3FmiLtb9JHzr1ob0xQqc4BF8pwxRI1J8+dtUbQw9kVMOMuLQuatoukuTWddl5NVstQw0EMPB03FSWhKUe0nQ8OYSmkIBogcg1fqnFW3qbpr0pVVbt6G1KUUkBtESkkGladQmWQF40NeR6oAmi1NASfcT3pn3swa7glGMYB60O8gpEZRK6rRZTIL/buMycoJCgFo1ESfbIbTgy7ckPZfkL+gDUPIARqUrg3PwEUyBH9nJT0QSBu4iCWbz3jvGU/+gxs7C9HBrNQXpP8Q2QWFFmNrZAfvSxlKAKolBYrSpuGCyacleq5MT9BAeSGr0C0T42x44uHcIUyNN/uBppUAWZ0N6rErcHvHlmp39WOrrHkmQAuiBC0WeLMQRCffqTC38MVZAxJY3hUiHOmbJps39TqCmFDqEKIuO4L8EUyIunP4WgDAKCIG3FNDdGWA+CRWwpIEUbJAMHeRNkQsEP33jnzS1f1h8zhSQVDjIFxIWvUUpQzYQ80TX/oQXx9Ucrvvt9vQNdBQA4yJQegj4Izzy+u9Np8qOlxmtqL/yHvXsPaupKAwAeYkJueIMJIQgxSAgQQJIQIkF5GXlkCY9RQOUlL/EFFMFRQapi2UF3t9YnKBbUKrbaXd9vRXZbndFaX9WxVbeuOuNfIa+bmwQJkk1oowG100rOZS72/JlxvDPnx7nnnnO+7zsZFNmfIG8dIf1gQfpgAi+9/eZa68/Pvx46Ws1y0QAHoWNsUif97wEaIBAnedmCLutd1x3fdk7zIGpUwEFiZ2JshJjWIQbAryyjFgdRy9ueW4NU1K2KpstkyJ8gb4wQFECURi0v8rM91iApO0sERBXYb6xBkKiZ/8HUCNn9gA94pT4oAvuyv9huPYccfxQQ5aySaQCD6OkZjRgDeZbkgwZItrApzwqEdK+j2J+MBoigGmMgZyqpBhRA3EMrf7R+7t9OBM8YQAHExVtchqWoE8t5iBGsiBLmhPP/PQTkiDcF9JQ+uP0ezLiDLZB1qckQCiAEavpPq0st07pn5p37k6VogEQsScDWiWHKDbBn6pYPX0iUv3dTlyWhqeX0em8KEzSIRiFDKAWfYOtMvcIcdWJEAYRALf+51ZLitnZLvbcUDx5kAHNRJ+a4LKEI6gG/NCT4NC04ZQGJObdC4oJXgF6FIM5M/4TOQkzFZWXefFjpSkABBHKd8nC/5ZVVe7gmg+4IHgQvjSpZji2QitMPTwKL7bWKBsJBvCk5FhBSbV1J1EHgIIiKSJlXg7HIxdJT3SfTfVEBYX92yRLkW1uXEMskAwfR01mNOy/HYApkYu72M0lUow4wiLIH58te3PUK5OhfJhNloEFUvVJB4+ctYTQsgZBoG79ie9mDB+nJTvy4yhLi++X6AH88eBC9R2P1EzB3OABMaZu6qyiEAONAgyhFidesQVjOwEGQAa64GWspbYOV/YQinL0RMAjsLszaZQEp28lgyRAN2J2sATJxcsB67GXh+h1qm+JKsNcCBlFzkrJ2WRJFyjYUcBHAIIiMKJV88u18zIEEnf65PDkbgsEOEaOOwE99BfKP5uJAPeDjWxVykBvcuWUt1kBIcfs2tfOpBB1gkBdQaOrF1yDiwF7AIHokIkNcd7oFcyNkUunqbVOmO+iMQPezlCaQIiuQJZSXQCNONLJeFXfa7TWZnpgDkcvnbM9KFMFjDUTlGBtw/R6oPgMKYlfVVuQK4bRARV4Qhr+ygIIgGkd69KqjX2MSZELX1vJkEQQDBbGe1Eng5xCVhhk4rf50BSZBnHKfb+N7cdRAv3x1Dvzy119ZG4q5YL+y9LJAyTc/rPXDJAjJLs1cBBNWGtFdh4ALcVDI9Pgo8flbTjRMgpja6qtF+QRcnxI9kBkygCCIzDEiuOYHzJaJlcv3bF0WyiOoYXAg/Rzh3CFbJ2QFsL0shX7AhcXoxHAhZVJL6xeV4SKgIO7Cuc9fby4yWM4AQXqJM2Y2H8VyqfGJpdv3sql9wBYjyp6+4bu94LbfFRo93ZtxrCIIu8X45eaSDkXh7hCo3B1ljzF7KAjA8xCETAxckrAG6M1g4EHCuv61MF/UD+gsV4sbPDF0Q+PEEOklBgpu76ulYRskaG3VyiQfHDAQiMfOsTpTL4kCdqaOIFJB9YXCHU7YBplQOr+9PISjVIJ4aSlhHOQaufVVJbM151YI6M5ACskpEA2eW1xyLCUO4yOENC7sxuJEHwcghU+UsD2BWmQdKLdqnvnSSCDjAx+RkXA4xg7sxXlo3NLmFlN1UpgP6YCAQKL8k92Fljkk81TzPAoTCIheHyGpvrA0BXBnoQFCm7V7W3kSR20w2P54CoZ4yc8actMs5/g7/nuf5aIBMkLI/gXNZbOdxgCI6a2VV/UsPhsyGm0PQqCmb67ws2RqTPJ8cj8qAgCIgkwPFHQc8APeVyhdTjx19+aF092NSltvMyphh3D+j1NflTSm2d064k1R2Hq/V6FA8DOiTzzxdBojIKaW186mciCtzUE4IUNT2m6dCObavP4+IiN6eAd0eKLQT2iB0Bq2LkuictS2zalSGtWipL2brcvP3PtGzBqwbVq0QqEnewgYnY/DxhCIXcOVnCa+D4SzMYjWN7E9zzrX7/h1RizexiCyf7pEiWvOtY4lEFppzPc5c0N5BJ1aaUsQnGvkxxetM5m+3lkiIQ7YEgTplUn9C1ZdXprrNoZATBP7/Cttkem+BhvWP1FqcYT41JyGIaU1nq6IljrbMqlNoTrIaqxZfsoTlW5CD0Qe1HDjWmooz6GnX2mjQaKFoez0rCtDQS6vmhbItNV3lsL8fSX1F9c8XtRCG2sgdpNyb7Y1pbsSlLYC6dc5UPlXN300pNZJ62FxbIRCbysQDVnqH7xi+SI3J9JYA5HLPQtbr6YmUd171La5Sk+tc59eeakw03pS91u7qCOaq+i1zX6iXkWkCIoT1p/KRauPUAVxmpjZvWCuMJ6gg20SPKd+4Stc+enENOu/XSe34+fFsQO9tgh0MIEgHpKC+nNLPdPGJIhcPrXr5tWV/HweB+rRjtjEaITyI9u/G/6M2ccSoukjLjRumjwUZGYEV1DdXPc0U04aoyDjgjL3XFoXKYx3N7zQjTBeS9sHiUKW5eQNf0bcznoxl0lWjXRwvNQTKRIx41FhbekE9HoIZRDzrNuwf91JfrIrh2BaJY6EBO4TeSVe634jLSDu7mGGIBA/kmldo5A54pkRLEl186PCFjf0xsdogMwOS/nuYlYWO4TKwal16vecTZT98As1lb33Ym7c8AekpdR2FEiYL/Wq9yrHr1EgKn2viugRGxxQcqGsojSOhmb3oA9iXiNmdj9srwyJ93WAINx7ZoXiIMg9vWnlW6+rmLNmQzCFiH/fO9TJeDxRyo1qvL6ifukktPtmVEDkcTF78javTGWHevE49rDOPE76ftfWvNG0htHCap1OC4m8khb+9PdZb/3/j9853ygJZJL1vXq9CjEtJjS/Y2AozEPD1GRE6QxBMINxtmzNRxWkDwOERLOjbdzftrgpMZ0qIuC0yj9yUGIiMeAcePmJ5dvi3pErPs7uzoYCAdcFP2DqaM0fWZdrBvB0yuSZ4pLOui/Hj7cbL/8wQMwmTvP3V23f1hQpDPHy8eVAOC0Mw/39WnMzjZZhrc/8cz9sbkbI3TU/ObQycu+uT999XnTv8w5GcXSGPzeCSUZUpoaYm+LNhvzSzP9C48iUBrKivJcE3D574O7SoFHpl1EDkZNmuU2dFfNwwbIiNj/cREKwNxiM2l9b35sc2j6j0WAwQA6+8SGJU8pz2i7FzXr3C2VOWu3hzhrGkuhYiguR7DxgeichbzP59UeNbICMN3H4S4ILEuq37Aua4Dbb7gMD+WV2P9T9fdVXDxayhaHTk/Oprtnupnne1OztceaFn7HHgMPh7O1NvxA42Twfar5XeKhw4YMHZ6oOtcb89tdP6d2nj46dPXIiOFoQ68/iUiJcmHhHR0dnRzKZLBsMbiSTnZ0d8aYZnC6lcFmTMyTR06pPHDlw4fHlhrRR65LRBZFPCArzi9u4+1Jb2+K55f9n70yAmsqyMEwggRgwhC0hAcKWsIWwhR3CaghLWCUiEAXUgOyChEVWRbpAZVEUGkRAXAdbBBRbHG3LRkcUtdqlptHWGbXamu6CJhESscUx814iFDOMozbJKIG/QvHeTXFJ5Xt3Peee40Czs/ayZaqpqVlYIKAgFhAEFIGwsLBQ09Oik/zSneIjU5o7dtbUeJqR9f/3gGtkSDZE79jRs2VLdiDe1xwXamzKQCKxWAMDAxhIBgBhYIDFIpEMdRurAHNfonf5ltzuDTvQhmZkNGaxAhEvuYyKrl69PXjr4N5nD0JIJFJIiLU1XZvF8vLyYrG06XS6dUgIUPjzg2d787d13L7aZ/jxKzUMtWvgadNQ6/nTp/5qH2AfGurs4WFlbEwAZGxl5eEcah8QEGcfd/p8609NVwb6G9dPf6bFCuTdhkpMTFhaRQWHU33hZMqqnJzo6MjEoKD4+PigoMTIyOjo6ykpB/bd4LRxOBVpX8dUfEqHYvh1TJr/id7797/a0FpeWJ69zts7MJBIxOOJxEBv73XZ5XmFlT13ntzvPZEWFtPgr/O5v4svAojoqQSfSwyZ2lmfdPVhXV1tbXHx4OBgcXFxbW1d3cP6pKdsQ5V5Pbxu/sn9uf0DXV0FBQXd3ZWV3d0FBV1dA/25uV1rw1C/fSmS++2LEoocU9ZeRqVS2exYsdhsNnDb3t5gFjy/rkRFP42aSaWWlpZunhZwTaWWZbL9/w/+VgsUiPTHK/C30qxbpS/sQy4mIAtCS0CWgCxpCcgSkPkOv0ZoM7JYZp76OhBJ1oxCG85UrYNZAvJx62uzsr6nZ0Fd6UumpklwlaBCbig61Ciq+lLjxTCdJSDve3IhRihUVFRUsEj6u+4N5O4Bldt/Jbm0V1yqA7yvrx+s8KkMUPooN0ArQdVUP++sq096nAS86i9R28SlOjpuKJQORGEJyIwg6Jjke3d7Ws49ugbqXCueCCqQSBxqPX/q12vXHp1rOdpzN7mvj/qJVlWl9Yc7D198vv/CvuHh3bt3H9+bvz0oKCge+Ak6+C1YMjy878L+54cPl5F1loCAxsPVEIyGBupE1kBuYXYgPsE31d18qysuINTZQ7T5F4eL2GrunuqLJ3qX523Z88shtIaGBuRjnmYlDASCwWDY9Y/rVxVHJ8Y7mKTTHP3swkkh1nRtcMsy3M7PkZZu4rQ9KLK4ub6zxFNFA4OBfN6G8tmBoKlrMx9tuHz52nk8McEdBAGSINiYqlMoDApFXdPUhmAMgsG5mqf6rgn0bv318p3SrMz1H+ahw37eHlv9j+NBkfFOJjQ/S5IPuImspatqq8cEpCeyr9CtfXws7RxNHOLzh3/8sTp23/Mi/0UNxP/snsJK/KYIew+CjSYDC5MHBNqRliuLtVx8BVovkBRN0xXGoRGpVeW5/dQPV01uTFrVcXAjie6lq6rnYgGFv7N9zZK4CIpQ01PV0g4J33jmQHFSfRFkkQIxIh879uRRZV6grznOmaCJhC3nv3r1T0CvRAI9QCbFl+JS3ogyQMXUGeeOX7fu6JNdm/3f/815lpTc2H0yJ9HJ0YfFREDhcm9e/g7qpUgvRAKvfheXjsvBEUwtbZKfiUNOSsaNnSVh+kqLDogSOqugewhoGwRNCgNrAFMWm1ZnNAFq9r3I6CpvgAVNfPYRm7y77um/t/KG27UHN4bTtWyZagAOkUF4lpFeKNKsgtFROUU41EKNqadLD9+Yf6D2ZprK4gKiYtjbu6s129sXt4Ihz5/k8d45UH3A/1nsIMJfBqN4mBPzmo69J3JVTUVGbY4JSdcC/lrkqSIQfMDPiMsVCMbHXwCvUYStNS0+50Ash8NxW0RA0FlNracjcM42lD/JLxvjz7SBD3mzidvMyDIYVtPDNaEp2fO/1s6+dZJG0mIi4KNc0AFP+BFeX+/ai0CoCHVRZZHCn3277ebORQIkGI2OejK0bo2rMQU2MjnJH/tUH1zQx/DVJEzTtbxy89yTGxB98ncpDiy1qZcvBJ9+Vgt0jBxXVNP1oSVGDrvVeKIwsg8k7d5P507FBViZMmAjYAc09kcObwB/BzNOrfrbobA5ja+oscPBkil480d4AC0F6LteK1rYsnwsHwxn3GwPlnUgq4MztxSuwZnC3o7NL1rl5CTSw/dI7pz5r9mlx9HhqvCX8zgPBFARTMm50NOjm29xVBRkG8iJliGib8AKrHgYn8fBM94kTB2XNzeximFns4OWhXA+5+G5r8eBWTHclk7bvn1/LEqmgQS3VK4JNcUul8QJ2RF5Ar5qw5wlSEakndro/JO+CkenoHosWuQ2jgwDgZy4830CThMYy/nzjrUwMcGb1HT/YU5yrpXHHawlES1NKABHd22TM8d31sgsENTRKnNg4fGNpNLXUXBb52Ty+MswjSUnofB1QkUL1RCHbTdkFIjK/cvfJ4Ri+ZOTYxICgrWKuxZmOHvUdfOvfkBSlVRCS2AKDNelOQ1zamQSCLrlh7gVDGWJhQIfA9Yi9lVny2Yv1ys6i2lgaAIJtRCuQA6hSqfl75RBIEboDa2pBHme5EJUgmm0rf4ja3NYXTONKcG04cAEWMC0czrehpK50Bq9Pa04AnKCJ8Ewx/wRZRt8Yebs8Ez+gzmWCK4E04YDU2CoqvXG/FiIbAFRibpTtYYALM0lGlpsgkdJ9S6dDYSzLYiu+GJUgkG5hAKhHNMxMqNtpYIsAfHPanUPoIBHyiQanZLHcMXfmQVEqS3fiTUl0bjmQi73BZTleCaDrSMzQJQ0jFrK8VZIeZ6Eo7KP8ZABmy7PbiFtz2haU5IOoj0uRKg65tzkYJRkBUhY5hDeVV15jC9xIFhn169m/yu3B5aqQkkDEQi4CGunkxnsGhkBgkouJNqbwngSz1owxjMwDvg3IH//2ceW+2ZU0hqXY2qnp1wKkwkgUWGlTdnupgYj0gACM3U+tdl/2lfLMGY4hOUiDSDjcKZP4vWMEjOlhQ+E3DcQ6Eow+GZECgIjIuIHZozr7LpiO1uEVNL5cBX1fM7U1lEVFj6Q3qdHEghI/iupAFlusCLwl8bpiKFlSc12LtLJrwRux1um1LfLQJeF/nMgjiE/Jo2UBRNgWij8kUPTQNgPU0hqcK40MpAJ3shBvRwOVC94IKv1n5x3J8jzR8akA0Re07dwustSaqiNtkbISQUIsBx5zbRM343WWeBADLOGIqwob6XRPsBR/e0y9dS8u9NjSENxIh06xZVOjj7hG4RuSP53JQsaCMRoc0F2AFL+rbRSC74dYbiXzwApGQxiwYXSAvIaDtV1WHURLU0ru7QTS6atbfJOkFaHJQqUz2eYZ99FzQCJZ8G50gIiFI67+CV2HKaiFiwQhaI9R3ydGdLLqA0AQZpn90xnCy7piPeSkxYQYOr7Eq7ld/3xFbOF22WV5Ra6asL+xd6dBzWVpAEAh5DjJRwRljMcBiJHAkLCFcKigHIfInLJCCggIoeKKMqiMotAqesi4nrAiKt4DuN97biKuuVRM6wyjkdprVeNVm2NWwl5yct7SQYYs8FdZ4KCy5HOVlvmb6qSej+6v6+7v/c1YJACHZCGiH6QIEYi+8TiXfDehdt7d6MLh20O7LZgLYjMoS7yF5CmPUE2EkID7P72PiPEObr7CqxTlrFX6+FbXOvXUpAgKofQyMO6IChAEFRCMPyE1UVxk6AESc67vrHO1wHHxcA+CrGaHZrwFoS2+bjQCQN2V/ibBTvCTG3YuisOShDHA68qUwJIKsAgrF9AegdB5GBBNDwbYfHNVjhB7tW48Cl0gB5akZ8pLHddEKZSDhKE0CCimNKr5XBOWe0FYUkyhRQ4SPsvIOs9mD8BBdFGEcQvEVx5Kdgs624uq1MN1EMLQjIoiHbS6ssRbg+HEIRml/wvbggFOAjF0CADzJiXe39Dgw4k60j72UA+SQUYxMBBXSLBBkT2qV9P84IOxPVATX6UhTnQkP6fdYguSJANQYAF6dOQBT7dW3fCB9K2piyARFcABhmyUq99s1IHC6KRUBl+2c1F0IHYnk5gsVVi0CBS3c3FJrCbi29TX9Qm6Phm+GLIhfwQuho4iDgpTHf7PTEHkYAGkStnWhbZAAALPUlEQVQF0dV/hw5k7jdcjlgtBvuR0ukBOieGtesW2ZONQINgygyfxXshAzGbfObkfE8peBBzq7LVJb8e4abHGgLE0i/1ka0jDSaQqSUH6nz1dgXqKIsceucNFjlQgccQOcPJu+P2TmOYQFqvryrjsxUy8CCe+TU6hXLZs3jgQQYvRS59dtkMJpDZ1w+FBZDEOOAZ601d1q9Xa0+7WerNoxKAQVCCyrDPLoYLpPzGapaDWCwFDWLKjtIBKdKCiBDQS0PtCERsEh+vhQrk6PPKeAoOHERGSuJ8/2Lt27S39as9qUwGeBCUYAY174ML5ElCCEkGHERF8Uy5sKw1+b/7mV7TdqfmiAjAu1laEczZI3vHXJhAzlzK9aUbAITNmfNNXPjbfGdSYdPLGQINeBB5RvTxeVBlWQ+ulU0RA86xBkEs4isWZpm9XREYu1W9DHbqBw0iQeUi/3MtUIHcOcvlGwIkKTR3SPuZvduFOYYAsfRe8ggykFD+axy0h1QVEBb5VPeC1Kr1C2KNMAnoxBfjzQh+ZAcTyB9OsjwNACK1zq9v1w2ujT3ZMxBDgPj5/wgTCE0LYg16ypLiYlKUe81y3ffU466W+vCMQJ+JwAeiHSHxBgAx7+REHhrS66T8u8xgffY6GQmEAd0IeWgAEO2yMHD1qxJdkNabxR5ODBQDDmKf+je4RsggCOAYgmuXhaFr3gV51mAvQuWfQP4PIDK1RUjFkwNDtsGn5vVU+zjpq4HZRwUSCB5EZcX9fuHkIVeAmk2q+trD3ggwiOYTyLAxxDQqd9O7TTBpaUvTfRgD/Z9ADA0iFZMcUipPrHj3m8N7Mj2cESP005T17sIQMAj+utOTFfn8s/dALq87lyNCsE/rkPe3TmSAI0jgnLvl773v51bY9KVPxIRajY9q62QxXFsnD66FTQELopJGhV28M9wayK7Fw5sMGETkc64Jru33P+dy6DJwZXIKsco0JGHDg+G+264rO1okRzXgPFAsI7gBqvMQ2pkn7iGmAEFwsbkFq/L50eG+3PGfzUImYgSu1uHNiWE6XCeGR9sKAkkAQVRSiynzD38+7IszZq27X8YKEDkBEEQQtK4LqjP1uBf180EWOajEfNbDO27DxlWaWdqP/n48JQHMQ6JhLsiEq+rkjydqQi3ooBJfqVhGCcy9kDzi1z/qiBYQoArmUIKKRKT/KQ8qkNbrq8KsSKAqF3ExKYBbf2nEFhe0ed0LcsigogiKUXmxK59ddoMJpPD8qYopFgpAtb0y0wBOxablI4KY1N7umMUkY2AmLVROFsw6fvX3UAX1rMKFJ+M9FUCq3xW4msSpO/mD68hzxpaqlpfeGYBeWceUPL/UlrhwE5hAenuTT4Zx6EBApK+PJYW6DKlteH/SqqoW5iBUiQYIiHPMYkBvqoN8g+qiSzxFBSDPwtX0pOkJh+59eMaY3VwazCTL5SBi+oCTRwd8b1CFX6qsswBRbo3LHDjc1atKPtyNsnbrFw3eAiM5iKQXsU/8thY2EJrr80O5fDZdpue1Ia6SsqNmRrblffbhrHPqvoP7E71F6ID+G8EjGT6lj6dBN0K8bmxLCAkgqfQOQvFkFaxZ5mb84TfKTIwbd2UKcywl+j48xAiezZIviuEDmbz2/K06DkWt0O90hVP43Nwn947+7yHquO/2eg8/HtqH6TWyy+UCn3M9B8uhA7HLcm13YbHVer2iQiajWLEKNq6YNIpFmd1vq66UCm14En1uaqESJREhrN482Q06EO3/aPvqfE+KHqMIjh/rjGLN3FQyykYjxtN6OoJjMxDNgN6W7AMo1dInuwdYX1Kw/bLuv6oMtCKp9bWhJVXLOvncgk1HXEf570nbUri0Oyg2g6q/DkFKjBchLN4KZwMzx7y/1pelJB1T6G092MkJdTlVMpYurUXfpi+ZJaBSNXoaIwNkm+A9j6/C2XPReOrO+/UunE5TfbTBlA6uB33z69tWFI5llzV889LuRT6DK0R97P0S/YhzcPb+fbPh7Eqq/az4XSSL76DQBwidFBASVlBTkjXGn1D7XWZQqhODqo9XFDDEOVbYfBDgVVSgQVyLTudzPWUTTbVwmVpN8ZzvvqZtWflYaz3Ci640r1ySI+pTYhPbjteghJIxQ1jdNdsYXhAaLW6Dy3S2eIKtlKVSKcl6vsuhbXluY24wYkKbvfVZdnQOTzPBMaJBjajO0eldaSCvoQJ/f4jt04tzUqzp478CVyHFcVOK9fSwgjU37o+rX67t2q+aS4O8bSwRFBt3JEGJAYKX47O4qxHo4wIPYuL2YPDObjouGz8I3cE6ZWbltlXLHMdzakqzS477y7PMhpgIEdI37jbkKCFBnKKDWtLmQg7S25t199qcFE8KjuOK8YwOmXlSVCC34tqlF+fHnWwmL796e/f2Jf72AjKBEeMIJX0EQc2wT138ZRXgh2UIELusB9fcQwNI+NgblEpxmUrVyeEmrHnyg62Xa/K4f4KtV/iWruaVQm9Bv1yOjR0Ek/cz7IUdTVvSPgKQ3t65T2+VxUdZmIrHcjexYvBSBXOKBd/34dkNp/ImnPnTanft3/6P2BxnBjLYlhEdS3aFUsmC2JiOpV7AH5VhQExsj56OnOmbZPqzNv9VjHayUqlVYrbV9JkuT++cifOaeKo5ubFx76PqBn8nSwSTK7E+dLTBQ/4TxmDGLFrf4pX2kYBoP5+fSuCGWHeSTMWjqmbU/o0piW1hNSW+IqHtSK+eEk0aLXzp/iD/WGYGj4wYje68XSMxQsiiiNSg7ivhBnhOBgNxPXKvMjIs0JMtVatlsg/MXNqJCh8cHLg202WFudefOr1Qjw8irXFHT2m6MHiGjWW/XKnEBgh05KJs7Vw1OJSQDPuYBSt7dsS5fUwgvb0rTtQkVATykygk83+Pk0D+4OVlUvBRtwty7iyftC6KyvNmZ9JnLVqY4Scqq8XBAcwmeMFvoBItQwkj86zJSwToEkp0jBCN/MI7xy/I2XiqGCtwfvj+48eP79+B3UUEADaogGIf3nEySQope9okbj6Ycic/Lp/KBQVjXdzTqROvT8w1d9OXEWThAFYR3759+/gJ2BqGg0+fwGIff3EI8uu7mbdsn7jnaZT4cIsQ8YgIxiuLlzbHNtqp87HygmZjgY0uZACKFV5WYM1hYKEpV16drxTBGMFD7Vsc2Rl5eBgZxU8tCgtR04kxBNUmv4El19f3yODr1z+f3jNwcMk6aKulzepPBbqDkX24RQh4hqRh8aUdh2KdrUws9FQM1EWM+SQhgI+Pz8dYRN1Fxc4/3somNnHXjt2ZM2jpEvuafbNXTDFVMzPS1pcQleGXDbW0FNSCAEFLWX4Z0Rh3Jx1X04oVs5fsTaZfCNE5QsSl5QXC83cuLfKSc7axkvJXBkaKiIi6urqBgYGKsr9UY3aiqmNz1aTK5eHy8jStQxkF+qzt96WnZ0Wmmaq5Gmm7x4jKyMjw8/MbGvLLxLhrG5mpmSeEhKWvarXuE+AZthECLDHeskc9PLJ498ZdO9Zfe+nyGAm4vLy2ftehebsXP1y3WJcebmFs2Hbu7Jl9U7avuPnk1atXz+Dg1asnT1Zsn5LXNP1cnAB9w4fuEQIEArrJGornz3d1hYdfRQLhV8PDu7rOK2poJK/WUKJL4hBLbtXVmG9v39dnfQwFWN+/f99+/nyN5FZ7xuEfIcD+Gaynx8wOFxIGi7EPgGugLgECVKEBAQxvR8GgAqMRMhoho2A0QkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZDRCRsFohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohQx4AAGor6gUCXHnfAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Column Transformer with Mixed Types

![Importance of Feature
Scaling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Importance of Feature Scaling

![Feature
discretization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature discretization

![Compare the effect of different scalers on data with
outliers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Compare the effect of different scalers on data with outliers

![SVM-Anova: SVM with univariate feature
selection](data:image/png;base64,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)

SVM-Anova: SVM with univariate feature selection

![RBF SVM
parameters](data:image/png;base64,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)

RBF SVM parameters

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.preprocessing.StandardScaler.html

