# sklearn.linear_model.SGDClassifier

`class sklearn.linear_model.SGDClassifier(loss='hinge', *, penalty='l2',
alpha=0.0001, l1_ratio=0.15, fit_intercept=True, max_iter=1000, tol=0.001,
shuffle=True, verbose=0, epsilon=0.1, n_jobs=None, random_state=None,
learning_rate='optimal', eta0=0.0, power_t=0.5, early_stopping=False,
validation_fraction=0.1, n_iter_no_change=5, class_weight=None,
warm_start=False, average=False)` [source]

    
Linear classifiers (SVM, logistic regression, etc.) with SGD training.

This estimator implements regularized linear models with stochastic gradient
descent (SGD) learning: the gradient of the loss is estimated each sample at a
time and the model is updated along the way with a decreasing strength
schedule (aka learning rate). SGD allows minibatch (online/out-of-core)
learning via the `partial_fit` method. For best results using the default
learning rate schedule, the data should have zero mean and unit variance.

This implementation works with data represented as dense or sparse arrays of
floating point values for the features. The model it fits can be controlled
with the loss parameter; by default, it fits a linear support vector machine
(SVM).

The regularizer is a penalty added to the loss function that shrinks model
parameters towards the zero vector using either the squared euclidean norm L2
or the absolute norm L1 or a combination of both (Elastic Net). If the
parameter update crosses the 0.0 value because of the regularizer, the update
is truncated to 0.0 to allow for learning sparse models and achieve online
feature selection.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`lossstr, default=’hinge’`

    
The loss function to be used. Defaults to ‘hinge’, which gives a linear SVM.

The possible options are ‘hinge’, ‘log’, ‘modified_huber’, ‘squared_hinge’,
‘perceptron’, or a regression loss: ‘squared_loss’, ‘huber’,
‘epsilon_insensitive’, or ‘squared_epsilon_insensitive’.

The ‘log’ loss gives logistic regression, a probabilistic classifier.
‘modified_huber’ is another smooth loss that brings tolerance to outliers as
well as probability estimates. ‘squared_hinge’ is like hinge but is
quadratically penalized. ‘perceptron’ is the linear loss used by the
perceptron algorithm. The other losses are designed for regression but can be
useful in classification as well; see `SGDRegressor` for a description.

More details about the losses formulas can be found in the User Guide.

`penalty{‘l2’, ‘l1’, ‘elasticnet’}, default=’l2’`

    
The penalty (aka regularization term) to be used. Defaults to ‘l2’ which is
the standard regularizer for linear SVM models. ‘l1’ and ‘elasticnet’ might
bring sparsity to the model (feature selection) not achievable with ‘l2’.

`alphafloat, default=0.0001`

    
Constant that multiplies the regularization term. The higher the value, the
stronger the regularization. Also used to compute the learning rate when set
to `learning_rate` is set to ‘optimal’.

`l1_ratiofloat, default=0.15`

    
The Elastic Net mixing parameter, with 0 <= l1_ratio <= 1. l1_ratio=0
corresponds to L2 penalty, l1_ratio=1 to L1. Only used if `penalty` is
‘elasticnet’.

`fit_interceptbool, default=True`

    
Whether the intercept should be estimated or not. If False, the data is
assumed to be already centered.

`max_iterint, default=1000`

    
The maximum number of passes over the training data (aka epochs). It only
impacts the behavior in the `fit` method, and not the `partial_fit` method.

New in version 0.19.

`tolfloat, default=1e-3`

    
The stopping criterion. If it is not None, training will stop when (loss >
best_loss - tol) for `n_iter_no_change` consecutive epochs.

New in version 0.19.

`shufflebool, default=True`

    
Whether or not the training data should be shuffled after each epoch.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
The verbosity level.

`epsilonfloat, default=0.1`

    
Epsilon in the epsilon-insensitive loss functions; only if `loss` is ‘huber’,
‘epsilon_insensitive’, or ‘squared_epsilon_insensitive’. For ‘huber’,
determines the threshold at which it becomes less important to get the
prediction exactly right. For epsilon-insensitive, any differences between the
current prediction and the correct label are ignored if they are less than
this threshold.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of CPUs to use to do the OVA (One Versus All, for multi-class
problems) computation. `None` means 1 unless in a `joblib.parallel_backend`
context. `-1` means using all processors. See Glossary for more details.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance, default=None`

    
Used for shuffling the data, when `shuffle` is set to `True`. Pass an int for
reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

`learning_ratestr, default=’optimal’`

    
The learning rate schedule:

  * ‘constant’: `eta = eta0`
  * ‘optimal’: `eta = 1.0 / (alpha * (t + t0))` where t0 is chosen by a heuristic proposed by Leon Bottou.
  * ‘invscaling’: `eta = eta0 / pow(t, power_t)`
  * ‘adaptive’: eta = eta0, as long as the training keeps decreasing. Each time n_iter_no_change consecutive epochs fail to decrease the training loss by tol or fail to increase validation score by tol if early_stopping is True, the current learning rate is divided by 5.
New in version 0.20: Added ‘adaptive’ option

`eta0double, default=0.0`

    
The initial learning rate for the ‘constant’, ‘invscaling’ or ‘adaptive’
schedules. The default value is 0.0 as eta0 is not used by the default
schedule ‘optimal’.

`power_tdouble, default=0.5`

    
The exponent for inverse scaling learning rate [default 0.5].

`early_stoppingbool, default=False`

    
Whether to use early stopping to terminate training when validation score is
not improving. If set to True, it will automatically set aside a stratified
fraction of training data as validation and terminate training when validation
score returned by the `score` method is not improving by at least tol for
n_iter_no_change consecutive epochs.

New in version 0.20: Added ‘early_stopping’ option

`validation_fractionfloat, default=0.1`

    
The proportion of training data to set aside as validation set for early
stopping. Must be between 0 and 1. Only used if `early_stopping` is True.

New in version 0.20: Added ‘validation_fraction’ option

`n_iter_no_changeint, default=5`

    
Number of iterations with no improvement to wait before early stopping.

New in version 0.20: Added ‘n_iter_no_change’ option

`class_weightdict, {class_label: weight} or “balanced”, default=None`

    
Preset for the class_weight fit parameter.

Weights associated with classes. If not given, all classes are supposed to
have weight one.

The “balanced” mode uses the values of y to automatically adjust weights
inversely proportional to class frequencies in the input data as `n_samples /
(n_classes * np.bincount(y))`.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to True, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit as
initialization, otherwise, just erase the previous solution. See the Glossary.

Repeatedly calling fit or partial_fit when warm_start is True can result in a
different solution than when calling fit a single time because of the way the
data is shuffled. If a dynamic learning rate is used, the learning rate is
adapted depending on the number of samples already seen. Calling `fit` resets
this counter, while `partial_fit` will result in increasing the existing
counter.

`averagebool or int, default=False`

    
When set to True, computes the averaged SGD weights accross all updates and
stores the result in the `coef_` attribute. If set to an int greater than 1,
averaging will begin once the total number of samples seen reaches `average`.
So `average=10` will begin averaging after seeing 10 samples.

Attributes

    
`coef_ndarray of shape (1, n_features) if n_classes == 2 else (n_classes,
n_features)`

    
Weights assigned to the features.

`intercept_ndarray of shape (1,) if n_classes == 2 else (n_classes,)`

    
Constants in decision function.

`n_iter_int`

    
The actual number of iterations before reaching the stopping criterion. For
multiclass fits, it is the maximum over every binary fit.

`loss_function_concrete LossFunction`

`classes_array of shape (n_classes,)`

`t_int`

    
Number of weight updates performed during training. Same as `(n_iter_ *
n_samples)`.

See also

`sklearn.svm.LinearSVC`

    
Linear support vector classification.

`LogisticRegression`

    
Logistic regression.

`Perceptron`

    
Inherits from SGDClassifier. `Perceptron()` is equivalent to
`SGDClassifier(loss="perceptron", eta0=1, learning_rate="constant",
penalty=None)`.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import SGDClassifier
    >>> from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    >>> from sklearn.pipeline import make_pipeline
    >>> X = np.array([[-1, -1], [-2, -1], [1, 1], [2, 1]])
    >>> Y = np.array([1, 1, 2, 2])
    >>> # Always scale the input. The most convenient way is to use a pipeline.
    >>> clf = make_pipeline(StandardScaler(),
    ...                     SGDClassifier(max_iter=1000, tol=1e-3))
    >>> clf.fit(X, Y)
    Pipeline(steps=[('standardscaler', StandardScaler()),
                    ('sgdclassifier', SGDClassifier())])
    >>> print(clf.predict([[-0.8, -1]]))
    [1]
    
#### Methods

`decision_function`(X) | Predict confidence scores for samples.  
---|---  
`densify`() | Convert coefficient matrix to dense array format.  
`fit`(X, y[, coef_init, intercept_init, …]) | Fit linear model with Stochastic Gradient Descent.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`partial_fit`(X, y[, classes, sample_weight]) | Perform one epoch of stochastic gradient descent on given samples.  
`predict`(X) | Predict class labels for samples in X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.  
`set_params`(**kwargs) | Set and validate the parameters of estimator.  
`sparsify`() | Convert coefficient matrix to sparse format.  
`decision_function(X)` [source]

    
Predict confidence scores for samples.

The confidence score for a sample is proportional to the signed distance of
that sample to the hyperplane.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like or sparse matrix, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Samples.

Returns

    
array, shape=(n_samples,) if n_classes == 2 else (n_samples, n_classes)

    
Confidence scores per (sample, class) combination. In the binary case,
confidence score for self.classes_[1] where >0 means this class would be
predicted.

`densify()` [source]

    
Convert coefficient matrix to dense array format.

Converts the `coef_` member (back) to a numpy.ndarray. This is the default
format of `coef_` and is required for fitting, so calling this method is only
required on models that have previously been sparsified; otherwise, it is a
no-op.

Returns

    
self

    
Fitted estimator.

`fit(X, y, coef_init=None, intercept_init=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Fit linear model with Stochastic Gradient Descent.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix}, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Training data.

`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target values.

`coef_initndarray of shape (n_classes, n_features), default=None`

    
The initial coefficients to warm-start the optimization.

`intercept_initndarray of shape (n_classes,), default=None`

    
The initial intercept to warm-start the optimization.

`sample_weightarray-like, shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Weights applied to individual samples. If not provided, uniform weights are
assumed. These weights will be multiplied with class_weight (passed through
the constructor) if class_weight is specified.

Returns

    
self :

    
Returns an instance of self.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`partial_fit(X, y, classes=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Perform one epoch of stochastic gradient descent on given samples.

Internally, this method uses `max_iter = 1`. Therefore, it is not guaranteed
that a minimum of the cost function is reached after calling it once. Matters
such as objective convergence and early stopping should be handled by the
user.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix}, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Subset of the training data.

`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Subset of the target values.

`classesndarray of shape (n_classes,), default=None`

    
Classes across all calls to partial_fit. Can be obtained by via
`np.unique(y_all)`, where y_all is the target vector of the entire dataset.
This argument is required for the first call to partial_fit and can be omitted
in the subsequent calls. Note that y doesn’t need to contain all labels in
`classes`.

`sample_weightarray-like, shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Weights applied to individual samples. If not provided, uniform weights are
assumed.

Returns

    
self :

    
Returns an instance of self.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict class labels for samples in X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like or sparse matrix, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Samples.

Returns

    
`Carray, shape [n_samples]`

    
Predicted class label per sample.

`property predict_log_proba`

    
Log of probability estimates.

This method is only available for log loss and modified Huber loss.

When loss=”modified_huber”, probability estimates may be hard zeros and ones,
so taking the logarithm is not possible.

See `predict_proba` for details.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input data for prediction.

Returns

    
`Tarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Returns the log-probability of the sample for each class in the model, where
classes are ordered as they are in `self.classes_`.

`property predict_proba`

    
Probability estimates.

This method is only available for log loss and modified Huber loss.

Multiclass probability estimates are derived from binary (one-vs.-rest)
estimates by simple normalization, as recommended by Zadrozny and Elkan.

Binary probability estimates for loss=”modified_huber” are given by
(clip(decision_function(X), -1, 1) + 1) / 2. For other loss functions it is
necessary to perform proper probability calibration by wrapping the classifier
with `CalibratedClassifierCV` instead.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix}, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input data for prediction.

Returns

    
ndarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes)

    
Returns the probability of the sample for each class in the model, where
classes are ordered as they are in `self.classes_`.

#### References

Zadrozny and Elkan, “Transforming classifier scores into multiclass
probability estimates”, SIGKDD’02,
http://www.research.ibm.com/people/z/zadrozny/kdd2002-Transf.pdf

The justification for the formula in the loss=”modified_huber” case is in the
appendix B in: http://jmlr.csail.mit.edu/papers/volume2/zhang02c/zhang02c.pdf

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.

In multi-label classification, this is the subset accuracy which is a harsh
metric since you require for each sample that each label set be correctly
predicted.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True labels for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
Mean accuracy of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

`set_params(**kwargs)` [source]

    
Set and validate the parameters of estimator.

Parameters

    
`**kwargsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Estimator instance.

`sparsify()` [source]

    
Convert coefficient matrix to sparse format.

Converts the `coef_` member to a scipy.sparse matrix, which for L1-regularized
models can be much more memory- and storage-efficient than the usual
numpy.ndarray representation.

The `intercept_` member is not converted.

Returns

    
self

    
Fitted estimator.

#### Notes

For non-sparse models, i.e. when there are not many zeros in `coef_`, this may
actually increase memory usage, so use this method with care. A rule of thumb
is that the number of zero elements, which can be computed with `(coef_ ==
0).sum()`, must be more than 50% for this to provide significant benefits.

After calling this method, further fitting with the partial_fit method (if
any) will not work until you call densify.

## Examples using `sklearn.linear_model.SGDClassifier`

![Model Complexity
Influence](data:image/png;base64,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)

Model Complexity Influence

![Out-of-core classification of text
documents](data:image/png;base64,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)

Out-of-core classification of text documents

![SGD: Maximum margin separating
hyperplane](data:image/png;base64,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)

SGD: Maximum margin separating hyperplane

![SGD: convex loss
functions](data:image/png;base64,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)

SGD: convex loss functions

![SGD:
Penalties](data:image/png;base64,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)

SGD: Penalties

![SGD: Weighted
samples](data:image/png;base64,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)

SGD: Weighted samples

![Comparing various online
solvers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing various online solvers

![Plot multi-class SGD on the iris
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot multi-class SGD on the iris dataset

![Early stopping of Stochastic Gradient
Descent](data:image/png;base64,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)

Early stopping of Stochastic Gradient Descent

![Explicit feature map approximation for RBF
kernels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Explicit feature map approximation for RBF kernels

![Comparing randomized search and grid search for hyperparameter
estimation](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEW55vT////95r3///+55vT95r265vT///+55vT95b255vT95r7////95r395r245fT+//+55vT95rz///395bu35fT//v3+//+15fP95bz95Lj///+35fS45vP95LX///795r3//v3///795br95bv94rKx4/L95bv+//7947a45vS15fO05PP////95bq05PP95bu35vO25fP95bz95bqv4vK05POw4/L95bm45vT95Lf7/f/95Lb7/f395br9/v645vT+5LW05PP947b95byx4/Oz5PO35fT+/v795Lj94rKu4vL95r3//v255vT95br+/v675/T957/8/v+t4vG45fSo4PL//fv//v2r4fL+///w+v225fP947P+/fr95r2u4vL947X94a7+/v7/+e76/f2r4fGd2/DA6fX++/ak3vD95Lf+/v245vTi9fr/+/X958D/+/X94bH//Paj3vD1/P394q/94K7J7Pf97c7+4Kr+36v6/f/B6fX3/P3/+vL+/v395rzP7vf94a605PP6/f7+9eP+68j+6sf+6sX/+/Ty+v3/+/Tt+fz6/f7B6fXb8fni9fr93KC45vTS7/jq9/v9///z+/v//v7/8diZ2/Dj9fr/9ufB6fX+7dH1/P32/P7B6fXJ7fb/+O7w+v392Zv/9eT//PbX8fj95r7s+Pz//fn/6cDD6vX+7tP+7tH+7M3+9OP//Pf+7M285/T9/Pn7+/fW8fj/8tz/7M7+8NX+8tzo9/vz+v3j9frk9fvi9fv+9uf+7dD+7tX/9une9Prx+vz/89/K6/a05fTw+v3+7M3m9vvb8vni9Pv//Pb+6sX/+Ov/9uj/+vH/+/T/+vL+7Mzl9vvd8/nL7Pa45PT/8dn/9+p/0u3/9OPx+v3/+vH+9+nJ7Pb97c7L7fbx+vzL7fjg9Pr50I7+8NfM7ff+5r665vT/////57+75/X/6cG96vi86ff/577/6MC76Pa+6/r/6sH/7MK/7fu65/a55vS76Pf/7sT957665/UjcY7sAAAA63RSTlP++Pv89/j9/vv+9f31/e/f5+/l++LW4PvK87Ds2+d65PXY8s3Sc5De05/yt7HOysPa46vpu4ChiMPtqeuYnMbc0WS8i9abp8bCt2tx7PC8vrqxqvFk6kDr912xqtCBgLN2hl7Jt6NrJJ56TJG+lYSSlolYqVXRJ0uGSjpDilGwoJWidFJ6x9ByW2zlvL245Eg9th4tkKCpWLVlM5CZaYjalH5ganIxkrGj81/I/HBBslOKz6eKZEiZojGbfZh6eVDRw5M6TjL1tFpWxXxsZkbeh6+Bcdf2u8StsTdyqBha5shUpeK8h+PMFsLWJExLegAAIABJREFUeNrs23lQk2ceB/AkJCRBriAJRK5wRQhnCEKIHHIfggqVFJBDKGcBgcKCKJZLilbAA0G86q2A0LVqV13EXazOqnWtdf9wVy26ne7YmTfmTcIbkgXG7Bt3Z4uCA8L7On3p+51MGHiHeZ/Jh9/ze5/nfSG8wPOrCgH/CHAQPDgIDoIHB8FB8OAgOAgeHAQHwYOD4MFBcBA8OAgOggcHwUHw4CA4CB4cBA8OgoPgwUFwEDw4CA6CBwfBQd5ndPThJBGJRLPJgb9PSoIPEM2o728kr06ZBL8vnpwkOPrwASL1twFiWzKYXnO0Y93uh8+f//lVnj9//rB197qOmn+l1+Q06b+3kQSl1JWll5XUfp89NPTZ/zOU/X1tSUlZQXqX2W8DJGXXD3mPdt4+fKzYxyveJT4+3svLKyKfe+zwbXF73s19dcbvbSRr/vbllcpNVcHN90vrE+BkaJNQer95W9U3V37eUxC30EH0WUXrPr3Tnfxx8sqtvuERriEe5tpEenh4hLj6FPuuX5uc3H+w9c6nnQE5bmgOxDglIOdMy7PL3wZnZTmmFTqLolcLhYGB7nAChdEi58I0x+DGqoGhlvIzThYLGMRmzcmdtzbme60yZxrxE/0YPD1teDz4xfBLtOJbroh08covPnZ8Z/vNOjQn8I/2VX5zTlsXGavdw0xNBLGGbDa7p4fN5sBfDWMFJqaeDsKM+tLm6uEAJ/0FCmLndmdHR0PyynAXpp+e7phCDkfxejRkBn+FRwR3fbJYvKGpaY2bHfLDoLKKis4/OXeqKibTOdrdU8AxgFSQDM6rN21UcCA6xdA0UJSZFXw6u+Usa0GCOG04vjE/PiSV76dH05VowMnRgBr4BUoINLIew8oyNcTn4sZrt3adDEJhHAF/qH787X3/JYFhprFsDskAkE4XgE6iGArChBkJ15v3ly84kOW2tm07+pN9XZl+uvJRuUKpVZC8Hi2RckIhHx1V0hhGkT5bKw7c2tFmG4TgHE5k2QZ992DTppjCaAcB56VKrVbJIO3HPwK8lhH4RxAkU6sBjqnQ2THr0OcsWxZxIYF09v71Ure2Ong0UKFQwh4ayTTRkijh4+M0vURLc9fii5c29H7dhWAPSx9+fPp6qPNqBxNDisGIdp6Cpmj8QgIfpnMEnoEZCZcHhtNtFgwIVb9tMO/Aei8jmlIxMaUwps24Zkw5zjNaVZx7oL3GIgmZ/m5mV3SjsjEtISyWBEEQ8BKYOSOwCvTSUFjYuOdGS9ziBQJC7Bw8nrzMlcnTdnHlrEA0SrjnS8h8c69luQ1Xi3SQWQbWPtju6O/tabgIUqlkUmB2ICqVmmQi9I/ZdqIkaGGAUNtOPlrrlcrQJczKYvIMNk7zY7psTb4aR4Uzv0HAidoe7OxuQqGPzMril0iBl5Sl3pmbq89QqQsAxG7H1YbccCZDd5bFMckDrhICz9KV++PD1oDO+a3fz9Y+GfpLqbN9LEmm7ePvBiKVQRQTb+uYr8ptFwBI0LXbXA8+GSRI5pRxMo8fmd8v7v1oXlsEZV9+UpgRFssxoANzS1+sgyhmWznmQSyKOvpXulrR5KPgnDxAuO/QjFy4aw93NM25RohO2QNZ1iJ7tnbFJ50Lh1SllvbYh8Z81eWEcZCm3i3cVXB9aObmAbd3DUigMSw9fPobouY6iA9Pbw/NgBcei4CRkTkWCHwV3GdoL4qpLtHBMAjVxu3ozgq4PhQKyTwCykcJDHPf/r8HLZ/D4kwnjvXsC0eRCQlSz606/hdIRe9xsN78uMhWH7sgnfu2rPex1FWC4HxANPBCkuaX6pK/t3UOs5b++UPXEwJNKfAV7Hw8APjX+2K9M7fdKGBhF+RontiHyRuVS+YbpVxJsIpY1t0UxDJ+l7tGcTZBTtn3Q+05ECQD5hupepGJd8yeYVvs9pB1W1ZGMmhy5bxBtJtcesyQ+O4NvTXvUiUpX584fSEjUPBSBS/N5w0ik1KW+jcOfIhVEDP91osRVhoNKEEiGgLNL5Jb8cO9KOIs+yqVaFGw55T1kqUUOoBIpADEEYZe/hy9e+2ogphFdXSvYuoplBJkQDQKGj/Et2LL3bpZTuI6KenDVY4iBzYEjSAjAsjoJsILh8ptMAnywcHbXCMyYUwjQSighMBjeq1s35Uyy73dE5WNpUIBiS4FkIoUMDDMCN5/FoMgOnZBB9eGM0aVIHIgoFzJs/SpEJ/McZt50jDuKju3OS1QQFJBCIJI1UCgY3NLHBFzIPqsqO5iD/IoKEE0umTLiPWPbtbN3Ebc9lV+Uig07KOPAEhGJfWsv56N1pMPKIJYpFy95GJJQxgElP9bj+kjbj868wDO36h0XC2A1FKEQWQCYcLpACfMgQQNbuGuYBAUyBaIRKmgMcyXHW6deQCsL2JEJhRABiAbGcQxzQgePoM9kLviYisaAeEZC+4jGk2iS/7uthnmjCSbZxfqHUjQiBRhEAgy6BFmVZdjDuSDvbmuekjXx38vf8lWqfkbdszw93DourenoQHSHK9I+sLStj/DGIhZ3JFurvn4KAogkvFxhV/42oMsu7c3dmJc9nZr+0UjABqRqQWi0qE4fSqWQGxrrhW7GIGogEiUo2QP7rHBnLfuoVCLygYyRaYqFUog7MD6gYIUIoZAqGt25fmuYIByVEDgJXti5NYDvW/d5NOpu9KYsLQHge2r6ffhKaYZVXsK9LFUIV0387h8MjiBDohyXJfPFd9te+vpn1TFuPcsgqTogMhIhsLGn7EFUnRPHOGnK1FKUIqCHLL10vK3FmiLtb9JHzr1ob0xQqc4BF8pwxRI1J8+dtUbQw9kVMOMuLQuatoukuTWddl5NVstQw0EMPB03FSWhKUe0nQ8OYSmkIBogcg1fqnFW3qbpr0pVVbt6G1KUUkBtESkkGladQmWQF40NeR6oAmi1NASfcT3pn3swa7glGMYB60O8gpEZRK6rRZTIL/buMycoJCgFo1ESfbIbTgy7ckPZfkL+gDUPIARqUrg3PwEUyBH9nJT0QSBu4iCWbz3jvGU/+gxs7C9HBrNQXpP8Q2QWFFmNrZAfvSxlKAKolBYrSpuGCyacleq5MT9BAeSGr0C0T42x44uHcIUyNN/uBppUAWZ0N6rErcHvHlmp39WOrrHkmQAuiBC0WeLMQRCffqTC38MVZAxJY3hUiHOmbJps39TqCmFDqEKIuO4L8EUyIunP4WgDAKCIG3FNDdGWA+CRWwpIEUbJAMHeRNkQsEP33jnzS1f1h8zhSQVDjIFxIWvUUpQzYQ80TX/oQXx9Ucrvvt9vQNdBQA4yJQegj4Izzy+u9Np8qOlxmtqL/yHvXsPaupKAwAeYkJueIMJIQgxSAgQQJIQIkF5GXlkCY9RQOUlL/EFFMFRQapi2UF3t9YnKBbUKrbaXd9vRXZbndFaX9WxVbeuOuNfIa+bmwQJkk1oowG100rOZS72/JlxvDPnx7nnnnO+7zsZFNmfIG8dIf1gQfpgAi+9/eZa68/Pvx46Ws1y0QAHoWNsUif97wEaIBAnedmCLutd1x3fdk7zIGpUwEFiZ2JshJjWIQbAryyjFgdRy9ueW4NU1K2KpstkyJ8gb4wQFECURi0v8rM91iApO0sERBXYb6xBkKiZ/8HUCNn9gA94pT4oAvuyv9huPYccfxQQ5aySaQCD6OkZjRgDeZbkgwZItrApzwqEdK+j2J+MBoigGmMgZyqpBhRA3EMrf7R+7t9OBM8YQAHExVtchqWoE8t5iBGsiBLmhPP/PQTkiDcF9JQ+uP0ezLiDLZB1qckQCiAEavpPq0st07pn5p37k6VogEQsScDWiWHKDbBn6pYPX0iUv3dTlyWhqeX0em8KEzSIRiFDKAWfYOtMvcIcdWJEAYRALf+51ZLitnZLvbcUDx5kAHNRJ+a4LKEI6gG/NCT4NC04ZQGJObdC4oJXgF6FIM5M/4TOQkzFZWXefFjpSkABBHKd8nC/5ZVVe7gmg+4IHgQvjSpZji2QitMPTwKL7bWKBsJBvCk5FhBSbV1J1EHgIIiKSJlXg7HIxdJT3SfTfVEBYX92yRLkW1uXEMskAwfR01mNOy/HYApkYu72M0lUow4wiLIH58te3PUK5OhfJhNloEFUvVJB4+ctYTQsgZBoG79ie9mDB+nJTvy4yhLi++X6AH88eBC9R2P1EzB3OABMaZu6qyiEAONAgyhFidesQVjOwEGQAa64GWspbYOV/YQinL0RMAjsLszaZQEp28lgyRAN2J2sATJxcsB67GXh+h1qm+JKsNcCBlFzkrJ2WRJFyjYUcBHAIIiMKJV88u18zIEEnf65PDkbgsEOEaOOwE99BfKP5uJAPeDjWxVykBvcuWUt1kBIcfs2tfOpBB1gkBdQaOrF1yDiwF7AIHokIkNcd7oFcyNkUunqbVOmO+iMQPezlCaQIiuQJZSXQCNONLJeFXfa7TWZnpgDkcvnbM9KFMFjDUTlGBtw/R6oPgMKYlfVVuQK4bRARV4Qhr+ygIIgGkd69KqjX2MSZELX1vJkEQQDBbGe1Eng5xCVhhk4rf50BSZBnHKfb+N7cdRAv3x1Dvzy119ZG4q5YL+y9LJAyTc/rPXDJAjJLs1cBBNWGtFdh4ALcVDI9Pgo8flbTjRMgpja6qtF+QRcnxI9kBkygCCIzDEiuOYHzJaJlcv3bF0WyiOoYXAg/Rzh3CFbJ2QFsL0shX7AhcXoxHAhZVJL6xeV4SKgIO7Cuc9fby4yWM4AQXqJM2Y2H8VyqfGJpdv3sql9wBYjyp6+4bu94LbfFRo93ZtxrCIIu8X45eaSDkXh7hCo3B1ljzF7KAjA8xCETAxckrAG6M1g4EHCuv61MF/UD+gsV4sbPDF0Q+PEEOklBgpu76ulYRskaG3VyiQfHDAQiMfOsTpTL4kCdqaOIFJB9YXCHU7YBplQOr+9PISjVIJ4aSlhHOQaufVVJbM151YI6M5ACskpEA2eW1xyLCUO4yOENC7sxuJEHwcghU+UsD2BWmQdKLdqnvnSSCDjAx+RkXA4xg7sxXlo3NLmFlN1UpgP6YCAQKL8k92Fljkk81TzPAoTCIheHyGpvrA0BXBnoQFCm7V7W3kSR20w2P54CoZ4yc8actMs5/g7/nuf5aIBMkLI/gXNZbOdxgCI6a2VV/UsPhsyGm0PQqCmb67ws2RqTPJ8cj8qAgCIgkwPFHQc8APeVyhdTjx19+aF092NSltvMyphh3D+j1NflTSm2d064k1R2Hq/V6FA8DOiTzzxdBojIKaW186mciCtzUE4IUNT2m6dCObavP4+IiN6eAd0eKLQT2iB0Bq2LkuictS2zalSGtWipL2brcvP3PtGzBqwbVq0QqEnewgYnY/DxhCIXcOVnCa+D4SzMYjWN7E9zzrX7/h1RizexiCyf7pEiWvOtY4lEFppzPc5c0N5BJ1aaUsQnGvkxxetM5m+3lkiIQ7YEgTplUn9C1ZdXprrNoZATBP7/Cttkem+BhvWP1FqcYT41JyGIaU1nq6IljrbMqlNoTrIaqxZfsoTlW5CD0Qe1HDjWmooz6GnX2mjQaKFoez0rCtDQS6vmhbItNV3lsL8fSX1F9c8XtRCG2sgdpNyb7Y1pbsSlLYC6dc5UPlXN300pNZJ62FxbIRCbysQDVnqH7xi+SI3J9JYA5HLPQtbr6YmUd171La5Sk+tc59eeakw03pS91u7qCOaq+i1zX6iXkWkCIoT1p/KRauPUAVxmpjZvWCuMJ6gg20SPKd+4Stc+enENOu/XSe34+fFsQO9tgh0MIEgHpKC+nNLPdPGJIhcPrXr5tWV/HweB+rRjtjEaITyI9u/G/6M2ccSoukjLjRumjwUZGYEV1DdXPc0U04aoyDjgjL3XFoXKYx3N7zQjTBeS9sHiUKW5eQNf0bcznoxl0lWjXRwvNQTKRIx41FhbekE9HoIZRDzrNuwf91JfrIrh2BaJY6EBO4TeSVe634jLSDu7mGGIBA/kmldo5A54pkRLEl186PCFjf0xsdogMwOS/nuYlYWO4TKwal16vecTZT98As1lb33Ym7c8AekpdR2FEiYL/Wq9yrHr1EgKn2viugRGxxQcqGsojSOhmb3oA9iXiNmdj9srwyJ93WAINx7ZoXiIMg9vWnlW6+rmLNmQzCFiH/fO9TJeDxRyo1qvL6ifukktPtmVEDkcTF78javTGWHevE49rDOPE76ftfWvNG0htHCap1OC4m8khb+9PdZb/3/j9853ygJZJL1vXq9CjEtJjS/Y2AozEPD1GRE6QxBMINxtmzNRxWkDwOERLOjbdzftrgpMZ0qIuC0yj9yUGIiMeAcePmJ5dvi3pErPs7uzoYCAdcFP2DqaM0fWZdrBvB0yuSZ4pLOui/Hj7cbL/8wQMwmTvP3V23f1hQpDPHy8eVAOC0Mw/39WnMzjZZhrc/8cz9sbkbI3TU/ObQycu+uT999XnTv8w5GcXSGPzeCSUZUpoaYm+LNhvzSzP9C48iUBrKivJcE3D574O7SoFHpl1EDkZNmuU2dFfNwwbIiNj/cREKwNxiM2l9b35sc2j6j0WAwQA6+8SGJU8pz2i7FzXr3C2VOWu3hzhrGkuhYiguR7DxgeichbzP59UeNbICMN3H4S4ILEuq37Aua4Dbb7gMD+WV2P9T9fdVXDxayhaHTk/Oprtnupnne1OztceaFn7HHgMPh7O1NvxA42Twfar5XeKhw4YMHZ6oOtcb89tdP6d2nj46dPXIiOFoQ68/iUiJcmHhHR0dnRzKZLBsMbiSTnZ0d8aYZnC6lcFmTMyTR06pPHDlw4fHlhrRR65LRBZFPCArzi9u4+1Jb2+K55f9n70yAmsqyMEwggRgwhC0hAcKWsIWwhR3CaghLWCUiEAXUgOyChEVWRbpAZVEUGkRAXAdbBBRbHG3LRkcUtdqlptHWGbXamu6CJhESscUx814iFDOMozbJKIG/QvHeTXFJ5Xt3Peee40Czs/ayZaqpqVlYIKAgFhAEFIGwsLBQ09Oik/zSneIjU5o7dtbUeJqR9f/3gGtkSDZE79jRs2VLdiDe1xwXamzKQCKxWAMDAxhIBgBhYIDFIpEMdRurAHNfonf5ltzuDTvQhmZkNGaxAhEvuYyKrl69PXjr4N5nD0JIJFJIiLU1XZvF8vLyYrG06XS6dUgIUPjzg2d787d13L7aZ/jxKzUMtWvgadNQ6/nTp/5qH2AfGurs4WFlbEwAZGxl5eEcah8QEGcfd/p8609NVwb6G9dPf6bFCuTdhkpMTFhaRQWHU33hZMqqnJzo6MjEoKD4+PigoMTIyOjo6ykpB/bd4LRxOBVpX8dUfEqHYvh1TJr/id7797/a0FpeWJ69zts7MJBIxOOJxEBv73XZ5XmFlT13ntzvPZEWFtPgr/O5v4svAojoqQSfSwyZ2lmfdPVhXV1tbXHx4OBgcXFxbW1d3cP6pKdsQ5V5Pbxu/sn9uf0DXV0FBQXd3ZWV3d0FBV1dA/25uV1rw1C/fSmS++2LEoocU9ZeRqVS2exYsdhsNnDb3t5gFjy/rkRFP42aSaWWlpZunhZwTaWWZbL9/w/+VgsUiPTHK/C30qxbpS/sQy4mIAtCS0CWgCxpCcgSkPkOv0ZoM7JYZp76OhBJ1oxCG85UrYNZAvJx62uzsr6nZ0Fd6UumpklwlaBCbig61Ciq+lLjxTCdJSDve3IhRihUVFRUsEj6u+4N5O4Bldt/Jbm0V1yqA7yvrx+s8KkMUPooN0ArQdVUP++sq096nAS86i9R28SlOjpuKJQORGEJyIwg6Jjke3d7Ws49ugbqXCueCCqQSBxqPX/q12vXHp1rOdpzN7mvj/qJVlWl9Yc7D198vv/CvuHh3bt3H9+bvz0oKCge+Ak6+C1YMjy878L+54cPl5F1loCAxsPVEIyGBupE1kBuYXYgPsE31d18qysuINTZQ7T5F4eL2GrunuqLJ3qX523Z88shtIaGBuRjnmYlDASCwWDY9Y/rVxVHJ8Y7mKTTHP3swkkh1nRtcMsy3M7PkZZu4rQ9KLK4ub6zxFNFA4OBfN6G8tmBoKlrMx9tuHz52nk8McEdBAGSINiYqlMoDApFXdPUhmAMgsG5mqf6rgn0bv318p3SrMz1H+ahw37eHlv9j+NBkfFOJjQ/S5IPuImspatqq8cEpCeyr9CtfXws7RxNHOLzh3/8sTp23/Mi/0UNxP/snsJK/KYIew+CjSYDC5MHBNqRliuLtVx8BVovkBRN0xXGoRGpVeW5/dQPV01uTFrVcXAjie6lq6rnYgGFv7N9zZK4CIpQ01PV0g4J33jmQHFSfRFkkQIxIh879uRRZV6grznOmaCJhC3nv3r1T0CvRAI9QCbFl+JS3ogyQMXUGeeOX7fu6JNdm/3f/815lpTc2H0yJ9HJ0YfFREDhcm9e/g7qpUgvRAKvfheXjsvBEUwtbZKfiUNOSsaNnSVh+kqLDogSOqugewhoGwRNCgNrAFMWm1ZnNAFq9r3I6CpvgAVNfPYRm7y77um/t/KG27UHN4bTtWyZagAOkUF4lpFeKNKsgtFROUU41EKNqadLD9+Yf6D2ZprK4gKiYtjbu6s129sXt4Ihz5/k8d45UH3A/1nsIMJfBqN4mBPzmo69J3JVTUVGbY4JSdcC/lrkqSIQfMDPiMsVCMbHXwCvUYStNS0+50Ash8NxW0RA0FlNracjcM42lD/JLxvjz7SBD3mzidvMyDIYVtPDNaEp2fO/1s6+dZJG0mIi4KNc0AFP+BFeX+/ai0CoCHVRZZHCn3277ebORQIkGI2OejK0bo2rMQU2MjnJH/tUH1zQx/DVJEzTtbxy89yTGxB98ncpDiy1qZcvBJ9+Vgt0jBxXVNP1oSVGDrvVeKIwsg8k7d5P507FBViZMmAjYAc09kcObwB/BzNOrfrbobA5ja+oscPBkil480d4AC0F6LteK1rYsnwsHwxn3GwPlnUgq4MztxSuwZnC3o7NL1rl5CTSw/dI7pz5r9mlx9HhqvCX8zgPBFARTMm50NOjm29xVBRkG8iJliGib8AKrHgYn8fBM94kTB2XNzeximFns4OWhXA+5+G5r8eBWTHclk7bvn1/LEqmgQS3VK4JNcUul8QJ2RF5Ar5qw5wlSEakndro/JO+CkenoHosWuQ2jgwDgZy4830CThMYy/nzjrUwMcGb1HT/YU5yrpXHHawlES1NKABHd22TM8d31sgsENTRKnNg4fGNpNLXUXBb52Ty+MswjSUnofB1QkUL1RCHbTdkFIjK/cvfJ4Ri+ZOTYxICgrWKuxZmOHvUdfOvfkBSlVRCS2AKDNelOQ1zamQSCLrlh7gVDGWJhQIfA9Yi9lVny2Yv1ys6i2lgaAIJtRCuQA6hSqfl75RBIEboDa2pBHme5EJUgmm0rf4ja3NYXTONKcG04cAEWMC0czrehpK50Bq9Pa04AnKCJ8Ewx/wRZRt8Yebs8Ez+gzmWCK4E04YDU2CoqvXG/FiIbAFRibpTtYYALM0lGlpsgkdJ9S6dDYSzLYiu+GJUgkG5hAKhHNMxMqNtpYIsAfHPanUPoIBHyiQanZLHcMXfmQVEqS3fiTUl0bjmQi73BZTleCaDrSMzQJQ0jFrK8VZIeZ6Eo7KP8ZABmy7PbiFtz2haU5IOoj0uRKg65tzkYJRkBUhY5hDeVV15jC9xIFhn169m/yu3B5aqQkkDEQi4CGunkxnsGhkBgkouJNqbwngSz1owxjMwDvg3IH//2ceW+2ZU0hqXY2qnp1wKkwkgUWGlTdnupgYj0gACM3U+tdl/2lfLMGY4hOUiDSDjcKZP4vWMEjOlhQ+E3DcQ6Eow+GZECgIjIuIHZozr7LpiO1uEVNL5cBX1fM7U1lEVFj6Q3qdHEghI/iupAFlusCLwl8bpiKFlSc12LtLJrwRux1um1LfLQJeF/nMgjiE/Jo2UBRNgWij8kUPTQNgPU0hqcK40MpAJ3shBvRwOVC94IKv1n5x3J8jzR8akA0Re07dwustSaqiNtkbISQUIsBx5zbRM343WWeBADLOGIqwob6XRPsBR/e0y9dS8u9NjSENxIh06xZVOjj7hG4RuSP53JQsaCMRoc0F2AFL+rbRSC74dYbiXzwApGQxiwYXSAvIaDtV1WHURLU0ru7QTS6atbfJOkFaHJQqUz2eYZ99FzQCJZ8G50gIiFI67+CV2HKaiFiwQhaI9R3ydGdLLqA0AQZpn90xnCy7piPeSkxYQYOr7Eq7ld/3xFbOF22WV5Ra6asL+xd6dBzWVpAEAh5DjJRwRljMcBiJHAkLCFcKigHIfInLJCCggIoeKKMqiMotAqesi4nrAiKt4DuN97biKuuVRM6wyjkdprVeNVm2NWwl5yct7SQYYs8FdZ4KCy5HOVlvmb6qSej+6v6+7v/c1YJACHZCGiH6QIEYi+8TiXfDehdt7d6MLh20O7LZgLYjMoS7yF5CmPUE2EkID7P72PiPEObr7CqxTlrFX6+FbXOvXUpAgKofQyMO6IChAEFRCMPyE1UVxk6AESc67vrHO1wHHxcA+CrGaHZrwFoS2+bjQCQN2V/ibBTvCTG3YuisOShDHA68qUwJIKsAgrF9AegdB5GBBNDwbYfHNVjhB7tW48Cl0gB5akZ8pLHddEKZSDhKE0CCimNKr5XBOWe0FYUkyhRQ4SPsvIOs9mD8BBdFGEcQvEVx5Kdgs624uq1MN1EMLQjIoiHbS6ssRbg+HEIRml/wvbggFOAjF0CADzJiXe39Dgw4k60j72UA+SQUYxMBBXSLBBkT2qV9P84IOxPVATX6UhTnQkP6fdYguSJANQYAF6dOQBT7dW3fCB9K2piyARFcABhmyUq99s1IHC6KRUBl+2c1F0IHYnk5gsVVi0CBS3c3FJrCbi29TX9Qm6Phm+GLIhfwQuho4iDgpTHf7PTEHkYAGkStnWhbZAAALPUlEQVQF0dV/hw5k7jdcjlgtBvuR0ukBOieGtesW2ZONQINgygyfxXshAzGbfObkfE8peBBzq7LVJb8e4abHGgLE0i/1ka0jDSaQqSUH6nz1dgXqKIsceucNFjlQgccQOcPJu+P2TmOYQFqvryrjsxUy8CCe+TU6hXLZs3jgQQYvRS59dtkMJpDZ1w+FBZDEOOAZ601d1q9Xa0+7WerNoxKAQVCCyrDPLoYLpPzGapaDWCwFDWLKjtIBKdKCiBDQS0PtCERsEh+vhQrk6PPKeAoOHERGSuJ8/2Lt27S39as9qUwGeBCUYAY174ML5ElCCEkGHERF8Uy5sKw1+b/7mV7TdqfmiAjAu1laEczZI3vHXJhAzlzK9aUbAITNmfNNXPjbfGdSYdPLGQINeBB5RvTxeVBlWQ+ulU0RA86xBkEs4isWZpm9XREYu1W9DHbqBw0iQeUi/3MtUIHcOcvlGwIkKTR3SPuZvduFOYYAsfRe8ggykFD+axy0h1QVEBb5VPeC1Kr1C2KNMAnoxBfjzQh+ZAcTyB9OsjwNACK1zq9v1w2ujT3ZMxBDgPj5/wgTCE0LYg16ypLiYlKUe81y3ffU466W+vCMQJ+JwAeiHSHxBgAx7+REHhrS66T8u8xgffY6GQmEAd0IeWgAEO2yMHD1qxJdkNabxR5ODBQDDmKf+je4RsggCOAYgmuXhaFr3gV51mAvQuWfQP4PIDK1RUjFkwNDtsGn5vVU+zjpq4HZRwUSCB5EZcX9fuHkIVeAmk2q+trD3ggwiOYTyLAxxDQqd9O7TTBpaUvTfRgD/Z9ADA0iFZMcUipPrHj3m8N7Mj2cESP005T17sIQMAj+utOTFfn8s/dALq87lyNCsE/rkPe3TmSAI0jgnLvl773v51bY9KVPxIRajY9q62QxXFsnD66FTQELopJGhV28M9wayK7Fw5sMGETkc64Jru33P+dy6DJwZXIKsco0JGHDg+G+264rO1okRzXgPFAsI7gBqvMQ2pkn7iGmAEFwsbkFq/L50eG+3PGfzUImYgSu1uHNiWE6XCeGR9sKAkkAQVRSiynzD38+7IszZq27X8YKEDkBEEQQtK4LqjP1uBf180EWOajEfNbDO27DxlWaWdqP/n48JQHMQ6JhLsiEq+rkjydqQi3ooBJfqVhGCcy9kDzi1z/qiBYQoArmUIKKRKT/KQ8qkNbrq8KsSKAqF3ExKYBbf2nEFhe0ed0LcsigogiKUXmxK59ddoMJpPD8qYopFgpAtb0y0wBOxablI4KY1N7umMUkY2AmLVROFsw6fvX3UAX1rMKFJ+M9FUCq3xW4msSpO/mD68hzxpaqlpfeGYBeWceUPL/UlrhwE5hAenuTT4Zx6EBApK+PJYW6DKlteH/SqqoW5iBUiQYIiHPMYkBvqoN8g+qiSzxFBSDPwtX0pOkJh+59eMaY3VwazCTL5SBi+oCTRwd8b1CFX6qsswBRbo3LHDjc1atKPtyNsnbrFw3eAiM5iKQXsU/8thY2EJrr80O5fDZdpue1Ia6SsqNmRrblffbhrHPqvoP7E71F6ID+G8EjGT6lj6dBN0K8bmxLCAkgqfQOQvFkFaxZ5mb84TfKTIwbd2UKcywl+j48xAiezZIviuEDmbz2/K06DkWt0O90hVP43Nwn947+7yHquO/2eg8/HtqH6TWyy+UCn3M9B8uhA7HLcm13YbHVer2iQiajWLEKNq6YNIpFmd1vq66UCm14En1uaqESJREhrN482Q06EO3/aPvqfE+KHqMIjh/rjGLN3FQyykYjxtN6OoJjMxDNgN6W7AMo1dInuwdYX1Kw/bLuv6oMtCKp9bWhJVXLOvncgk1HXEf570nbUri0Oyg2g6q/DkFKjBchLN4KZwMzx7y/1pelJB1T6G092MkJdTlVMpYurUXfpi+ZJaBSNXoaIwNkm+A9j6/C2XPReOrO+/UunE5TfbTBlA6uB33z69tWFI5llzV889LuRT6DK0R97P0S/YhzcPb+fbPh7Eqq/az4XSSL76DQBwidFBASVlBTkjXGn1D7XWZQqhODqo9XFDDEOVbYfBDgVVSgQVyLTudzPWUTTbVwmVpN8ZzvvqZtWflYaz3Ci640r1ySI+pTYhPbjteghJIxQ1jdNdsYXhAaLW6Dy3S2eIKtlKVSKcl6vsuhbXluY24wYkKbvfVZdnQOTzPBMaJBjajO0eldaSCvoQJ/f4jt04tzUqzp478CVyHFcVOK9fSwgjU37o+rX67t2q+aS4O8bSwRFBt3JEGJAYKX47O4qxHo4wIPYuL2YPDObjouGz8I3cE6ZWbltlXLHMdzakqzS477y7PMhpgIEdI37jbkKCFBnKKDWtLmQg7S25t199qcFE8KjuOK8YwOmXlSVCC34tqlF+fHnWwmL796e/f2Jf72AjKBEeMIJX0EQc2wT138ZRXgh2UIELusB9fcQwNI+NgblEpxmUrVyeEmrHnyg62Xa/K4f4KtV/iWruaVQm9Bv1yOjR0Ek/cz7IUdTVvSPgKQ3t65T2+VxUdZmIrHcjexYvBSBXOKBd/34dkNp/ImnPnTanft3/6P2BxnBjLYlhEdS3aFUsmC2JiOpV7AH5VhQExsj56OnOmbZPqzNv9VjHayUqlVYrbV9JkuT++cifOaeKo5ubFx76PqBn8nSwSTK7E+dLTBQ/4TxmDGLFrf4pX2kYBoP5+fSuCGWHeSTMWjqmbU/o0piW1hNSW+IqHtSK+eEk0aLXzp/iD/WGYGj4wYje68XSMxQsiiiNSg7ivhBnhOBgNxPXKvMjIs0JMtVatlsg/MXNqJCh8cHLg202WFudefOr1Qjw8irXFHT2m6MHiGjWW/XKnEBgh05KJs7Vw1OJSQDPuYBSt7dsS5fUwgvb0rTtQkVATykygk83+Pk0D+4OVlUvBRtwty7iyftC6KyvNmZ9JnLVqY4Scqq8XBAcwmeMFvoBItQwkj86zJSwToEkp0jBCN/MI7xy/I2XiqGCtwfvj+48eP79+B3UUEADaogGIf3nEySQope9okbj6Ycic/Lp/KBQVjXdzTqROvT8w1d9OXEWThAFYR3759+/gJ2BqGg0+fwGIff3EI8uu7mbdsn7jnaZT4cIsQ8YgIxiuLlzbHNtqp87HygmZjgY0uZACKFV5WYM1hYKEpV16drxTBGMFD7Vsc2Rl5eBgZxU8tCgtR04kxBNUmv4El19f3yODr1z+f3jNwcMk6aKulzepPBbqDkX24RQh4hqRh8aUdh2KdrUws9FQM1EWM+SQhgI+Pz8dYRN1Fxc4/3somNnHXjt2ZM2jpEvuafbNXTDFVMzPS1pcQleGXDbW0FNSCAEFLWX4Z0Rh3Jx1X04oVs5fsTaZfCNE5QsSl5QXC83cuLfKSc7axkvJXBkaKiIi6urqBgYGKsr9UY3aiqmNz1aTK5eHy8jStQxkF+qzt96WnZ0Wmmaq5Gmm7x4jKyMjw8/MbGvLLxLhrG5mpmSeEhKWvarXuE+AZthECLDHeskc9PLJ498ZdO9Zfe+nyGAm4vLy2ftehebsXP1y3WJcebmFs2Hbu7Jl9U7avuPnk1atXz+Dg1asnT1Zsn5LXNP1cnAB9w4fuEQIEArrJGornz3d1hYdfRQLhV8PDu7rOK2poJK/WUKJL4hBLbtXVmG9v39dnfQwFWN+/f99+/nyN5FZ7xuEfIcD+Gaynx8wOFxIGi7EPgGugLgECVKEBAQxvR8GgAqMRMhoho2A0QkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZDRCRsFohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohQx4AAGor6gUCXHnfAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Comparing randomized search and grid search for hyperparameter estimation

![Sample pipeline for text feature extraction and
evaluation](data:image/png;base64,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)

Sample pipeline for text feature extraction and evaluation

![Semi-supervised Classification on a Text
Dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Semi-supervised Classification on a Text Dataset

![Classification of text documents using sparse
features](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classification of text documents using sparse features

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.SGDClassifier.html

