# sklearn.model_selection.cross_validate

`sklearn.model_selection.cross_validate(estimator, X, y=None, *, groups=None,
scoring=None, cv=None, n_jobs=None, verbose=0, fit_params=None,
pre_dispatch='2*n_jobs', return_train_score=False, return_estimator=False,
error_score=nan)` [source]

    
Evaluate metric(s) by cross-validation and also record fit/score times.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`estimatorestimator object implementing ‘fit’`

    
The object to use to fit the data.

`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data to fit. Can be for example a list, or an array.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs), default=None`

    
The target variable to try to predict in the case of supervised learning.

`groupsarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Group labels for the samples used while splitting the dataset into train/test
set. Only used in conjunction with a “Group” cv instance (e.g., `GroupKFold`).

`scoringstr, callable, list, tuple, or dict, default=None`

    
Strategy to evaluate the performance of the cross-validated model on the test
set.

If `scoring` represents a single score, one can use:

  * a single string (see The scoring parameter: defining model evaluation rules);
  * a callable (see Defining your scoring strategy from metric functions) that returns a single value.

If `scoring` reprents multiple scores, one can use:

  * a list or tuple of unique strings;
  * a callable returning a dictionary where the keys are the metric names and the values are the metric scores;
  * a dictionary with metric names as keys and callables a values.

See Specifying multiple metrics for evaluation for an example.

`cvint, cross-validation generator or an iterable, default=None`

    
Determines the cross-validation splitting strategy. Possible inputs for cv
are:

  * None, to use the default 5-fold cross validation,
  * int, to specify the number of folds in a `(Stratified)KFold`,
  * CV splitter,
  * An iterable yielding (train, test) splits as arrays of indices.

For int/None inputs, if the estimator is a classifier and `y` is either binary
or multiclass, `StratifiedKFold` is used. In all other cases, `KFold` is used.

Refer User Guide for the various cross-validation strategies that can be used
here.

Changed in version 0.22: `cv` default value if None changed from 3-fold to
5-fold.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
Number of jobs to run in parallel. Training the estimator and computing the
score are parallelized over the cross-validation splits. `None` means 1 unless
in a `joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
The verbosity level.

`fit_paramsdict, default=None`

    
Parameters to pass to the fit method of the estimator.

`pre_dispatchint or str, default=’2*n_jobs’`

    
Controls the number of jobs that get dispatched during parallel execution.
Reducing this number can be useful to avoid an explosion of memory consumption
when more jobs get dispatched than CPUs can process. This parameter can be:

  * None, in which case all the jobs are immediately created and spawned. Use this for lightweight and fast-running jobs, to avoid delays due to on-demand spawning of the jobs
  * An int, giving the exact number of total jobs that are spawned
  * A str, giving an expression as a function of n_jobs, as in ‘2*n_jobs’

`return_train_scorebool, default=False`

    
Whether to include train scores. Computing training scores is used to get
insights on how different parameter settings impact the
overfitting/underfitting trade-off. However computing the scores on the
training set can be computationally expensive and is not strictly required to
select the parameters that yield the best generalization performance.

New in version 0.19.

Changed in version 0.21: Default value was changed from `True` to `False`

`return_estimatorbool, default=False`

    
Whether to return the estimators fitted on each split.

New in version 0.20.

`error_score‘raise’ or numeric, default=np.nan`

    
Value to assign to the score if an error occurs in estimator fitting. If set
to ‘raise’, the error is raised. If a numeric value is given, FitFailedWarning
is raised.

New in version 0.20.

Returns

    
`scoresdict of float arrays of shape (n_splits,)`

    
Array of scores of the estimator for each run of the cross validation.

A dict of arrays containing the score/time arrays for each scorer is returned.
The possible keys for this `dict` are:

`test_score`

    
The score array for test scores on each cv split. Suffix `_score` in
`test_score` changes to a specific metric like `test_r2` or `test_auc` if
there are multiple scoring metrics in the scoring parameter.

`train_score`

    
The score array for train scores on each cv split. Suffix `_score` in
`train_score` changes to a specific metric like `train_r2` or `train_auc` if
there are multiple scoring metrics in the scoring parameter. This is available
only if `return_train_score` parameter is `True`.

`fit_time`

    
The time for fitting the estimator on the train set for each cv split.

`score_time`

    
The time for scoring the estimator on the test set for each cv split. (Note
time for scoring on the train set is not included even if `return_train_score`
is set to `True`

`estimator`

    
The estimator objects for each cv split. This is available only if
`return_estimator` parameter is set to `True`.

See also

`cross_val_score`

    
Run cross-validation for single metric evaluation.

`cross_val_predict`

    
Get predictions from each split of cross-validation for diagnostic purposes.

`sklearn.metrics.make_scorer`

    
Make a scorer from a performance metric or loss function.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn import datasets, linear_model
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import cross_validate
    >>> from sklearn.metrics import make_scorer
    >>> from sklearn.metrics import confusion_matrix
    >>> from sklearn.svm import LinearSVC
    >>> diabetes = datasets.load_diabetes()
    >>> X = diabetes.data[:150]
    >>> y = diabetes.target[:150]
    >>> lasso = linear_model.Lasso()
    
Single metric evaluation using `cross_validate`

    
    >>> cv_results = cross_validate(lasso, X, y, cv=3)
    >>> sorted(cv_results.keys())
    ['fit_time', 'score_time', 'test_score']
    >>> cv_results['test_score']
    array([0.33150734, 0.08022311, 0.03531764])
    
Multiple metric evaluation using `cross_validate` (please refer the `scoring`
parameter doc for more information)

    
    >>> scores = cross_validate(lasso, X, y, cv=3,
    ...                         scoring=('r2', 'neg_mean_squared_error'),
    ...                         return_train_score=True)
    >>> print(scores['test_neg_mean_squared_error'])
    [-3635.5... -3573.3... -6114.7...]
    >>> print(scores['train_r2'])
    [0.28010158 0.39088426 0.22784852]
    
## Examples using `sklearn.model_selection.cross_validate`

![Categorical Feature Support in Gradient
Boosting](data:image/png;base64,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)

Categorical Feature Support in Gradient Boosting

![Combine predictors using
stacking](data:image/png;base64,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)

Combine predictors using stacking

![Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear
models](data:image/png;base64,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)

Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear models

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.cross_validate.html

