# sklearn.metrics.silhouette_samples

`sklearn.metrics.silhouette_samples(X, labels, *, metric='euclidean', **kwds)`
[source]

    
Compute the Silhouette Coefficient for each sample.

The Silhouette Coefficient is a measure of how well samples are clustered with
samples that are similar to themselves. Clustering models with a high
Silhouette Coefficient are said to be dense, where samples in the same cluster
are similar to each other, and well separated, where samples in different
clusters are not very similar to each other.

The Silhouette Coefficient is calculated using the mean intra-cluster distance
(`a`) and the mean nearest-cluster distance (`b`) for each sample. The
Silhouette Coefficient for a sample is `(b - a) / max(a, b)`. Note that
Silhouette Coefficient is only defined if number of labels is 2 `<= n_labels
<= n_samples - 1`.

This function returns the Silhouette Coefficient for each sample.

The best value is 1 and the worst value is -1. Values near 0 indicate
overlapping clusters.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples_a, n_samples_a) if metric == “precomputed” or
(n_samples_a, n_features) otherwise`

    
An array of pairwise distances between samples, or a feature array.

`labelsarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Label values for each sample.

`metricstr or callable, default=’euclidean’`

    
The metric to use when calculating distance between instances in a feature
array. If metric is a string, it must be one of the options allowed by
`sklearn.metrics.pairwise.pairwise_distances`. If `X` is the distance array
itself, use “precomputed” as the metric. Precomputed distance matrices must
have 0 along the diagonal.

``**kwds`optional keyword parameters`

    
Any further parameters are passed directly to the distance function. If using
a `scipy.spatial.distance` metric, the parameters are still metric dependent.
See the scipy docs for usage examples.

Returns

    
`silhouettearray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Silhouette Coefficients for each sample.

#### References

`1`

    
Peter J. Rousseeuw (1987). “Silhouettes: a Graphical Aid to the Interpretation
and Validation of Cluster Analysis”. Computational and Applied Mathematics 20:
53-65.

`2`

    
Wikipedia entry on the Silhouette Coefficient

## Examples using `sklearn.metrics.silhouette_samples`

![Selecting the number of clusters with silhouette analysis on KMeans
clustering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Selecting the number of clusters with silhouette analysis on KMeans clustering

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.silhouette_samples.html

