# sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifier

`class sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifier(n_estimators=100, *,
criterion='gini', max_depth=None, min_samples_split=2, min_samples_leaf=1,
min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0, max_features='auto', max_leaf_nodes=None,
min_impurity_decrease=0.0, min_impurity_split=None, bootstrap=True,
oob_score=False, n_jobs=None, random_state=None, verbose=0, warm_start=False,
class_weight=None, ccp_alpha=0.0, max_samples=None)` [source]

    
A random forest classifier.

A random forest is a meta estimator that fits a number of decision tree
classifiers on various sub-samples of the dataset and uses averaging to
improve the predictive accuracy and control over-fitting. The sub-sample size
is controlled with the `max_samples` parameter if `bootstrap=True` (default),
otherwise the whole dataset is used to build each tree.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_estimatorsint, default=100`

    
The number of trees in the forest.

Changed in version 0.22: The default value of `n_estimators` changed from 10
to 100 in 0.22.

`criterion{“gini”, “entropy”}, default=”gini”`

    
The function to measure the quality of a split. Supported criteria are “gini”
for the Gini impurity and “entropy” for the information gain. Note: this
parameter is tree-specific.

`max_depthint, default=None`

    
The maximum depth of the tree. If None, then nodes are expanded until all
leaves are pure or until all leaves contain less than min_samples_split
samples.

`min_samples_splitint or float, default=2`

    
The minimum number of samples required to split an internal node:

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_split` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_split` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_split * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each split.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_samples_leafint or float, default=1`

    
The minimum number of samples required to be at a leaf node. A split point at
any depth will only be considered if it leaves at least `min_samples_leaf`
training samples in each of the left and right branches. This may have the
effect of smoothing the model, especially in regression.

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_leaf` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_leaf` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_leaf * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each node.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_weight_fraction_leaffloat, default=0.0`

    
The minimum weighted fraction of the sum total of weights (of all the input
samples) required to be at a leaf node. Samples have equal weight when
sample_weight is not provided.

`max_features{“auto”, “sqrt”, “log2”}, int or float, default=”auto”`

    
The number of features to consider when looking for the best split:

  * If int, then consider `max_features` features at each split.
  * If float, then `max_features` is a fraction and `round(max_features * n_features)` features are considered at each split.
  * If “auto”, then `max_features=sqrt(n_features)`.
  * If “sqrt”, then `max_features=sqrt(n_features)` (same as “auto”).
  * If “log2”, then `max_features=log2(n_features)`.
  * If None, then `max_features=n_features`.

Note: the search for a split does not stop until at least one valid partition
of the node samples is found, even if it requires to effectively inspect more
than `max_features` features.

`max_leaf_nodesint, default=None`

    
Grow trees with `max_leaf_nodes` in best-first fashion. Best nodes are defined
as relative reduction in impurity. If None then unlimited number of leaf
nodes.

`min_impurity_decreasefloat, default=0.0`

    
A node will be split if this split induces a decrease of the impurity greater
than or equal to this value.

The weighted impurity decrease equation is the following:

    
    N_t / N * (impurity - N_t_R / N_t * right_impurity
                        - N_t_L / N_t * left_impurity)
    
where `N` is the total number of samples, `N_t` is the number of samples at
the current node, `N_t_L` is the number of samples in the left child, and
`N_t_R` is the number of samples in the right child.

`N`, `N_t`, `N_t_R` and `N_t_L` all refer to the weighted sum, if
`sample_weight` is passed.

New in version 0.19.

`min_impurity_splitfloat, default=None`

    
Threshold for early stopping in tree growth. A node will split if its impurity
is above the threshold, otherwise it is a leaf.

Deprecated since version 0.19: `min_impurity_split` has been deprecated in
favor of `min_impurity_decrease` in 0.19. The default value of
`min_impurity_split` has changed from 1e-7 to 0 in 0.23 and it will be removed
in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25). Use `min_impurity_decrease` instead.

`bootstrapbool, default=True`

    
Whether bootstrap samples are used when building trees. If False, the whole
dataset is used to build each tree.

`oob_scorebool, default=False`

    
Whether to use out-of-bag samples to estimate the generalization accuracy.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of jobs to run in parallel. `fit`, `predict`, `decision_path` and
`apply` are all parallelized over the trees. `None` means 1 unless in a
`joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls both the randomness of the bootstrapping of the samples used when
building trees (if `bootstrap=True`) and the sampling of the features to
consider when looking for the best split at each node (if `max_features <
n_features`). See Glossary for details.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Controls the verbosity when fitting and predicting.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to `True`, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit and add
more estimators to the ensemble, otherwise, just fit a whole new forest. See
the Glossary.

`class_weight{“balanced”, “balanced_subsample”}, dict or list of dicts,
default=None`

    
Weights associated with classes in the form `{class_label: weight}`. If not
given, all classes are supposed to have weight one. For multi-output problems,
a list of dicts can be provided in the same order as the columns of y.

Note that for multioutput (including multilabel) weights should be defined for
each class of every column in its own dict. For example, for four-class
multilabel classification weights should be [{0: 1, 1: 1}, {0: 1, 1: 5}, {0:
1, 1: 1}, {0: 1, 1: 1}] instead of [{1:1}, {2:5}, {3:1}, {4:1}].

The “balanced” mode uses the values of y to automatically adjust weights
inversely proportional to class frequencies in the input data as `n_samples /
(n_classes * np.bincount(y))`

The “balanced_subsample” mode is the same as “balanced” except that weights
are computed based on the bootstrap sample for every tree grown.

For multi-output, the weights of each column of y will be multiplied.

Note that these weights will be multiplied with sample_weight (passed through
the fit method) if sample_weight is specified.

`ccp_alphanon-negative float, default=0.0`

    
Complexity parameter used for Minimal Cost-Complexity Pruning. The subtree
with the largest cost complexity that is smaller than `ccp_alpha` will be
chosen. By default, no pruning is performed. See Minimal Cost-Complexity
Pruning for details.

New in version 0.22.

`max_samplesint or float, default=None`

    
If bootstrap is True, the number of samples to draw from X to train each base
estimator.

  * If None (default), then draw `X.shape[0]` samples.
  * If int, then draw `max_samples` samples.
  * If float, then draw `max_samples * X.shape[0]` samples. Thus, `max_samples` should be in the interval `(0, 1)`.

New in version 0.22.

Attributes

    
`base_estimator_DecisionTreeClassifier`

    
The child estimator template used to create the collection of fitted sub-
estimators.

`estimators_list of DecisionTreeClassifier`

    
The collection of fitted sub-estimators.

`classes_ndarray of shape (n_classes,) or a list of such arrays`

    
The classes labels (single output problem), or a list of arrays of class
labels (multi-output problem).

`n_classes_int or list`

    
The number of classes (single output problem), or a list containing the number
of classes for each output (multi-output problem).

`n_features_int`

    
The number of features when `fit` is performed.

`n_outputs_int`

    
The number of outputs when `fit` is performed.

`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

`oob_score_float`

    
Score of the training dataset obtained using an out-of-bag estimate. This
attribute exists only when `oob_score` is True.

`oob_decision_function_ndarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Decision function computed with out-of-bag estimate on the training set. If
n_estimators is small it might be possible that a data point was never left
out during the bootstrap. In this case, `oob_decision_function_` might contain
NaN. This attribute exists only when `oob_score` is True.

See also

`DecisionTreeClassifier,` `ExtraTreesClassifier`

#### Notes

The default values for the parameters controlling the size of the trees (e.g.
`max_depth`, `min_samples_leaf`, etc.) lead to fully grown and unpruned trees
which can potentially be very large on some data sets. To reduce memory
consumption, the complexity and size of the trees should be controlled by
setting those parameter values.

The features are always randomly permuted at each split. Therefore, the best
found split may vary, even with the same training data,
`max_features=n_features` and `bootstrap=False`, if the improvement of the
criterion is identical for several splits enumerated during the search of the
best split. To obtain a deterministic behaviour during fitting, `random_state`
has to be fixed.

#### References

`1`

    
  12. Breiman, “Random Forests”, Machine Learning, 45(1), 5-32, 2001.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import RandomForestClassifier
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
    >>> X, y = make_classification(n_samples=1000, n_features=4,
    ...                            n_informative=2, n_redundant=0,
    ...                            random_state=0, shuffle=False)
    >>> clf = RandomForestClassifier(max_depth=2, random_state=0)
    >>> clf.fit(X, y)
    RandomForestClassifier(...)
    >>> print(clf.predict([[0, 0, 0, 0]]))
    [1]
    
#### Methods

`apply`(X) | Apply trees in the forest to X, return leaf indices.  
---|---  
`decision_path`(X) | Return the decision path in the forest.  
`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Build a forest of trees from the training set (X, y).  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict class for X.  
`predict_log_proba`(X) | Predict class log-probabilities for X.  
`predict_proba`(X) | Predict class probabilities for X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`apply(X)` [source]

    
Apply trees in the forest to X, return leaf indices.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`X_leavesndarray of shape (n_samples, n_estimators)`

    
For each datapoint x in X and for each tree in the forest, return the index of
the leaf x ends up in.

`decision_path(X)` [source]

    
Return the decision path in the forest.

New in version 0.18.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`indicatorsparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_nodes)`

    
Return a node indicator matrix where non zero elements indicates that the
samples goes through the nodes. The matrix is of CSR format.

`n_nodes_ptrndarray of shape (n_estimators + 1,)`

    
The columns from indicator[n_nodes_ptr[i]:n_nodes_ptr[i+1]] gives the
indicator value for the i-th estimator.

`property feature_importances_`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

The higher, the more important the feature. The importance of a feature is
computed as the (normalized) total reduction of the criterion brought by that
feature. It is also known as the Gini importance.

Warning: impurity-based feature importances can be misleading for high
cardinality features (many unique values). See
`sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance` as an alternative.

Returns

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The values of this array sum to 1, unless all trees are single node trees
consisting of only the root node, in which case it will be an array of zeros.

`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Build a forest of trees from the training set (X, y).

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The training input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csc_matrix`.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
The target values (class labels in classification, real numbers in
regression).

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, then samples are equally weighted. Splits that would
create child nodes with net zero or negative weight are ignored while
searching for a split in each node. In the case of classification, splits are
also ignored if they would result in any single class carrying a negative
weight in either child node.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict class for X.

The predicted class of an input sample is a vote by the trees in the forest,
weighted by their probability estimates. That is, the predicted class is the
one with highest mean probability estimate across the trees.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`yndarray of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
The predicted classes.

`predict_log_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class log-probabilities for X.

The predicted class log-probabilities of an input sample is computed as the
log of the mean predicted class probabilities of the trees in the forest.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`pndarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes), or a list of n_outputs`

    
such arrays if n_outputs > 1\. The class probabilities of the input samples.
The order of the classes corresponds to that in the attribute classes_.

`predict_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class probabilities for X.

The predicted class probabilities of an input sample are computed as the mean
predicted class probabilities of the trees in the forest. The class
probability of a single tree is the fraction of samples of the same class in a
leaf.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`pndarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes), or a list of n_outputs`

    
such arrays if n_outputs > 1\. The class probabilities of the input samples.
The order of the classes corresponds to that in the attribute classes_.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.

In multi-label classification, this is the subset accuracy which is a harsh
metric since you require for each sample that each label set be correctly
predicted.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True labels for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
Mean accuracy of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifier`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.24](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.24

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Comparison of Calibration of
Classifiers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of Calibration of Classifiers

![Probability Calibration for 3-class
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability Calibration for 3-class classification

![Classifier
comparison](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier comparison

![Inductive
Clustering](data:image/png;base64,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)

Inductive Clustering

![Plot class probabilities calculated by the
VotingClassifier](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot class probabilities calculated by the VotingClassifier

![OOB Errors for Random
Forests](data:image/png;base64,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)

OOB Errors for Random Forests

![Feature transformations with ensembles of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature transformations with ensembles of trees

![Plot the decision surfaces of ensembles of trees on the iris
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot the decision surfaces of ensembles of trees on the iris dataset

![Permutation Importance with Multicollinear or Correlated
Features](data:image/png;base64,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)

Permutation Importance with Multicollinear or Correlated Features

![Permutation Importance vs Random Forest Feature Importance
\(MDI\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Permutation Importance vs Random Forest Feature Importance (MDI)

![ROC Curve with Visualization
API](data:image/png;base64,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)

ROC Curve with Visualization API

![Detection error tradeoff \(DET\)
curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Detection error tradeoff (DET) curve

![Successive Halving
Iterations](data:image/png;base64,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)

Successive Halving Iterations

![Classification of text documents using sparse
features](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classification of text documents using sparse features

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomForestClassifier.html

