# sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split

`sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split(*arrays, test_size=None,
train_size=None, random_state=None, shuffle=True, stratify=None)` [source]

    
Split arrays or matrices into random train and test subsets

Quick utility that wraps input validation and `next(ShuffleSplit().split(X,
y))` and application to input data into a single call for splitting (and
optionally subsampling) data in a oneliner.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`*arrayssequence of indexables with same length / shape[0]`

    
Allowed inputs are lists, numpy arrays, scipy-sparse matrices or pandas
dataframes.

`test_sizefloat or int, default=None`

    
If float, should be between 0.0 and 1.0 and represent the proportion of the
dataset to include in the test split. If int, represents the absolute number
of test samples. If None, the value is set to the complement of the train
size. If `train_size` is also None, it will be set to 0.25.

`train_sizefloat or int, default=None`

    
If float, should be between 0.0 and 1.0 and represent the proportion of the
dataset to include in the train split. If int, represents the absolute number
of train samples. If None, the value is automatically set to the complement of
the test size.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls the shuffling applied to the data before applying the split. Pass an
int for reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

`shufflebool, default=True`

    
Whether or not to shuffle the data before splitting. If shuffle=False then
stratify must be None.

`stratifyarray-like, default=None`

    
If not None, data is split in a stratified fashion, using this as the class
labels. Read more in the User Guide.

Returns

    
`splittinglist, length=2 * len(arrays)`

    
List containing train-test split of inputs.

New in version 0.16: If the input is sparse, the output will be a
`scipy.sparse.csr_matrix`. Else, output type is the same as the input type.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    >>> X, y = np.arange(10).reshape((5, 2)), range(5)
    >>> X
    array([[0, 1],
           [2, 3],
           [4, 5],
           [6, 7],
           [8, 9]])
    >>> list(y)
    [0, 1, 2, 3, 4]
    
    
    >>> X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(
    ...     X, y, test_size=0.33, random_state=42)
    ...
    >>> X_train
    array([[4, 5],
           [0, 1],
           [6, 7]])
    >>> y_train
    [2, 0, 3]
    >>> X_test
    array([[2, 3],
           [8, 9]])
    >>> y_test
    [1, 4]
    
    
    >>> train_test_split(y, shuffle=False)
    [[0, 1, 2], [3, 4]]
    
## Examples using `sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.23](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.23

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.24](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.24

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Probability Calibration
curves](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability Calibration curves

![Probability calibration of
classifiers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability calibration of classifiers

![Recognizing hand-written
digits](data:image/png;base64,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)

Recognizing hand-written digits

![Classifier
comparison](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier comparison

![Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares Regression

![Post pruning decision trees with cost complexity
pruning](data:image/png;base64,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)

Post pruning decision trees with cost complexity pruning

![Understanding the decision tree
structure](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAAA1VBMVEX///+ZmZloaGjb29vMzMy8vLxTU1NVVVX+/v76+vpdXV2IiIjg4OB3d3fo6Oj7+/v4+Pirq6vR0dHy8vJZWVk1NTWRkZHt7e2UlJTe3t79/f2jo6N9fX319fVKSkrY2Nj09PTr6+uOjo5FRUW4uLjw8PA9PT329vavr68uLi5vb29OTk7V1dWoqKg5OTni4uJhYWGAgIDm5uZpaWmgoKC0tLTCwsLGxsZBQUHk5OS/v790dHTJycknJydeXl5sbGxlZWWcnJyLi4uEhISGhoYdHR0ODg5lFDyHAAAgAElEQVR42uydaXeiShBAy4iIicoiuIsiIpuouKK4xSX//ye9bmIymZeZTIwkk/Ne3Q9zOkqbOXWnu7oa7AFAEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEARBEAS5iDzz5Ugmhv238Gl2c/u1bPo1jPtvEdgk98VAsY1x/72QdOXLf2cZhVwlhMuY3NMEZ/Io5O8JWUnk/amxtLdmZu6J5EJG1Y3ff5bkrc6tnjc1UEjsQkRlBMWgZREJozDndJeQkWzt5dj5+fJ+GCQeW93craqhkNinLOeGsSWw2MefbhyAhfIcZ21SL7y8uBCIwNgl2nTvoKDMUEjsQkrBmvyTj4SY5ZySAhichQjTcTAUOSgfKWKVvNQkg8fozum7nlLfhBkUEn9Sv32onIUI4kFuPgsp2rK3oA2rRlnSuUuyBTDVTpRMhsVQxikrfiFisB1Wn6csj+WfhCQUeTKijaZEyUZNJU9GCE3rGarFLaOQuIUs7KXZrUVCBAFgrz4LgUzH6W7ITBUOKUU6ZZl6DWa2wZUEQamBcM7vKCQ+IYKcAxLi7JQImatbub8EyL9I6t7PSR063R3RV9JTcG/vXBanrLiFZOYt8ieTt5QVbzKdZZ5keW/9+zhDpdMjvRhyRbMza2Ad8lmVetM5Pm3P9rb7Blbqf1tI7KAQFPIfEtJyFueWVH+9s9hIPueUfDJPy5FBsgRcPtlMFlDIpwgxE08hr0yqr9K4qwbiY7OopjclKIQuW+dNPZDlFQqJW8jca86M6tw0lwOxk4ESw/3rguouNJdKVCGKbp5r8OA7jWqDK+hznLLiF3KvhJsHxrQr+ZOc6x8hFUTbU0yKwtDpy7B7wPVTpMVt5Bt2AkY/vE3PoKWr7N5EIfEKKdhLqJwkUyFCVsB0hZkaCSk6lDZt59cD4Fh6h1zorudLOzV6cKXaesGvevPARyHxChmtR1BVGCqElOcLxTgLEUyKEBXra9JZtUiLD0IAJyydRKgG1mPdbqKQWIUYawm0xxFChAyehdRZSo4aEXQxmrYIN0OAjc8HCTDpNj3ARBdQSKxCOL9bviFC7MrIzsPANpaPOcTIa5qWN6IEL/bL8jgjbDsgKb6vJMFT2jeqOXASR9vDKSvuVZZ4WCo9/t5oJRpgJIRs7dWyF1L+fQP4BAPQO94lyQtLv0wWv/f+YY6rrLiFVJhFOzCwUv82QlayK0u4dfLdKnUU8s2FzCUU8q2EbI9vvVstql2yDDadQCelfOeWlaccCrlayIBu3BqVLImpZo6ywGVHAI2SQXdwwz2Jd2VArmpUKq92dPmpp5D1lVkrr8kauTOtWGsJhVwphPf1NKuVdqy+M2DDDvv1YlqxYGoPdT1JhSTTrl7ns6zr3tGFcFWLOMsxg2jB27PPdWHXQiFXCtFODBh8ppQx1BqwG0M6tVuWDtOHXiPcQNiGdLmhdWcJVeALdD7K79IE9vzYT+lRiHQWYpGiEoVcOUJC1UmB0E5v1nfA1qClM9DrA3ECK5sI4U/urax4SVU+DKKS/nF3K/NSCHcWklKWmNSvzyHJmp0SA2nEHiDtgXEW0id1uEKFrKejhWaSBVe9T+tGLXdDOX8tqhCsHqcsOniWv/KBQi4UYkwYpi9aATM9+XSEGAEDkkKmrPu5fgDnDursTPJGK6tXi56FN1czwrL5WN537ESP46T707ICqVO72TNQyJVCCjn5NiGYftqv18BPQStsQmUMVnBkfRPKHphlWc5p8528e71hVXYDNcdnQjVwy7APZDm9QiGfU4eILFbq30qIhUK+lxBTQyF/Kaln3+4yYLIf/GUak6yikIuFiGz1zS4bxYPmwfF7wJcdxxkPnkS2w1x09zZTf3kywNJZgOmFPlltMa5SQCEXC7HSbwsZ3pPQJqy2UuFW02nuNDq/ni9akz7dKJk8DH9cXQpOEmj13Zo+ANlEIe8Tsi8CzIZcTXa3eSIEJnuAYhmMOstavxRCI72OFr1b58Vb1XSdlJXp3O7HSzmf1JUA2T4KuUDINDBh7APTzJL4EiFHEuVcDpywsurScELtdkMY55+FSLfKjj7ns1gzPwbDVg8WwA+niR8jJJUeBfSKJgq5RIjQnbWUHgzavqxTIfsQoO637F3dt6NNQ62ZTCablcyzkILk7WjyuA9+PIGd6XV2S/DGkHgeIaW0lAkkFHJxDvFzHls1uvWpr3NnIWHdsMvTaSp6+H2eoNSMF1MWDElcef3nrxImZLM7LrPK9PzzxC4f1jmSZZL9EQq5QIik6BMYrJvGtksrQCvIJ5U6J9eNRjKSsGxTyk9CuOSg0KRPXq1sGudBlNcXSWPBOnzt7k61RdAq0Xel98f6yVlwxlyRGijk/UJ4dq0B7wfyLg3TIdcYBjfuEQYb1ZWTr5L6hMRUd4MDySH+mL6Sjm7rdlRX30Vq7kkKuntaPLfUHgjb/qlPFg4VFPLeZa8Z3fArGVwDMg16F7DBk3hzmia8rkPcJfBGPupQoFml5EbSuIJWOn8o6bp7Wp5xBR64klbSCtB0UEh8WyfPMJN/beAKg1/V8784yKkySfEoJHYhuJeFQlAICvlrQv58CCbJyxedcYmHYF7Dn4+J3dyylxwCK7NDPCb2Gv54kLKkjy85JHlqJyQ8SPlTZ/zNZSeRptQ8Bu0TmeqjSw3KOAI+j2aXubiPk8O4fRaG6l3eqcBOMHKftAa7OXykWzKYY+w+hf1G+FC/ZZDF4H1KQv/ogimRbmD4YkcKPvx9Qi7MwYrBEMZKSRU/3rnB1sQQYxhrQh8er+m9UNsbDGKc3A0zV/Rub/fdPpbsMWKpVz1cXarJp4cUhjG+hN7tXfkJ1ZQrYhzjIWWUVAvD8G1oudnd/n2pe5p4g/tErHiF/6uQ1eawzbxrz32hHO6+jDf+z57/OJ7iTjbvquoqae7r/lrbzv9VSPig7Drm+4R84a2P8f910ZYZ3rx3y+QNIYLEPL0nrGK5aTvGVfSHhMzaVeCP0uBhN6qKuVDkQdud3jI82j4e98BZzj/snQlzosoWgI8RAaMIIqgIwaCAIoJiABdccP3/P+l1t0vmTXKdyTK36uqcqlRSEjumvz5rb0ERIFr1Vt6NAGFF7t+Q7lUgI9mDjF3D66prq7Vn4xmVH6cd8e1JP1nI47KgjB8Gkxpw9MwUb0VDtIdu+Y9L4XVT6Lsma+Z3ZQqyCAj2+B7e0XMBwlOa+9PKvOhhSGLsvB4CTELgmFzzZkyW5v0Lf6Qp8dd9SHCoAgJyPOTkYXXREF5p0XqB4qFFNshxJK8w3OYDAdJgAqg5CazTntxq3AqQf2MJmvgrINxBvQCp2qMLkPAgHad2p2SDHD6wDhpaHdLqUbPkh+WCbCEV98W/QL4PSGSX5ewJSP04l3sE0kzcpYq3Lpgk8y7j9yr7oC67R4tWyjVpwkZYiPcCJDg75KdUeSdSFc9d3aSePwtkKkcQ0LyCgPBVud/p/ODUjShtpwZ0N3iDXIif1Kq7ndweg6iAVepEcpFvlmprx7gXILlzDTffrf38rDLU9RWZA2GDCc2UPgeETRKAju4NfAGme5lxNf7/oqyR96bhXgYaUgti13VjEBJd12O4fSBi3YxFiLNgiuXMAPLmm4PF1m3BOl5gNHdG/HL7SQ2x8FOhouy3Bm8ZpVKNtTb7q4WYJ4F8NSwDR8TCe9vobg/I2OG4/Q6YOuj+bqg/VWRippskkO0SOBKy3xyZB68u8YqTxmed+rGXPfWMvKJ2v+MI+dsCIgXAtrewXIPeAnYyFibEeMVagGRLrAjOA1opaQZhmcv5LwH5W8u6DmSCMpQVAeJGqO/NE5BOzcJCepjOIKePswYoPCBvY/NfBMJefq3R+AvknzXE7f4ApEyuy5FIbLodIih14HkwfR60FXwRyIw5/7R7Z7or9i5zxKUyCjAqkUc+BeVF1j0AIT5kQ3wI8tt2JBx9iFAhQkbwYJL0dANaGnSkoWaLXwViXXq8+DbPK7QT/9TBjfQwB4uWeuhPshta64n3AASamdljFWZ9MFECEg0ab8NeGGTWKP4f57Abrmc/n6mDwmlRC7IZoOrl1ZqH6M3UkiI3QW0ffy4P5TmEyEJuGYgnA+M+TJYVNT3ne65n+SWQ2qTntRdg2uAddqpcBk4jL292WOJjNo8PPiFjYuT2/TFkEJ36gt04j7o7uAsgnCR90xToL4FEPvpyINcGb4K6OQWN3GlY8VQsZFSU0QPFJ8WCZA1IQxSfy8gLgTuIlTS9C5P1Rp5rfwqIh0Y7JRMgyK+r0gmI0BexlM4a0ifVrpk8ixcZC5RWveWzAXodn2l+j0DU4dXH8SZQO2AUNC2ofhBI7BjI/FyAPJ6AlB6GSJakmjaQKVjrwNfYWJKYQ5uozZAD0ylBwNwpkOtrocPWWkpZqxx6E/eDQPie/aL7YE5ARW8NmZMPOWUnx291O7XHINoK2+A7Tgz8ywu9rAG/ag//aVfjDQDpP0jDJoRDZtcBVdvSYb9H52CUVqWXKdaQhvfIhDyvStLuvfLRDN+SA+zleLjfD3upebkNNREMFPmWmqC8M70hmujFypy8n6qgz2qO8Wfg57nR7UZZ+jZrDliTEukWbPeRuWBmoW8NDto8ZXgExHPnlF7uO2Mxhzsm3yL3ThSO/a2mx+MWu3Llo0A8z/Mzf0snb4EMpTJyoaN1lWFgm5LyoeBnp3sDjMXUG4LLVKv6S1EuzIghaTTnWPrHQkfW5DY8vpib+3AekuN6HvsXyFsgT96Lbxo2p6YubBMESIUnvzlwLKgsigjI5EUNPQqyBcbF6Rgfl7vdbnl2rjxZPvK1g0X/b3Hxm4CwgzysXii/Jgx12PYAliEGMjp0O6rfQU49WD5DzaqUoLbAS6P4tYYlQyY0is+CiW/nLrj89wHJ1a89ZYvZZnYgwAh9e75FII0HndYpYdh+dCXYnTTEbk4XS1c2sVO3Xtq0nuuj3+r9XNCrDF3XRq09tVX4PiCZx2tP+YSR7H0J/IlEizdpsioKvnkwr4w6Blioy2vPwJbyilxSjGNiyA6yRoM1ssW39XFLyeLMkR/lPwaEz3lmBbJdr4kiJ3HujRpmF5nIuOmNAdYo9yl1yyiOmpY96o2b4fmGJgHYs/vKQ7LO1+bvrgPh3CAVG0HS82MIFtzQ1hI35bMHKZEzGEhf76307EhfcRqO3ngqh+UMp+OYAL5OFzp3BMQqC38QiJ0hyYtVSlII3AZMOKg50+KhjxL4SjiENBmNhhrlnFKTfLWHpXpS0bKPnMe4P54E95ep/yEgOeSQSvmk/egzEKCIeenBs59VnGcU2Q2Q37InjxJd5wttNyTNHC9BPA2RhnQCYcq3CmRzHVHH1ecwjU0U2j7PTDP3emhMZRb/oEh9PIvSpPXRbzj1KaNRcgmpBwHyqELFzxb3A+gvaggIjWcPkT50KHKvgqCROUvt2KSyOC3rVe1bBdK7vlnQklGO3hqu2hsoab1EvhRaDVqi00tvh3aKPK1A+dlfAeG1VjjJDORC1XGBQ6E2E0LFyQ4Ow7qt4Shr7AdrLu4n6w1pDNk2wzBKJ6+m0ajpJpfZOd7tAOmsp8hwmGy026IhmLTAQ/+4qoCgBuGb8WzZaEiiThgviDq83nVQpUG43Ctcc8YQ6gIYk18CAXO3jViYB+tcF2aoC7siCOta1jcDlQcKtdjfBGvDWgebd9a4q1hDrTDYjm8oyuLpKl7a/1xAY5DCQPQIBS4zdpWqaQ93u1AmS2ujIxCch8d1+gWHOZRzmaxj1qi1c9FkNqnAwFeg9BtA3pem/PWU/j9rsqIJK8oWPIlzd4OB4HU/7bHoROOImGjBq2LpvgKZbV1iIrhLRZ5tl8+LtHB9EWmHJYtfAFKUnu8XiOWL2wQUnen5wRnIBMFA0SW+WgXlhgMsxisQgJGNutpavGZkWEOC83E+OaQhU2TyPw/kvmtZ3KodI5sPQGsYyDIDxn7cdKbH8AY6nISE2Z6B4GVsioP8jWe/njpWkI6L64iUHBHK7c7vAKlF15Ocfr370TpwJ6xP/9tAxIPNgygnvYUGqwJETpLuY9i2uV5CpjZ4IZ/PC6RXLdTFlVXvf+ydfVuqTBPAp0RQE0FeFFBBREBEEE2RNHzNvv9HethNq3PydE5qPXfG/OVlwnLNr93ZGWZn6KjLAKsiRiaFX9jdqcsCxcPoqQdbJZqhhnj/YNQ5//2aNWsxMflZ0q08R2SuKHKJp+naf5VuIvutZKl0nQ4Csh1/byC5MW7D5YW9HnCJCieeNtFRTmAn83bbW+ZzXBnFmYDNIl0S1pNG9fKYh1ywC89OvOSWjax4CIhZTWbekGGGmeTKnlFFPVobOjrBJr/NRm3NUFJWh7Oe97UcJ6+jBA9hbF8eT5ltkx+Gnaf3XG77x3jq7Cz47Q127/XZDOaXtPVM0K0eAFJWUQYJ33HJZJ/cM5ptMvmOAn2pqgG+3Nax4LWslUy5EXrTTj6vXKwuWSw0hLHzAqTcpfHcpDAQ9ecAOUfoRPc5GHTBbOY7Vh4BSfTtkVBf8M05dkvbFBZuDyT5MUzE55tIapwoXKLZFyAlt1jHQMgUyBGxrMUgH02BWwquo2tGc+ziGWJEhUKEPRnmKVylvAYSvgBhq53A7qk6G++BMDMJ6BTI0UBCoxPllahSnIolzeCzCZCVC2qr1NfxJiLEuRO3vT2QmooaHr7abDVETXKWwqOwCwHrMbV04tFu9/2tgfxfzqnbUYwOAVWI7lbXLHMoeqGlwsjPch28TA1DLNU9kL44CpNN2x3+77FrE4K2zLtsu7Md8ayHPKX8pJ0lVQ2GE39GsN8ZyKBw5qJhh8qS1d9UchhFMsB9IZC61f7MhA7ZrQxA8QRh8aZO4BqtRPdzasRA2UFf5AcC1cVrFROUXsK9sEr2d2PSUOclwMGf7wlEaz18QSWxF3/+45761UuVhtaBKoLtA6Vpm7OnCEJaDejv8nEgZk/eG49DR+YOnX1jtJ6dAvksID8slpUC+fFA2BTIfwqIWiz9WYa6Xvp3+euvhXaq8L+aaIp8RyjfIT8govju3UhDSxX+V2HMPwuvRR3e/Gdphv6k+d4P2FTdp0l+XvnYBR3XTLX2mWGDxUcramyWTKq2T5Oa++Fa7fngJtXbZ8m9lfn4RWlThk+ToXGU18BFvVR3nyG2IB13YUetptr7BKG7xx76XJ/U+iqVwzJyj26+kl9uUv2dW8JIPv7ik9onpnJIisb0lMt7Udoi9LwGnTqxisPxLXhTOSSzk1uutgpsqsazyYo8uZuacjtI9XgWMUeoauIZ7uN6UBum+jxZOCoTTc5xo4zFLcapPk+WWnfuNc7g2Cn8lBw8pPo8WerxfCPcnX6fxpJeOEGqz1OF8R+NdfEcdypJ6uM2fV11si0Ors4WGmx4QibVaCr/GZGzXyHcLzHgzFcMGX7PHtOMK9xef7bcLsXXMZG8+gVjLvzRtwRik8UvGIWlXkeBG2T/C8asVL4nEEr+8lFSIEcByfH7ZB6meW4gxfdcw725yTdSIL9sZZ+zR0L3rQ9OSJ2nVCp9LKGYSShVKhNgpldX96cBKVr7DXT5gIMYSvs8355UZgHaybDcDwGiyOxegf0378nH/sClMZE2GaMeSYF6lQAxNw+baHQSkPxz0QHzrec/sjbGGj/MxB8ISwbUwtUPAGIOghEts3XdpDu3iyL0bn7PK2TVGugOzoFmYI2ALOni7sTIhjoSyHC2rNHVat3u0+UlrcPkTf6K6bdBc/CGjVqDKYbgVvrsxS9ZzC3Zph8525FL29v29Tw3jfCSJc1omp5J6LMey5AzdlHZBwSkrpKotRQj3Yrj44DYVNC+fbzrO3zvkW5TM1SDAD3NGnVyn43QvMjEJjR9tCby0RSgUIFr1/1TT4XLAVKNM9CIOVuUS3EfZL8RqhjI/bjdbo8nyNSjP+TI2isgPJuviSYo4SrIHgckE1fhbnt3J/I9pwn3EZQFvHKGeFhcTrYX82DjRDzdSrAEm2RYdh0xFw6kFA9BEQkERNThTjR3QLhpGIZTAgExnR7krJ3mH7q7BeWp9/a93zwKSC+2UV3ZBAhn5YHz90Du8bDYUMixDk+dSu2ova+Hkon5CwfSED1l8sjtgPSfgVQW3W530UKfmcJAQWUB+4kucpuFAkyVUTzHZPUcszoSSMmZKuPHIQLisy9AmA0e9iqHTddVri2aSr8Bi66iOVreVBjJyl+6UR+LVPC0ZDkJEMcMjbdVxw3KWiXLRw04Kt6SPT6gSH8MGaNAWu0jjfpIFArxMLEhnMiiVlbe291BGFFWB6qJtZJVMmrBnSCQ1uTyt706lxEzSoZlMgzkM0pTfpseWiWS65RMFXiC4O5NGBJECVXKIgj9aD/krkeIejKencmBnQHzgD9fIpIvGVTY3iQSN0npE0T18h3DycPKXbKfGTo5CGS8Xhl15WxjXhCQfmWwasKXA9FaA++MB6nS4OJ5YlkpkA8A6Xfffdvd0AgNWZtcj/gt2HICkId3D6krRYJDz9TgOOYHAtGsd3Nvx1SgdpvAL8gCzZ8LiPDue6ZqMBdUAvquq17blwkklFYa9D1pzEBpzElTmEqJJzbmRiMTtEiHplcJkz2OJ5XfzBY2D/yWgE2XzSkfmSH9ldTOsVkJ1a4fc7VRo39VZqA3zaKRg1qyy5Bq5u7Jfp8hDYDFEug5wxuriwTiRet6DTy6pW5g8rjYiMs67cvg+BuKtDORzhcWa3WlBEGFxtrhykh2NUyH5bp1Z1tLSvU+AKQU0S2alelW1xiCFd2Q6mxjSSA9zmhngoCs3PWtwJat9QDXzat28Ji7IG97lThEwiaZSoWLBDJw8aqkZ8qOch9XYW3h+ofOClh/XIz4msVpV35VrO3mR7Y+SOThaSnT6uogV92qmWnM/TsQOZ7geoGyZpUh0a68ncBYBcnPwQ0Fgdd0PI1zwhtyl/M7fEBD1p8CN0xr6RbBc8blLXmRQEq06rZBsubUlplEAKtrgKWE23W5V/3Ivomvg4BmQ8G4xfqxq7j6xd6iKmTHRkUsydW/A1FqpLFhNINcxjUwpjCMZAgNkALcWzrwSo+FIAiIKn4y2Ff1qL70OJnnc971Zh5cqFG3V37fCmHyC5DnGTIykO6TBclU8cmBGi4PUyjCrvuwKqHC84rf+ZBRl53s5hYUcbQHMjVeZgjv3D/dna05iII8x2PiWDPyI2sRZnOhNmS1qAjXdiCs3S0T+oD/T+ct8K0NSdqar/PC/9o70+1EsSiMHkUBywFEcUADQQVkEDGKiRjjkFjv/0h1L7SEzmCl1upKdayz/yVL8xk2yJ24p3moHq62s3JS9UVsxNADw7fWh8CsQCRXgxebl5wVwjwc+iYT+uX19wWYxbgcQ9GH3JHcQ5a0lbU3Z095fe+0vsU7cChJZDyUUNgdqkTj1Bk0g8tsZXV7nbEF7cVeGgu1cbIBeSTBsE5bWUZogTXu9Bh+mcu9nhfSFq0JHcnyOj3jFzqGVtjZd2kx0GVRg3AFV2EDViF0dqMWyYg0OoGfi5Tkk73AqHdydHN60ios/VX9EH/56T31QYA99fdxpE8XMh6gEBzL+j8KEX/yjN90NiB3CD77dV6y4qaXmP2dENeMXPbr/AeEWL3zz0NXZq3Gi0woZUbqlX8KVMafIEoyL0aIYZ5/fL+4qVsgsWo+nYkasy5L7v8D122mb9U41j1Y4M1V4QNC2v75r8QRzSyw6jzNjNTN8xZbta3rrnWwDqq6rYGXd5UvLqRBpwS7htKlo7XGsEAXq4mMAor3xvxfUSVvMHPTfLpv3JTRo00FmIq+98WTVknvynW6ju4dIQbNZBoCySQ/DCWRZNKpQpL5eg6QViYx/P00SLe20aK88/xPeLUVN4OR3b1Rn+gg51cXwtgrWh1P4h7u+nxjKFV8HTzZshy1qcanrtiNaSdCBLiXr8kLUllWZUIrjxndcmb2fXpLV2iF7wnx7Bto216BezBnvDH0GN8ASS5dpZlWkmkkQhS4lcmF+ZwJj07mT9547gEi+17iyKU6/vJCFG4PE1UsiYJmM1dEiEmE+ELPbVstLl6hFtD6bs3xSUid1je004Nc5DZ0leHezZTfmzblgD8jRGAX0HMFkunZlcbQ65pEiM8vXMM6xMtNtCQzPAmZuCXQN89fdrOMEMO5uyNny9YfqvolCCFHptTsALNj2ePSokLaoPnC2m5yblwzhBdilJMQWnBSfxaiiBpLzmrhqsimPUK+pOcnZ4TAgi01c0Q1yby/PglRtjTzgX+RSYXQk6Bmvy0EBKM8g3DeNpz1RQhpm2P5BgKnNpWpkBuzBgVb6QcNoxG3bJjdAyW9Qjy7DUsz2x1X45Gk9iY7Y1GdnxOik8waPFRrFfmWCJmSq/Le5qu7U6aWZKZXiGQbEJnPE1+P/95ZZSTDtgpQH/KXIASc45wH51v0+H1pmYWSWx01j4In55a9+IBYUkztJETknJFahqsyvavwvUn0ZDNGLizm7yzoxc8jFPfLnl0/JwS2xy3APIhm32+vTUlUqyNuo0hp5nWSqSdCeBBZZzQcQKMcnwf6iFNHbQjjl2qtqG7OYLKZhP7hIq4QkNxbcmes7vaPnjjrkpajM+mLIDnB+tUytOKQtKT0ftARQTvGXZZJPlhLYLV2wewGruX4Orp3gnmo0Cbxu0IKNHNFMzVxVgFvRzIFKJDMV4+YjGjjudYPcgJIx1iR943jAg3YeBe6yjrYLUQQekGQIx+uzn59Ib/Avb09tUvDNza8ZPrZ1Qbj4fwj/ZCfcWunyyvC7J5cjeoby/LGd1v+bxJSWk0/vnrKqBj/xdCJOF39QmbSVMaxLBzLQiEXKeRPPKe+QiHvHiq1yPx+pGFWu6VGvz+yWx18SSF8n+U+geA6m1n9jEw3gq+J+Bn8gUysSIIgCA2v8jcAAAA2SURBVIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgCIIgL/kBT/9TPDjPwDAAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Understanding the decision tree structure

![Comparing random forests and the multi-output meta
estimator](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing random forests and the multi-output meta estimator

![Gradient Boosting
regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gradient Boosting regression

![Early stopping of Gradient
Boosting](data:image/png;base64,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)

Early stopping of Gradient Boosting

![Feature transformations with ensembles of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature transformations with ensembles of trees

![Gradient Boosting Out-of-Bag
estimates](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gradient Boosting Out-of-Bag estimates

![Faces recognition example using eigenfaces and
SVMs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Faces recognition example using eigenfaces and SVMs

![Prediction
Latency](data:image/png;base64,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)

Prediction Latency

![Pipeline Anova
SVM](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pipeline Anova SVM

![Univariate Feature
Selection](data:image/png;base64,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)

Univariate Feature Selection

![Non-negative least
squares](data:image/png;base64,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)

Non-negative least squares

![Comparing various online
solvers](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///+ioqK2trampqa+vr7+/f38+/yKiorr6+tpaWmTk5P19fXk5OTn5+f//v7x8fH4+ffq6ur6+frp6enz8/P39fdkZGRvb2/Pz8+AgIBYWFi8vLycbWPMzMz/jSj/+/j/9Op4d3h8e3s+qD5UVFT/hRmRXFLb29thYWHw8PBQUFCwsLCbcMBSslKXlpc7iL1sbGye057cQkOWZFq5ubl0c3T/kzL3+v3/+PKQkJA7Ozubm5vu7u41pDbY2NjIyMhPlMPg0+yEhIT/nEVbtltaWlr28fDV1dWHh4dGrEaidWv/5s5MrkyjfMb6/fqzs7Nmu2b+wYvt9+3y7ffS0tLn29mtra0wgrrZ7thxwHHoh4j/6tjy+fLS5PFEjsGJyonm2/CixuBnZ2f/o1HhX19+xX3g8eCfn6Cp2akqfrjq8viykdClgcrYNjenfnXe3t6NjY1cXFz/un3/qV3/z6Ssicy+2Or/1bCTz5P/8OPt5fRFRUWaZbT/27zFxcVeXl7/r2nk7/alpaX87u3/lzrz+PveTU7Dw8Opqam5nNXayum2k4yed8b/4cbR6tGuhXt/WVaxioLJ58ntoqC8nJXr4d/+x5jRu7a/pNh+sdXwsK/j1dL99fXErNy74brWw77v5+b75eXUwua51ej30tKy3bLBwcHcycfkfH7D5MP0xcZyqtFppM1Zm8n53d3n9Obf39/j4+Py6+rNtK//tHKcXKfiaGqvz+Xm5ubqk5Pa6fRjoMvEp6Lf0M2jVpjIrqjgVlbLstvyvL3NuODAopzJ3+7lcnKuUYWYwd2fW0BbYnptW2dLaoyKudnh4OCFtdYtLS3h4eFGfqfHXGnGfp/HQVgqm0q8NUyvdK8sj2a4ZTXbpro1hIjE3O22S3DCjrk+dJ3QveS8ZIzdvtbsfDGRvNrakqL4gSQ7kS/Jo8pPnafcg0h/Zj5QfFB2iKNvpLnOnoTOcz/WbSDzchrt0txUqoronmJKqHK/fVulusx4gxy7obHbn3jxlU356N3thF5uUVO5AAAgAElEQVR42uycUYjb9h3Hf/adZetkyz6dLFnyRCLFO+nkxSjMJrXlSMzE2G3KnKaal6yFgrbW25NtCKNgct5cxolBk+vYGKyQMdbcxl56xwY7xmB7vSSE+CWQkIc9hi1h6UspoZRJd2FJnNzRPsRIl//nOBv0/6M7++Ov/r//35IAEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAiEL4jPIvYmNl0hZaUXRexOOTearpC5LDpK7IkzM2UhYfSe70kICdmdFD1VCAwJ2RN6PTFV4mMKCdmLRHLaf3AJCfGVkHkkZE8WdhcSK4uFJF0QmxkIlSS9uj+ERM6fCmpCSmWjuKlw1nIYFKfRy9H7Qkjq+BF/C6F/9uMJfv/Th0K4DGmqJJ21IrgAwIf3hRDyzNv+FkL87bsT/OivO03VAs40GVjoDZK4CcCG9scY8tbJiL8TAkcnefQPS7a6AKBW8QwkB0IAhCy1s6T7JLct99EYrWFPjyFHDr8Z0DGkwJV5oVAvc3ZaKRWYWsT/QlJaDdfd53yOBVjWZlrpp4Qc/fexdwJaZSVmi+sAjfBKEoxisRGEstfgYcx7EooigCY2zYcfrccT8t8759E8ZFpCVnCI8d4rCrtCKuJsTgZI6mX1sdXelz6988OAJiSAQqw+bPIpLyGSO/SZwLom0ssrWvFRlwPff/AWSsi0hNDDENezRtDlVJPU2Ra//tQhC37y4CRKyNSqrGtRnTJakOW4OSwy07SeLnupCw8OfxslxD/zEOyDuy+/E9CECBm3bnHycXewnAnHwBw55j6YGP7y7rFfBDMhyWEds+qduSwl2Z3CTKReG9kSFngh/9i6c8nXM/XIwUkO7DRlm02hxbjClgcpqCYBbwAxMAMv5Ldbd971sxDija9PcnanqZTJ1rBm327kFTAYlfJWGJl84IX8avHeGT+PIfSBE++feIL3D263xCvDeoWAdKteVF1xfBp3axZ1LfBCiG/eO4z5OCHbYwj52M//X0WTJjh2xuyxSUZa6/DUsLMs2UTQhZAHXrl7yMffUe1eZeW7AHInVNOrQIRqc11wuKaTDn6VFfng7rHzfk/ICzQPAfLvd29cCmJC9qsQ+PWqn8usFzAhf1i8c4ZECfFPQj7cunc8hRLiHyHvfe2ej8us3ROCjY2NXZqIZJCFwCvMsdMBTEi3IvI6EJQ7NaHSkCIiQNLejIUgwZHoiLfRaySxdMCEkBdWj10KYEJkBjKDjqYJG7mSkx/iwrykcYQ+xLUqe12y3I0z9aFJ17lcPmAJub96w79lVoL4+PAEr17cEaKa0YqanasblW5ClQmak1Z4J4rTXCjMQaNyLa4mloebAyvDk8FKyJ9Xb57xsZBTRyZ49/TDQxanhwa95qgxhIzibuhr0aYV1SFfa7lCFMgwkOwbdSzGp4KVkA9Xbx737ZeGu48hRt/9zXXnuw0eltSVeKzXTMrJZn3MtrMaYdUhplp5O6FSCTVYQsjvbN179ePgjSEbTQzIMK6Fx00A02YtImqLibKicamqKFruxizDyjRHVTkqWAn5You5cT54CXk2tU7g5yFw8LPLNy7ul5n6cib4QiIXmBtH9ktC9sFMHcj7qzff3i8J2Q9C4P7izeMoIT4S8pvF2y+/GcCETH7zvPDV7lAxn/WrkHOLtw+dDlxC4jmGefKUBlp+ssemurLXrie6d1pTEEJ2N72n5Pr2JaqxpWcL+WLLv2XW7gkx6lRYbUjsMmRKpcZYZFfGIdOBag8rss3t2/l02BpAES/3IMNGa4TTExd0VscaJTazybGz447RgaUetlbivHep2Xn+QiI9hfdyORqI3kyq0ny2kIO3Lvu2zEoQ731vgj9+tN0i9+m2GreyKq3MdGNSbz0uKOM61pasodCTKDqVKiVKiYQqzFWIfrh1ndDssS5ZTEvTu7Ea53Vf4KksK9dNXYsAREPPX8i1HCEM3WkqkXeFpGul3ralp4S89NkV35ZZCeJ3P5jgn3/abulWGDxj4tr1jTbT3FhjODnDALtcMkOVEhMNK44wGPEjk4Vu/Vo/QqhJsQh2jh22i0xt3WQky2JAzHLZfIW1JWo6QpbtRxfskJ1w3hMSE/HKxGh24PMrN0/6dDVr9zFEHhIAw1a8YtBVrkQsdRT3HQ4PFSpsE0Q1gpGSFCrbQp8oqrFcXK7QrhCuEEnSdLXHEkmHFxSY7Q/ptSGd9o7ozSkIERiY571Tx4oSLA1KasVwh5U01Zu8ovvzVd+WWXt8H4K7H+sRLw66ZY2ZdTTbabBQrUSBqDG4O0DH+jSAZpWHmgqjeqlCc1mI4zhrFHAm28btUEODdIUDLKpojru/svP8hcTUzIjdMIEI4THMsDicfuYYAq9t3fbrpZ+7JySyfZJiLJmOEIklSCWqgLlbaG8hcX7efcS8F0tQ642yBpuWw6fSbplMJaok4XalFmLbOyC87rEF7zFFTaHKmmXYhDkHbV4V3T+XdZ49qB89u3X10MWgJeRL4uDiOqzh7Jdd4/LFzWfObV31a5n1Yt4N6I1bl/1aZr2Qa1lw8BPfllkvZkLI/6zePnwq8Amhu19p15MrLT4SAp+u+rXM2j0hMalUGz/Zd2J+leSMPV0/2b0obI78IgT7y+K/fHrp5x7zENUo9zdDehzmO/oGMVMwqqYsAFUk5UJ+eyG4pc65E/pCMQsxPV+khFmdWJ4zoRoqXKOcQqNqxk2v+1hvexVvLWQNfZOQ19wyy5932EjQ2LcmeX1HCAPmoNHqMBRbbsk9KZwRGEtxK9wxnucK3sdMFFiarutiBWOj5esEmwvnxTAjSM2WPFcKC4Ii10lBSeDtZpQEiM40GN8IOXvrqk/LrATx+jcm+fnDtSwt52w0S9c3o1o4FVIcIsOAbXBFpyIqWhFvyzmDDQs4GPwGjyUHdCkPWk5U9YKdTzvDmWSGIfFMrx2uiHY95TMh59y697hPEwLYBNTOjbFkXqbB7sgDGSytBnKNtRgISQrt4POJ6lI3WVZLSsm0IZPb5NPVgbe4yOoxd4eGKMG4Z7v+HJGZbykJd/ruMyEnPrly2583MtvjRLm6O1DUtP+xd/ZBTeRnHH942QVJCBACSYiAAYQQQsQhUCCBYAADHu8iBwUrxkFQZyRRqQgRMeLA6al4L+pVq55XuXLTKlqZXueudqidsQJz5e0PqtdKT0fH84873+7ujzrtvgQJDsNd1j1uye7zR/a3CQlDPvz2+T7ffX67XsMxWp8EbVyqPFeigEvDSRAYbPDC/sJYJR/8QyQJEeIWRCqWDvOS3EFvSc011qUmaYvMUqnEArphE/iZpOZyPIfYGJRDdmG6N79iYQHhZWD/1jxPSQYvRqMHvqZDKMJElcQXQCfzDMBeMmKvx+j4MrUCe6YzitegA/hM0xrUq2kV+Mq6g/AfL7uEyV9PGX6CaiSQl8EYICnPu0Yje1yyUncT7+kAjVjRuZAKQ4DnNyaZKbNeuVLnYUmD8IIXCBD0PzX4pg3TvetccoYsNOsEbfw1UYjcHPi2mPOyGADk1O0tZCEy8Hl+ITdDfnogKeMF+Bq8Q48HP4+8uLBmCOpp8wyCEdyR8o7rDEVdAwhyz9qMbaoed03m9SysGZIqtvnwwZDGhwxlrpu5zDWAwK/6cCdiyd3o0TwmyixfEbLy5bCvv1HYsAE/yaaGhFQI0vm7CJALV/GsnpKF6V4myixf3tnol+MM+VKZyWIQ1WkDTWiUDGwtWhcBkvJFI37k2n5j6J+VCBNniHDNS3Fy5dSL3ou0CmXwsHFRHYDW7CJABOMq3M5uuznwLJuBbtYcSb0zrkMhN8XyOuWhLbYOk6vMELjVh5eGJY8Hv2SizJoDiN6cK9N3APh1gtFsKOe5CpCP+s5h82TH48FRJl7IjIVdJ+9fPYE97r7bNZlfv6BmiKsCEYwXYMm8CtO93zJQZvmK5vkXetMPBJX4iexla6C2HB+VaVsBJFqbbjYgcA/P6in3b0wy0c0K9EbnNYQjfnQD4UWk6YvIC+Dwgn2SUrGtu0IMgrpOc4JwNiAf9a0ACG+/OfSMgRcyE16a3xgJQOgGEmrQeraSa6WMOcAnliPI8BVUoFOSB2T1TCAXrvZjB67tNwe+jGdibxYyr0FcOIheIEa5V5GZXHxC3GEHX1iI32EH0CRcquvM0pYZHWKCfRNvYJsrjzDdy+i7H81f0AtE0NnSEiGcniH4UBaBTX6DD3EMMJbJNTPfMa4KwguRrl+kn+dg0A8kIMMvUCd5kUPUoVowJrVoBPIWTYdwtkMW3MIN3x1PukbjmzgYtAMRukv9RHGGFypL0NsNrT4+bkin2sfGmy2pw29ww3f3/cTJZ5UcDNqB6NOG9+TkhP7wOgRgH14avpacOPQsnoNB/wzJCBWJnCkM8bOGjQBLkjGZlVfK0aA9h0C32BSicQYIcgsrDZF2XPdyMot+IDEmU66pyBkg8Ffc8N3waDAzn5NZ9APRp9qKOrycAnLBeg6g7WFXZj4ns+gHwq8zhihlTgFB8dKwBLcXazka8CO4vQF4y7ETQGC8AGAnrnuzCzkcdANx92rQ5JQ7B+SOdTUcWrpq6KvIag4H3XVIiGLYK0PgFBDkKVYaVoV9N/BVZAWHg2YgbkVCBThXhwC8b70Gu9q/w2RWPYeDZiA2hVeLOjXUOSAwsQVJyXo4mNnEGb50A2nwUWudB3JbJYQND7tG91bmc8U6Exbs3LE2Q9vzxNG11dnF/hyQnx7I5b5rUJKVOPRH2BhZi3BA6Pw07wwKQPZNnIAd7auG/g7wVvpyDgidnybJpQBEcLsRPRR2ZOA9bFyf3sMBoTH4aUmpZr2TQOCBdfWupV8P/h7vGmpiezVCLxBdnZtNK3EWyFNrTUrYf7uW7cfGhWyXWjQn9djOugxnD1lwytofnvVN1+Re/PhVGl9cyAGhKwL3GNQhHc4CCZ/YAtu/WTz5L2KvInKdgANCU7TKATQGZ4HAgwL0yoatQ++Rez3p9RwQupJ6jkeRoshpIFhpWJJ1JPf1D8hdVkstmnt7ZVJ5EeI0kKfWFTuyjh78x7K9xC6yjsVSi+beXh8KdQhGoKB/d/vXW3mZn5AwC4vjSzkgtByylOq48gzngdyeqEp+OzF87ab15BOl+ZWFHBA6gIjlEfJup4FAv2pf2LHEs7B+01qYklocEBqizDY9FkqIa9N6S/jYY4xEOAeQ8Brr0/aSxR8C8rvM/eScYa3UohfIpeCOkc/Imxuh0kUWfOmOR0sSgHtOQgQ6xww5a+3fvu3oURQ2L7NrX8Fyhl47doEBUYZYckjZ2xCFGnOEeAO2HAR7QiHHOPv9Q4hvP7zxxJW2d6OPA3ywya59oTZvIwfkFSMoCA0SisjVhK2Lpu+wg0b5QkL3rHfYmSoNJ7ZlwR8S3wWY0r7gX5xdzQF5tYjTiHxAQkpfiQJ8p+6wg4RcAlMrzHYPKrvMumM9FhaOHtkqhP2Zn9hXjV5kpdSiFUhdeawY9KR1oovqVssbZKBTK0YgIlUfFTBHDoFm1dthu+Bs4l8AXmhfOBzZxAF5tQ9L1VtiPKT2IlEcoQvVQpzCIkW9pQn6uWSv4JRqPPkQwPHoNQDrX7drXzjNwnVutALxVFqUCqWb83UIoFsm2ndiYA6uCprWvgAslFoMaHIgS8OJ+8cwILGL/wawd0r7AsI+qcUUIHesd7fh2w+j/+yofauz2Sa1mAJktephG5FN3lm80kH7wsW8WpQDQjlisKKwt5wKECgY2xCOb1euOgi49kVeSK3lHBCq4W1WdHsazJSAvHE9OYUYnMSvazitfeF8+mkOCMWQRLWIk3I/pgTkwNX7S8jRp4mXYdr3BWhKP8wBoeqdxECMnlIOQWr67r5GDoVbjyKO2hetzb/IAaEWRrN3SIg7pRmy+s1HO+3DNYnHHbUvsKoJm+ZVuLlxan0uJSDQaM/qWBAu4y9faF/YmFfLAaGW1U1RDUUe1ICcuHq/xD4U4i6jg/ZlUxM2zXVIQKuwN5YSEGSFtWTpIfsO4TJi2vdn7JNaNLcBGdI6iqjlEGi23mtLtgstOIO7jA7alz1N2DQvRzCopy7x5zQQYeP1P7W32btIEdxldNS+KFuasOk9Yxga4RVnrqMGBJoLrv88bId95zLuMjpoX9ZILXrPGLp7pKXJ/SgCQZrfvP6/sCr7HuEybp7WvshGdnQG0XvGsBP8vBGgCASgRnX9blaKfYdwGad9X7Y0YdMKxCPNYrFExVEGghN5sm1KIOAuo6P2ZUcTNr2ncH1GensbYqkDgRWqfz/ZbR8TLqOD7wvAhiZseoGUf++PfA8QjMhY2C77+NPEszO1LxuasGkFIuK9MhA4oBrbbrdQ/LceRWdoXyiNd/nOIKacMZyOc6qxY+RIQPQyog7alwVN2MwDAuesY1MWCuEyOvi+LJBaDAQiuGb9rd1CIXoZHX1fvDOohwMyv0BA0N93z55GCJdxhvZ1danFSCCCB323SFNLcCb6JDj0+2LPuLjU+hGB8Mgv0d8fexCKnACCfesPrHfsI8JldNS++Hq3ag4IhbLdosBvESuzWGSgDw7O5TkBBEkZtx4gh4TLOEP7IhV5kbU9rsOktMJ/PoDwlXxZMAp+UUZJlFBcjiqNxNNq9x/29qovrCvIEeEyOvq+ABfriyPza99a6EwKSyt6llfG58VXzAcQvYlYsNOQgyIhvrKQRXJshuikSWmyH/j+nWOqGnJEuIybHbUvFhvri9MxJv4LFEV1xemmyuz89Mjs2qbzh/3nDYiIBPKxWd2hyMBU7MiI9P/cnWtMk1kax0/cfevO4nS6XZlRJDhaQaNWhrJashlm64qdpSKLdRvKpZSOUKHQ7o4XRKOzNhUcLBa5WbkXgSlQ2m6KwlIuIgKSGRnjqMHE4Ixmnc1+0Q/zyZjN7nPeFi200CItQz2JiVEo7fmd5//8n39f3npYIYi48shOhMtTU2d4X/ILpBFQJ+IyPxvd+ZqWiMwYRnRcTFJ+vTA1ftF6yIrN/1zz2cffkpIVsPsLyudfzUuyEIr676NiGxEyZZzufe0HTRoRA0w0flEn8WYNVEVcbGwcMymiTciPX/SmvnvTJ1/90dbU12x6f/XKeTR10l/t+ffN4hPkX8mU0dH7OiwhMGEubSY0vrBFnBATxwCBwijsr2/xbS8dEZQ3s722Z3zxp5t7SSI0fC3jdO87g0k0M1+zBO+fSfDLssRJWKASMiPqpfGzc1jSg+HUWnv4p4FckogAp4zTvO8MORDmQ50sJSbx0rIWEChGLBOqosxs6xWe3AdsKQNBx3f8ayAXf+K6LWWclvs6M4lgAhPhz65dqVJNljgBekVsgjirTJrqKQl/AIJOhf5v4CgmYksZlTO874zABWnymdEx+cKfyXcRNHNZVmYCEwQqSZzVBgJFJZ+V/2dZDutQSPJATiCaShmdvK9TnWjEMdExEcJFF6g2qIpYGCtwVfBpC5DOJQ4katcBOxHyWkZX3tfJ02jETAYwWZx+whdCVcSAl41LELdozAsPD5Y4EJQSss9GhFDzAmZc8zD7gS3LjwMmUl9qVzxf2gYTHjOWEZeU31Jm9tbPWupA0JHQU60DRfSplHFW7+vERMyMTojwyS9V04T1EZmkQAEKDd+791Bd8kCop8+kdJFEyJRxDu/rZHfKsHZlebOf8DX1OPdg4NyjRcj3haNb8kDQhzuuNN4dKKLYU0ZiLu/rgkksIyFr4XVCM+M0kAlmlpkUUS80+04Mlz4QdD70mOn+1UsUFEimjLK5vK+LrWwjmZjfVFjiU4Uw4cVggYJhW+PzyN8PgKB9Iceb71+tI+wpo1vv68wkMy4amMxfoDCKaEZcQmZ+vTR1ccYbfwCy9sAuYogkQqaM6HZit0g2z71ty4Q6afFQu2hSjAIHszgNlPJ9jYLqZ0DQ8ZBDqPr+yTrbb0wjtiExMY1jkIhk7PkxYcQmtMxZJ9RUPs49mHEMBkx4bUJfCxSFq+u/pi6p9Dcg6FjoKVQ+cfI6Iq9lBCTW7vGOtOxEjmEsT+b5OUythzpJanF50QphxsEszj0SxBH23MOnLHT6zoqS4LBIhbrP4ndA0JWQ4yh54uQNW8poWwXKvKe9nPDEtI6xPKuntcKvT8JMzNMEqgznHoxYZkJmVpk51dc3uwms7NdWlERGBvNKhhsquTT/6yE4QjlzmKC0Tpx8TJQq6I7/wbZOSgxp4eFpxvEmq2fFYq5PYsQm1ZsRlS/FuYctmG2xB7O+XFxdjbZCEQyrtK9BYKH7a1PHa0/oRVTbNXHysoVMGWcs2aSkypiYnWas6hYVeHDC+S2YCQ5mmUn5UBW+zr2odAugKOFFhvEwCtWUbLHZBQWyFXquHwJBF0P3IFXG/a3nyGsZXYlygQioQGMxVkkmZR4wyRRnaXxuoBDVUtPQp+ZFBitKh7U1v1FaraLJpm7J2HiVocPIebYubEI+ofdHIMThM1GosfDR1nPktYyzLZm1adyIJcwgGXHTWHz9OT4BOkFDXykv8sKFb9Y9e/a8t9fICccrDRYn7btb28MmJuSFXT1DpkB/BALe9wpCJtaj4hvBw272km3NG+tISwzn9D7NUxYs0iujYPmRKa0jed2SFy8ObisJvgAovr71w3e4w/V2VN1+KulumhSJRH/V/zg6WMgqHC0fMq311x6C8NuHxxBqZt0sfhlZ2qe3uD3gyrwxAwcaS8d4t5Xti9dCsGUO+gMFkBaemP3Dra83fXPhArjZl8tedOeNiKyyAuLVc1W1l7dmyOWDoz1DjYTLGvUjIOgQeF9qu/xJ8UuwKpG8Cm0N1923sGUiiYEDxWIcn/d0P3P7C+D4i0byAMDT21j/YfsTE7ECcYzGXoPh+fNnf1oPJHglFZ39lpUzLRTRCCwK5SzQqPbGWv+OTl5FKLvwDZyqgUjdzm9rOkvBPiqG9bpAt98oE3XfNoJ6c6okIqVnxUIB/VFiAHj/qwz4+MMKtzUBjrGjanxMQp5/pUz5rkB/Ta3gwbOBM1LJdTr4tcBitJCFNardVPsWZFmvVkoIvoFTufxeUXFu0bn9dF3DMAxYvNJrNVy3XpfKFnWP94Znh8N0P+mUuRCkAcUCJBl7atMfUoCysxNh+3sNtgZgEyCHx1yrwyjwuF3Rqa+kOV/SsLZxqGd0UC4vbC0fanxrwsXX6wh5A6ceeXL19Uu5xTk3TsCcLehUKyIjFcMNArr7B2Arm8Y7cGMxjDVZrSMOBjQtHO8+KUC9HQZ7AViVBQVsNsU2plCJaeM2RhEZFqxQ9+l1NIpzP6CahqAu5KxBqAvVWo9fou+ABPyS/KR7ytkv4PTeWbaK8AIQRN7AiSgfZLG6yh9eOro399JOUCyarr+vBASs5Fq/zgMqBcpJMGFTDjSN00vuPxggKwiQrMCNpnEr+zvVoE/BUJn6SjxuO9VFram9vItFalQz9It5+WufAaGv274JHpu6/KOP/oZWvbPtywBvAImy38CpcaiVxRpsffifnOLcnMvktXQBgoYKmL94aq2A60kcpRyBApA5zPXu9s0WzSp4IJLqa3qBxeUX1YJGdRWysEa1Y41aOtdlbdyANgbR0G83vPfx5pXb12+z/b7OPK5+d73Ohx6xbx6luQdOYVfPwyIQr+vpto3lwpbxwoJLhht0HsQhHu+WYzTbIAhw/W0UE/SLQrk8A1io3njq9BkQ+yfsbPycTtl95/cfbNnwD4RWfnkw6HcLfNx9oSmvW7FqqBXUq/XH77F4ndtvl3ddA7bFwWpwn96JZhU4mi11Ec2+1iioCxb0i9by5nn0i0UFsurv6N2gQHQniE7f8KvNf0AfrAFVWfbn9xcKhHrg1Q2cyEKpbcZyPdiKmeRcPjGlQBaBVo11vgJ20RvRLNmbXB17FbDIKMTPoLq5kVh4IuMzIO8FbVm++pMt9M8OHnyH+PW6s0EbvSJZtrcPZ27KUPKgvLDr3vd7i3Pq0l+3dZ2+rzQYB6z9Fvo8kNMtNZ1T0ay2ZtYqI2pN1cldWKOSq5tV3grHfOeyPl2/POAvv0ArVq9egQK3rTvrDdtLLvz2ofPQaMIec7D1Xm7xa/HCm0SrxOc8DM/17m+NQ7X0a4eBIR63tTVc+qxbXNtcTWpUBtRFLQUR3svv/WsOmYpQjh139e+q9mToKHfvPZgmXtjxWexzfZ++cpa5nqYTwJSJBQrGbYFuDnaq5qHkDPC0g7guiPnbqLcQSNTp0B0HLqa4bJ6m6lHw/3cfbC0+WpfusPlURK/U9ynsc72jgNG4GAUPXEDJsHbOOYaiAo3KcNAoXyT4/ggEoQ+PnN4RuuvQqSiXctLekyFn3X3yYOs08SJdbmANzPU46dBW0hGVK9DiNyzAJld09usoc00joFFQF3JWF7Co9eUG+ScQXCZ79u0KCTl8JMVlDNlYPTooZz0Z2Fqc8zh9xphIs8BcDyMk/sNTgDnWBcw5SKowCzmrEOrCpPJCs6DQ9+8/kZ6+89zlx9frLhXlHD164m0AQoaNxw6HhJw5dP5D1/tYDlJ//8lVEK+d+6f3bjC1oFOd/W4sMaWxuRoPOv9v7+pe2kjX+OPHjMbEUcck5oN8OExImpQQShLyMWTYhKAQJARLLjY3S3LAC13UaJE08QMbajzorZTFvdhSwuFcFAU9uDdld4XtXVk5SC8WeuhZOH/Hed9JtGmJtDNNWqPzu9AQeJzx+b3P7/c870wy9/7282/PHkk6RYLWaFD+H6L8vz0V0j83N1XDztTcg9ntJz+ePtXcFEJwLaymYjb/0nKBaDaH//TDt4+/P39zXJrbfjotanGTaL75h6BRP//wzPKpZkEQJElrpnH6n57++mR7exat/7mpnbsI9fT/evr07998893DaQ15sySrgZPC3hJylNSupbn44/70zctSE/G6SqNql3iYfHsAAAbzSURBVPUe/+vb357vf4QKUki/kP/a+heyjxf/g9nZ7e0nQv5x+mmSvGiO640ZdVMJEVx+N182mzeat8N4K/KXe69fvrg796F4fbjCsUbhS0n41oNHzbKP1UdY/xfpr+vPXF1+3uL0P5ye1mhoaXZzQwhBi45K7CFHyaUSTVsvC95hOX/9ojSFxKtZoewjz/n9l8ff38OX9SwN8n8hP4L6IP3fQSWwU5eft3j5f4fz37LbHW8IIReFsnJUtpWPVqzNpQjvsCBHuTt72ihelOWdRv35F5aftz9i+Uf5F8S/Zr4X8i+ofxtvrLtZhOB2OJPKoULZSzRN2j7eYXn95kUJi1et+fnrP/99ifDiuFS6WxefBw3yI6gPSVKNxSjPIWL3H1eO/Oby0WpTR6EeocHx/PXL452dUun4uLQzVW8+BfXBBFyqP0VRFHxh3EhCsGfspnKoHW62wYLsBp4j7z4///f//vzn84a9EgK+TP4JiyUQsGYSqyvLqfzR0lLmFhCC/+3C1RssaOnvP/tp/4utfypQyCR2EQF7qfzGUi5WNttsNrPZX47lcktHhdtBSK0drm+wUE0KpY31GbBeEJA/2sjF/GYEPwZiYOkon1peWU1kMgWrNWCBDvxI22etTcgso3Y4lt8NtE+BkAAhBnYvCyBW9mMObGY/yv9GPrWHCNhNIAI+fnn3xhNSa71W8zGbf2O50CqWCSRBDQqESsCGNcgfayAgUwgQ4svwdhCCVSSzl7t6g+Vjwdb3LQDlX9Cg8jsCdgUBCliIz2zObg0hQju8mveb/VdtsDQ4ALaAyyYohwXI76/5wKUFCAoUsLyzoxa1yLeKEJy2xN6SzZxLNbTDFO5CrYXEpQVgBszmmgS9ZwEB6sNWTZ5DWsGJdWWjbCvnVwQCcBNU9tfSX1OgegVksABZiPp8+MUmxFtIiODyiVQMN6HlWK0ChALAEkS1vSWWCblyRrEGruE3y95iQii4jrjFhIBMiEzIVyWkv/aUYo7DP5UamZCvSwgVXozz6LcrHk8CjBYXZEK+LiGHTm7NQQLHzkdYJT2ZrRPilgn5SoQ0PmHnpJJ2YUI4xvPJT9iRCWk1IVoYMSgxIaRhosiwRTsAyXHRTa5fAu70S8NQp8VxA11tImTQaXd5BifUBn7NoDZVfQ7B2yG5rpAAT0hSmEIRckiM00oKy0qOy168rD+JqA1IrmdfbfUB73Bgb++e+aw/5jmTFqcYlRanHZIYNywpjNASHaasY68kEjkokcg70lrLrFJSHJ2lO4wQnVJinEZanElagiiTtDsYCVOnVYgMGTKugDLchx3dtLBwICpuyL1wIrzYFPfReG4gOIJ/G6MVUbrVHxzAjSTnntSJOt5WdKt+uoOdQUiU6XIgB3ElNxfVYuKYaDiLHaQ3xIiSc1+f24OYSPqqooyE9ASDPhKo8aDXKSazhFeBz49gJt2d4ew0ewIO4XuFlKyYHlbp5GBxAuCAmYmKKhCnmjLMo0ZU4UuLcdpBltagU4VJtzHLiZsP9Piw7B0wHHQCIUPoTD24qEnGLUpBWCVkTUCOeWd8Ylo0lYEmHBNAhhbs9QdcfxrscWo4Pg+QXlSMiapkSGNCTgxqEB53fu1Bsq9gEZ0pORkUFTfMDoLBDrQnW/zDJGYBODmSPQSK5cHTK2YBOJVqdgSUhjNY56VUSD8+bCfArYj6VAypD/W4RK284JieOdMjWe4ZFzVKTPoY/bweXI6B9RExXqAf9/VFogQz7mZFuTOvLXr5PmphjBknO4IQwphWa7aIamUzLYoQ0utSqreQDagmRB2P7k7SQ2sAa5UTUXGaZDfJ8aDprohb6HxPxavihdOVW2oZMmTI6CQQ3JWzxpAs6e0BP+C+ou3tXwPl5ntp5xquDhnvy7lrC8aZdJG3T1SBN6phPmJUAdz39sOZfStc9PbbCWKtdxjsESMer5Mh9M59nqtW1XDG3Yms6eT8tRx6L2jDzmxlRjvuIbXspIHzxvUOpb44sxDqirDqoMLHEE6PXqEBqIRmDkJjSZM7yhD6tDEUZOV7MloOxsCwEXYCWDRC67JJYJKeLfAZJweA9wAXt7NqNNHHdYQBl44W6OI8cF3REBd1GbPQFZUT2PIK0eu44cVDDTsCWl5hhGglqwOmuy8NVQVwixEDDfEJrZ2OnwHoHKAxjIIvWA2NIkIYqOjlBLbcQ9J4o/gA+sbD65rs+qZT1ZOdMXD6HrA7jQfsEKNfUAzHIzSqIDh0dqvYQRjrm/ljRJ/2+mCTkRPYapjmAUjjENCVsArGwm4dUEm3XXjbGD4zksquMAe9HGHEGzNV96teJYyGXV6l6eCQB7tJTmBb4eHlHFwrqORpT4YMGTJkyJBxffF/bHzllLdj5WkAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Comparing various online solvers

![MNIST classification using multinomial logistic +
L1](data:image/png;base64,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)

MNIST classification using multinomial logistic + L1

![Multiclass sparse logistic regression on
20newgroups](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multiclass sparse logistic regression on 20newgroups

![Early stopping of Stochastic Gradient
Descent](data:image/png;base64,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)

Early stopping of Stochastic Gradient Descent

![Poisson regression and non-normal
loss](data:image/png;base64,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)

Poisson regression and non-normal loss

![Tweedie regression on insurance
claims](data:image/png;base64,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)

Tweedie regression on insurance claims

![Permutation Importance with Multicollinear or Correlated
Features](data:image/png;base64,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)

Permutation Importance with Multicollinear or Correlated Features

![Permutation Importance vs Random Forest Feature Importance
\(MDI\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Permutation Importance vs Random Forest Feature Importance (MDI)

![Partial Dependence and Individual Conditional Expectation
Plots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Partial Dependence and Individual Conditional Expectation Plots

![Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear
models](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAABVlBMVEX////L3+3Nzc3Z2dn+/v8ddrTy8vLG3Owfd7Td6vS4uLgjebUnfLexsrL8/f7+/v66urru7u4adLMheLUrfrjg7PXk7vY4hrw7iL34+/3n5+cUcbH19fW1tbVBjL/BwcG10uZFjsEYc7LJ3u32+fxJkMKVv9xOk8Q+ir7n8PdXmceZwd3q8vhTlsUugLmRvNq51Ofy9/uLudimyOBcnMn39/etzeQygrrZ6PK81uk1hLvv9vqx0OV5rdJhn8rV5fGdw96py+KfxN7C2ut+sNR0q9FlocvI3ey/2Ort9PmCs9VwqM+GttfR4/D8/PyixuDO4e+lpqbF2+ttps5ppM2urq69vb3Ly8vr6+vR0dHf39+qqqqbm5ugoKD6+vqWlpa/v7/Gxsbj4+PV1dXd3Ny1y9qPjo7Y2NiJiYmTk5OBgYGcvNN6enqKpbiguMjb4udsbGx1k6h/+Q0cAAAgAElEQVR42uzbi3eayBoA8DFXIi5UE0XBJmEBQRAEX9QH8f1+EeOjr7RNt92e3dv+/3/ABaPGtLqVa9OlHuecnKMJGXV+zPfNfCAAh3Zoh3Zoh3Zodmjnxzt2cPtq1w5Od/0Mr/YJ5O+XO3Zw/NuOHZzu2oH3uXePQP7z00BCFYldC3Ly3UO+A/JkFSSWKnj3BiTofkSQMYF3vgOy6RArIBJOB/cFxBsZJB8PJKiqge+AbDrECsiYb7L7AhKTqp3HAwHJ9dorIJsOsQICLkN7k0P0Wl1y/vykfrJrUn+yH0n91nN8+xAkX3VEgr8eCNgPkKu3F++ee2+PVkAylKOasNiN5+PFbu/Dc7Or6PGbvQD58OXL0ej26dsVkFq+3bEas86fv9l1OJ/veGb98X4vItbpiyfvLrzg0z2IU6q7wpGY1a3+zif4IWQts8jDpB6KuFzhYfiQ1O2yykpG2q42VT2A2AUkKoVdLssL3wPIo4G4TZBw5PIAYhOQcsUEqeQOIDYBCadNkHT9AGITkE7VAGlTmQOITUCoTNvlcnVqBxCbgGQoE8QVCR1A/pWd+oenH24AuLkHSedNkHCke9ip/xvt/M1/L0ZXp2/uQWodc4KEJUuXDZ+92LEUdX7yZLcOPEdv9yJWPXvx5WR0e/7iHkSqz0DSbSvd3L7ecTxvj3YsF3tvRnsxQ56efHzxN1gpLnojYxOknaF+bsjaOYeAPU3qZm3RBEmkD0ndFiBmbdFsdelxQJzt8axM5hmmutuBdKm765eBHrUDyKIX85yT4kkbGjw7vz1eA9KNhGcgrgj7KCA6KTgMlmSOxKubQTzLEXMme/h0tgQf4HzXCoj3wagvejGag8ApG4IcXby8WAMSnYNYvEa1NYgLRTrAk5IrAkptBAk15HnpxjiSJ5se41GZxhohCyChnpy/fzbW0L7n7iHbx3i3DUE+fX5/sgZkVuw1QSrlxwHRtA5I8oTKC5mNIFEOj88jKI8XHbPKcxoXclZCVpfDB/fP4pqwQAjSeMSWW8Kj90drQMq1OUh6/Cgg7Ow+0URPV/FyMLoBxJnpLSJ+omEMZKGvg25q6AHJ3PYhi+qtzINAr2DON6kYBN7qwHzdqN1mydHvN8/XgFwP70DahcKPBgmmEmYS0WdPcjRZxInAxqTuGUaMHKC7Zoiyws8CaKhPNlNBS0k9VKkE87N/vkpLOolXFm9G5tKpuq1myLv3L9eAuNLzpJ6v/WiQFCGXczpNOmaD3Og3z86ojSCzzOvmBDMPOOOIIgGP3mVFAiNSlkDGhMAJTXNhpwtEelDSy3crgzJJCoJop9tNb4/+em18jKuvQPLVOcg44vnBIAVNVemBzF0bmYpik8Hc6g3RD5N6wBktqW6g48LsJA415TGoamKynC7yCeDcEiRmjH2s1ZoKsolw2RJzRrxSSjMFb4fK8CmPjUBuPv91DsDH0euL0bOV74cUCnf7EFfb0lXcf/h6h0dqXc8eRCCcFuIlY3RY3lec8tS0eb8yfbUC4h2QFRCKsYGSoiZT/XCx0U2oquyHjL2RpwvSrXXpzfMNSE6WAyAfccd4Y1Z1WhOuFAVBklEWmastD502Ank1+mIuez9cPDm5eXofvebVd4vlxfPR5hvllsud6RlWyCcEIg9iWYbm6RKuOZYzbLRSnQypeBHkVA6HkJ6bFFQSDzcYnyhr1buMYvz1m3b12+evf1XX/NMcjZP9FtHyNHHG58+ANMos41SRkO0Usl69+esPAP788nH07nRlhqQTCxBLy6xtZkjxTIuxyWLRmCEk05CaVT96vXaGAD0SBBkN8sNoIpSahIvFZFuU691rT8yRA85tZ0ioiNHliaZxCVJL1aYTeRIEgUnDeHljYgZcoXErbasZ8tacFscfz89PV3NILe+ah6yClau42+SQQK/a5M0isjvI+yYqP0GQ9qakHnNfxnuqIXK/EAp0QYXMmnu6bXNIN1Urd3PxVFzxK7Kx3r07zu1uie6kSqSBnTjMkDX6c80q6676brZO5UfvQy6NPVl8WKFoXvHLIj/dDBIVOWN1HEEhtB5yDGZHjWkxOlUQzm2llpUSUizbIBRNE/rzmzFTpCzgCWO9NrTZPuTqal1x0SONFyCWruJuA0JxxUy8CkElkpOVodQsYIq+AcRFEBM3GKJwtldC0JL5VjM4Fy0PqjkLxUV3oE+QnNjH0RLhx0p3H7hBtGoRFgRdtv5GzxJkXn2/q2YFfyxICuNYkGEYqVBvKUWeniibQJIlXBH6uYkfwQgEhsTLXIJlqUrCGMMARbm3BNE5Ph/RYK2mwdmsHxaNta+e71bMIsAl5aqzvwTIovpuggyvdwAJOWJflUwKzbNsDHR8TAIkNUZsyX0I6qwH6cokzw9ECPb70SyOkxPRiPjXtFIDrIph4ji0FYhLEMpRGhUnMKP2EUzogSBPygRXLod7OGa7kLUeJLaovlssnnwDIhHTB6dglcF4RuuCAsNUDZCzSTJWZXwbQIBeuEzXCNhoENprCA2VpMaYD04be4sshiqRrUC8nTbbwpQsAsOY8V9CCsREuoShpIJydDardn8FkKC0BLGU1b8BiePqA5A0g9I+ralGEDhx3VHOVHdZYpjNpZOMAEPwTITTdYmLAEqBUUrnOUqFkcGWST0jI0bEM/oxfgYtVQfBXEbBVNRHJhJatvArgLhXQKxco/oGJPlVqM9kiSwEM2dTnpNoEvHRMlmCYccmkLhv7gHDTD+uaSUWSIhS6xB0oMVwZg3BE2K93wFJn/nmfcBQqpBV+tViXVb45FCjowEMTpeT9gfRa+GVrB74/0GWuaR+ty6KTXu8MTyQSApTTUMgLYti8KYcAoDM+JHFYCKkhuLxtIhkA8FqYgD7ZDbZjUWDQec/g7CtpQcMUS0U1nBNEbJUSBJSCWPNTRNN+620zj+Bm9OVu06Wxd7ZXt21fT+bQKqEbJyHOb0sTjkThENgIy/7YcQPk37YtQ4kqbNxGFIUc4ogGAIZEwpVUARBMJmWij4IUpr1fGEY7yUevNIKSEx3OqaFNoEtPPz+lOiD/YgfJbgWD8EKAkF+GFbtt9I6/vz63chzf1/WsthrZvXtv0e1+b6sDKlWGgkNnRLCbISNMULNMzaLmjDX97Xn5fVkb0NoZhfxCjKGDzWGDjJtYAZRUGNw/RAuiq1+Y/Vyxup9WcmSQPWU/7F3bs1pI1kABjsdRLoDYyGECImCBEJCIIGFLAHmajBgBAFjJteJZ+Pd2dQ8zPz/x23ABmEugbBThV0+5XIhZDeivz6Xbp0+YjTk8021DN2+oFRAAgL4kBgImK49NFZffnl7eT3LXAwXmjMfUottmlmzOnNxAAWTZyGQ0WTIIwLmARYT+UqCML1NbMtc9FyxgjoFEpi+vOtaRYCAqsbpeNxusuyZixeKVO+ZKiSWCMAqR1EwjycosO1x7KGGfPvyzZbbW03bgGyR6LDcZB1rsasQTxB4dsciNB6uWEOKAY4CAURqcmlmMmy5vW7F3oHA3pl5TJRBCICix3O/N20mq9wwlStqAQZWLUCwKiEKpFDAli/r2FuZOvVJZu90auj8GadenhqilslolCIHOhJswLH9AKYPDEWFIrF9VwRuaZRVA2BxZCOUR0hiCSRQhI9pjP7R3/SscOrZPIB5tAiEYvJSQQaKQKoG5M8Hyf0HMltb3M6J2IBkBfbONtd81LkqyOjcHGnGWEMkguA4CQIGkRbLxZcByS3hgYFQCApWgB2aSBgHZxcyU10BxIUAsawRwmrnuR6Lz1nJYeNcGgb3HYhtKWssqeD2QMqcNL5f4TViGUhxPvz1EQEkYhLHMj4+ZmRUEke+go9YutpbRnOd6ZsYLhwWQTVhddqQqfdGl5VUVgJJimiBBxhdCIGtnRogCNNI6c4O09h7ILalrMldw/JPmKxuZHLfQcrreaQCCPmGYHZ8aGzUEcH3HH48D5HyIuALy4Bo5D1LgyiVGkEBqKMIAsTB09goZmvB5UA8Glp06JDSVQJCTNZMlSAlcbLC+ffeZNGxiB1IM93bFojXjw17MHp6kcwhHM6YDB6WpCAKOpiEoCrBnyW7FC8PwgYPlvmQY+YWCLoLWpEakPDEBAJJxKqCEATau3VLJ0luSXCVRyYkIA7agHrG8ahRakh7vHhyB6R8NgfEFUm5twQSYzt4Eu13xUoCRZUkAU/PIalLJjex6iBPAEuRUagxSnrOeJYAibK3QG5HOSApH4AE0kWfSWE1wQoDkXB+sRpIlCPvhWmk5QyQIxVrdxCAap6gTBXrixLddyCDzDyQZitVcwe3AWIFStlcRxYaCWe4etFypUYOBLtxgSfhqI8VBHWWASH5XgM2DZFIAs/dSJLkefxDBIYFxBMo4MxhNjCAQoCj+BDMrQbixx6E9EFA8thAQgI3IsQdpRABkNn3S3xI1FIyH+J5vuPddyCFQtN1j0gvkfJvASQrK4p4Xu3SycnKXXaYagtp7TzSqF/xOHSNtYvuXrothVcC8co84LBKiZZW1OtyB6tCplFiGs+CdfFq6EzXtXJPFNdpSPCcJJUUxwhWImNdGQ1dj4zmRFZ9lKCVU7g09nNap8QWg3tvsqYpDjar5cxp8c2BJIeddJamk3ZjcGuY2jzF3t0WWuiKGRDPEOoRgTVmo5euJy7C/llDuPe9a5ffsyoMW5I19yHpc6cnPYpRnt21sq84vr25vltcvB/13iJJp354L2c2U0/6/fTp0jWJIhkwMqtWvG0z9WyFvigps7u7jkqA3UBJbUC86Wo0xc3dzgnKAcvxIOT55ZvPdxXl7gVZUyLhVPcHPGYV5S6SqzxlU9ZWX8W9inLH9iFQLrV/6H0XKsp55tX62ZkcfhhATr5e3tzVXExXlwJxRVqxWH9dI7aai2uSndbYiPU1FzcKK35Uc/HB1I29OcQ+ZLxVJBprOiML4sTvOfu1RHXd/bWd9/0fvd/1e7x0PCL5/uvh90LV0s4qK6XXHsaM8EwKRqVeTFWN8OHh4bXj+dfDXeS54+hypwZeO7xfv+/SwJ49W+H1h4NPg1bzrz+cC9L/+++7l7Xa4Faaf/w1qN3Kp4ODE4cH/7789eDDVA7+fDs7Onj51X7qtxe2U+9/xwdHowam7/3X9scfDn5/b//ft3/OnfztzeRwnA5re3/uWhZauftYm9zsnZKMbP/NCQ4o58ThdTyfDh6vY2qmvZ8nh16b1/g49xCSz3PAX9mPXp3YDq4Xu+LzvEm9nnc2cydfvV7+bT7efyDKfCtLP/ZJnmStY9/R5u0afR/s2ID322Oq5LD7E3Z2rB3j+Pj0hJ1lSyc/D2ST/ly3H+No17j50VaU21zeJT1bAfFq2Scg/yCQY797OyDJeuEJyA+d8X88R6/s9bI2lWDc7fbPgGxSL6ubOPsHgTySelkfX765/Hr0+l9bAnl26nfbgVz/e4OFi1omsXI96frTrhXlbh5HRbmTlwcvX3w+utwOSJR2j8Q/9dKvf9mg5mIhvHrr++sXu9Zc/PA4ai5++vPmxZcTe1XSDQbjxQQH3U1uZbIyucTqTXJPVUl/2qlP1APj0DhjK6deGZyVn5z6/xuIJznB4Wxzw9ZWUZYn1uw1n4BsDyRZMJz9+KAVrlXDuWau1upmDad3FuuOcLiKnFWj6a2ABGMRI70pkGytUGuFexlnPJwLdruOct/TdzU9cVd21XbmpUBOB81C35U2Mob7Ip0OxgfB4IB2lJ1NvyPbP34Iub2jQiMhHnFCniQBz4+y23ySyqPcNNbFOFoWV2zSfnvYuwGQi1hkTYn/eSBuAfKA4HkesSSwBMEQhTaLmMpQYqTK5kC89QDBQ0jihiQF8J0rptJjGn3RzJf6Iqc/gNzeUafLPKEKIgN9Pp73jTYusSqptsbOHKuH358ecu0+PR/2bgKETjjXJELOA6FFNE77JCiJJIeCWFCEuqBKiSETkBJbaEiRgSQabxBiRDLUHkq9DFPqKoG87hQ4RWo8BCCO+FVe1IuKwJViPb1uDdtXtfYwfVZpYfWg/YWSoHXHOLYF4k5EapWNgETP6kZFLOrneeoqa4Sjzl7Kyh1bbPsd3Sq3ohsCedZqJ+KpkmbVi6Yqd5OFQpSut6tpv0svpd2ObvM0Rz8Ek+VIcthajTbBBowcy7KcxHYsVlUh24y7q7IYK09w+OPHtgTbDYCUzyKD1Vuy7ECqoZB8zpmCCQAYeR2PzkMjDPl8chun7jZDoWqDEzlBBYAab3+jWZLqH0s8v887oheABBuIUk2VMsVmWdF1uSRWO5wg5UvdnqJUsvQtjXlt3wBIMxNZs9HaDqSf93USoqLIKmLGgXJRlSJlhlSOtwFyqiOz2xbrckNGiBvnKJ+WVJH26ATlejhAulrMkodWQ280LK2iVbWzRNEddRbqVU2RM256GY3NgLSqkTUPwbAB8Rtt5X/MXQF3mkoWnmxDEyvVRlHw0eUFAoLgoBCqSIRoVIwo0UTa1902abMvp6/d//8DdkaTxsYa7GnPWzF6OCc4jn7MnXu/mftdc+QFkTmVXVNrn2iJE7fVnkyOQKHaN2rHsYCETQTdJIC9SrdXmRZHatSr7Le1dqE5Nce2ESbwJeJRLbH5gBgKywpEZn6wLM6WEQQ5l1Mpx6vl8g8t1Y8Asl/rP6Jncw9IakoJBN5njR4E6oMgsLIjsBksI1dlpCGjGjGADCCtgXKdRe+eNSMQhIDOWCHQkb8lG/NLTkza2/jd78jHIrJCJolcLPTMEKRD6VnCnwRU0sV+7vfRWA+Q2n7/QLPjAUl36wRysdAf1sXIEMndjI+cXxJLK+/wqsn5Ygwghqe0gSER6CvgVkj0RTLI2SKSLSWzm5z5uuiSZuvB7t//85H6688n6Hd499vlzSL9PuHd9lj1ZVKhrebFhetvVbUhP93ft3NlcXUa8Rpc1mGj/0gW6QKXZYT9yKl7UOelqNHshP2OmD/dOTXb6OPtfDocxHJZ5RBdmvfrTDRkaEntNTv7DXvSmYBcZ+uktzW/ZLsQHm3SoDi7/vwlDc7Obz58BAvVok0FpqucgvybJJpQLxROC6ReJ18aiI8lda9TLfrkdOegfboKj2/29hpSBueTZ/QFYd0azT2WxrxcLTrBEASjZJG3+E1eTo/xzjbSSr36L5Yav/r057/epxbqqZ/CEUhYEdQVLjoCxzzJBJOBEWdr16mnrnV2+s39VQ0s7u0diF2a9mWHkxdkf0K192gvlvb2FqZ0fdplGBl+Ix50CFubOW2k33y6Rrf29c0/vhHBPHZ7U9eautDrnpo9nxyG45OGNggrlaX7M9Uci+vPIanixU6/2l7Dy6oxnuubqdPInUbDrtntBkFXOwJht3IogvT+uPN912DR7TXMnltxR4lUYzp0o8gdmUE3qHRHaICG09bJAHf+0H58A/nffeyd35y/Wp7ULeSP4GyvjJAlkYfDDkNFoZnA281GD4O6Y4Vurg+IiBN8V+uX3wMiKrPPH3KYgmJvD6IFXFZwmsDmFIfpxsUhGnbOhOR+gcaNfG2FVUoACgQWgD9WOG6zpMZfnl+/u1qOQ0wqmcXCO8jLUXR00hrg0LA2qjuVhy2ULHmyPiCzjOuOlo53e4e7JEVyLp+cicZQZJIkk/QpGFMODEHZkz1+HAPI1q0YXbsEKR29m9TRK4mefgEElCJ3cOehK3U3Sewk/eLz9ZLba7uuQuG0cJoiSMkN7Yarldt+GxRyueXOH5V/wO2diweuDNUXTFaL1JFvFPEUT+5SOtdO5HJ2yRhZHLSGp8AoFfJxgWFJSs5T0x2H4Rya0uXawcQu2fnyCFMPHs5bRJ3PbxS3+PTNXzdLgFRonACL1XrQq8AMwJjmchETnwwWD0gOa9WtFpRfMFm0gD8fRYVJEnVFYLpVBPwBihaTSd1fizo5FXD/d7Mo/MiSs2+jqJbfG52MkijIciimZgyOjgabxfW+/fJiuVzFBZRvs8NxWNYrGaEflIrw8BcAYs/Kgmu5WEC2TWSjSIrKkhaNrKcemJLjtaoyvttlrVTO5wdHcSNEwU3oDnqZwixWY2qGtWIw9GRshtF/euNmtbO1WUIOb589uU49ACQBaeZOzwIBotCKZ4/rjGx1fh6QmXjgwUkYH6kHeBWGJLNkHa/GkJRS30UTtO7olE4zmPZ0HFd8NFL3qRmmePapz05Jh9F13XEcWsccwG4ms4uadyqbtOr76p+fPqYfAFJDDgkxP+ZcFltvqyyboUc/D0h/Vqe93Yk3WQ57JxpwS6kJmZnDhf0lZMgwv+XkHwPEzsxbEGZPfDqjxOb+lvD1YFlpowq6PPv8+0NAsEdVp2jaYRyOl3jLikaDC8sLuvbPA9KoHTymBbwwqbehxPGyxEGZYzie5zyV51QZTi0ZqnxSyDKqpRmF9GpAUhUo8ZIEeUmWJawiIfOqJ/EylNXIky3V9aClyqrlVTfJZF395+WzJbfXEFv1Oq8oMg/9EeSHa99B8YDMRSIa43hAQEJV4CQlVnhOgTwPtWMomarcAKmaqnVMS/KL/USpVP42G35xDim4PD8St1Md9HZe5STfszuyPJ7y5jZInXiz1ZCN26Py9jl4/nIpDklx7CyUwmKHSZaY/DpA2rNKMZ3iGoCMkZWsAINnZyEdBYPMLpkkIgB8JjoT8wetSIZuLVwtExvqgkAjq9bFtDuyUklGc4kkQ2WYPBAh424kdXL17v2zNLjaA3tXi2zvYb0OGU6lpV7Ll7u/cISMG/NCSkY8IPlIjmwwKKJe+KosaTlPGskyMnYNHw2w7cJR6bgZqJLfWUWdiCOoFlPGIPRoqEaQs3q5A0kudjlcdOoQbm0mIM8/XKfB3pcn71+nr/64AyRdURio0xxJVX6IOv53LLnYmpcFX+H3nt08RDSE0wplpQyPmoqmxNDQSqBbXp5tJEK/dSmxU1ycAtJ7D8nFgS+HI7ILgOYwbXAoM7QLewZIjaTaRgKSfrp3jkzW8xd/nF/9dnnPZekUhT2aJf2kx3mY53H0+21Z8FXizE9fP9xs3aR5SdAHJV2gc1adFeoKitIhHdzZVqOUX0Qg9ftD+t3m6EPIygBMM5ku6DkCUeekEhDV71JhmzBCLtEIefr54yWyXPcma8t1K/7ItIZfA4bCOnYrdoHqriz4Kl3Npc3Whlaz3aZhNN0q6FdM0yyKA7E/SgAjDYyZnkohtZLtnUFU08StXmcA7GCUA3al4u6b+yg673dzwEiBwmCwWfP62esPb9IgdTXTv72f1AOaoWkZ0tZdNFyOrDX2AsTOIUe3ujarxJn3Xnw3vFekW76s5UgRrVb9Xg2aO1xdnjzK9t7PJpZzN9OI0zqc0lauqFb7MChFjtPbqCX1t69fvlv2skRmti0gmyHCr8zpOsWuYwG5r0KNVXrSx6m1ABmzwu0aI4pPyV3S4yWLUwNByI7XAyQk2DsJIltnBSpDVj0m0Bi54WSwz7VJ5OL7y8vv0O9txlEUf1oPwtvbR1yrHHwsIF+rUI+xhmw1aK4FyMAd5RKGXQClE8UtSuax1duxDstD3l9zhBQqw9OyiOAv2AnXd92oEprq8U7ULPyPvXN/Shvt4vjj1kgwaViRkOAlEkIIEEgIIFe5CXJHUbG19dLtttttt7Odef//X94EEAIGCBdnw26fGadDNA+BT885z3ku39NkWd5QZdpu37w90shDSiiC2kgS4ej6PC52JpCnosfdNSpJZMS0HiDyn0ZZP8Xbgykq3GBPGoiNZhtShqa4nC4gADCsv0zlgYci2ViJjjkFNNXgojVflFLWqI1kId++3j+3EEfUpeh+Ivs2b2eltXCLT1JcFbEGqpF2pKgPiJ1VFixzFBIvB0kxKHsdKhqIxm3eK51AYiRNk3VQSqFkOEuIPLyPcCyLm2khzvmMBAScPw6/cVWB+zqdZbOZ5kZkrm19M4EMyi4wBScQi5VkXgeQWiGJmWKtiE9GGPG1ClLOwzvLntBV4SSEzQbiSBZw4I5dJSIB4CucyLdH0lLEcxFrZBKgGisYM0EcAwLqlA3Z1RPH5wMSGZZd8PARxsSM6ThqAjlz7SafJZiUQGhJBWoAiaFWrVVzM5si/Glg6KYC0qRSKEyEVg0kPyi7UCkqxsJcFGcDKVnRZ9P1F944xesDEhJgrV2OCS7lzUprA8Qn5vlKy7JiIJjnSiUG3BUE5mcDcRfV61l49zSbo53Lt/UBsbSKIwcY2v2BQGLDw4D1sRBC4OZf25wFJO2pjAtrinY9QV3VhVJPuJsZ0WxCF5CxZqKe7itQ0fVxWaU4SudWDmSkHF+/bmVhTiBP9YQZms0tAuTK+/TBCqSBY8jB6/dALRyQTib7fsKXb+nvZQaQSuSZAG1FDEyby9KAWu1tE2mVNSPcTCAWpvd5MGckZNyTIeD26xG41ZTWqBO6y8odHM6Y7Y2Ni8rLPisWU/+30C2t4Y56NZb4sY+6pTXaXrJoYG/1+OrD+fGRFpBTKoPp7mT697k5UkrJNEwRBx180i0+g2UojQ2plr07vQMR3M+1DAzk4Oj9BHkmi9m9KpcVEDUks5lCaJ4YMjQRs2UhlzV8Gjswentpib8TTQ3zogdbBMiECPFT4k83kFpVrGhKyqtKXP0EMhmI48IjrQ6IpegRLzQl/keWD+cHYjkJB5YCkmgW1wOIviUpnUDc+XyR0a65oIR19+JA7DTBLwUkQ/jdawHEl/UnVgXE7YltmCY25pRZHIj7jLtaCkiMDWPGB9Iu88A9/8zbBCDTeZgqSX46EN9ZafKzONLTYgjGl9szHrpmWQOX1STY2gIdaAPxiVN5KCvsialAnASpdxpwHEiNnb1F3MBBfaC83urkVzXK8p2IoY3K9JZ8GvlqAwmc1SXdQMYu5Dut9QXy529bSjvY0t1G/hQDWzdbW25JquGtpDNUbedayUi4eRoatGQopPkimRfNclayjCkAACAASURBVAePYOdmQt/jD6X9y0dgudvR/bwaF46NBWTn9bbSvt1tP28P9xoXX39Rvfj1ADwebr/58b3qLOS/y40/zX//3/c/hu3H36oXf/z9Y+RXH7e395QOntrh15G3+nIz8Y23tz9c9v69BeBIff3+YeyBR3vZ3r4Z7Wf7lSEN5ZNWeZS99xoXzzWqS3zuVm3Z7NcY/EWtl3D7eeRt1NVWjt8962g0S3038lCPo3/+akf7k7zfG7vwbuyjHbwD/+lmAT/bPO12b8kOjj8v2cHBsh2AP/9NQMYKusy/o2/ncKnb/5mCLphxgYxk6unM9dw7yFTD3kVu/0cmF6vR0821AMIsN5e1yO0TgOSc2AsCyRDB9ZjLkpqZwBJAFrldG4gvzCdfEAjTKayHhawqU18aSOSkIjpeDogx27lxgdREhuHN/zEg7759fnizgrJ5O8sCuX0OJFRgpsn3jw+Z/h1Afr/5ohz6/DAAkjxrL5JFXE7aBmQvRfQML7cun5XoOfcUTaZqXq+lb3+b85nlJzPguPf28P7hDhtaiIOzdlZqITzJlsobi1hIrqfn5H4pCxGtcQPuPjn4Hdweqw/s0PtZ2R8XGnOuGU6MIU6BSiH9s8yOuWLIqXKAYbKe05IxxC2SUHwNxPgdrIsOgDQN+R2rAcKTXsTV07KoREVMPxBfdysXE7l6GSDtXSsc5y2GBwLCMErVpQaMZCTQ8xaYYyEgbofYwDFHK3tGWHsn9UtWoiYjd+gDElPUg0wVZ2z1QLDW9UUbRWBkHRJDR12AkCiNoN5KMuiRE6fAdRZfAEjS36DI+nUngIHCWc//Xe/b7MDXKdv1AJH6W7mK/MqBBBoEnLI3EchVXgMLiXX8JCfAQjzOphBWWviceolgM9c85a24N/uWBs724wFQJAk5+96UZgGp9rfL647q+oFsUMKuN+GHIDS6BmL8HCwQ5C7qjyoyeLaSQ45+zUXOqecyJ2AzQXgj/kwp2JsAibqQnNxdWAJYmAtNB4J5ik+7G/FVA8FJGOaCLggVOgYc9z5iW49qC7l2QVYXYuv4rRDHElx3VspSmwOI+mupknSWIsn+9o/yPoqDWiYTABJHKGFFrWA+BgTvCz+YmCml9kabbiBtwbVrs0IoTRvQQs7vDx9uLCrt9yYa72SuaVqAUPzE1t3a5yhxs/JllfZ7QFIHAh6vx5xNfBhDioTiskJ1Oawk/NnBPP2I9rsyWo49HWs/0RnVt3QfR5DyDQKCYJI1ooV8/OuvX+RMfVgdoUWiWZ89K6BIoxYmuVrNDWqc5jnkkXRmWB3Blwiov5lcNvy0oa2xL9iBVC8p9qb8OEnvxvDrHMnUVedJdObqz6sjTGqeYOXKBqH+eoc04FbSnTevHw7V8ky1OGTlWAGBr2NBfz3EcJ00SDY100S3T6t8d8BsVitGh622LBfqDp07isvqRaqSIiLmFvPDjRCjR9pqnuF2YL1RXafL4iGIsFmtRLCIG2uz9ePt1m1XWuNRHdQ3RQhC4sLuri0USbEBcOFlceAuZXMaOMyaBe6V0qz40G2FXQhJljJZc99l9ZxGV4gM75zVJsSQrsjvfFFdZ1AvCoritavBoZSxdJTB3t3rm63noyw/DGeL9VQ8lTF7QptgIyUHvoSXGNe2dgQm1DF05HClqt7AbXkQb4QPeUkxE76Ao2KnZ2tFEe/uE92YAMQZGxwomaRBtyCQZhyBd+ESVrClDKb0d3x5f4c9A7LZQDg7YOg4InRHN6ckbQYOvj66BojV8EmFJe1cKaeUcntyW/a6zHLTE+YJittFvaQqz0uHVd5oFMhpUvMQyQqAJEqonIBUAcY3a8YCsvUWfNRQA+IQf4OLRlHIhkuOtMN8HXbUxhY6LeleoU9tl5Xr0HnFSHB3L5i7MU9UNgRfI1x2oaRwUWoM4Ko1+kaA9PUATVM16OYHIknms4yIQFA0YcCaqzuXny61gMCwEkUQyBb2R4PKMdwY2x1jDT6CZO/j0C69WrM7g/6QHTe3Oooe61WwHO9PLnZcMMVmaW+1P0Vm9pd92kACqphuYjyB1QBJ+OUUXU5AYFvWnzEeEctv395qTJ2ckN06DxCM2gQEZRMSyNjQGMCK2Wb3M7gHOMyTgjpu5ulG21ck46fyoIbwCnBv+j3rQlJCOI625KE0SGfZMEW1tYGoYrqSGjKrARIiYGu/zsD/qTvXr7SxLoyHTk8NnghjbiSlpiYQEgKEqwQiBFGiICIqtLZ1aqedWZ121vv/f35PEuUaLlO/4Fm6VtdyiU1+Oft59k6yNydv3uTuy7c/foSwN78dfJqaQYU1FIDrqk4TzizDVqnEBgV9GL4wdIH1rNV4+e6QZAUJSK8uZCtHrV4cS2f3c/Wka3sHEkUQIgVsbZjHzqRoSVUZfyDtyZd2z3LFtQ5oJRA+W7cF4CAhtdzmhaz7H99fOLdOv1xfX4Y+TozvrhGAkA1FN0Qo76tcLN+0t3jNFPoh/hFH5eF7BCQ8fvDQFRiGbZeUWpIJdrBOvq4Wke1N57NRmpBa9W6BEytshaYscbxDwq8nM3WvLfloZdfJRA5WPbkYv1FUGZleCCRyA3lgB19vby+x0Pv/fZ26p97pqhQOKOdaPskG+H6R0TLIqp4hn9oJTi92rABv7sb31EOuyDBMUT69YdmyolGSKgqtjKWRlE6knGlUtbrQ3E8l+81RJJ++pz5uruW9ibjGLeDL9ysydX4ASRIJiC4kWkebWOV9vfPn9ivs27vbu68TnRwaGg1xXKcBIB9a1m9BvDa68sfRimUC/e6+T6bu6r6zldjKhXAezJqCAS4uBglKF0i9cO6mhnEV2A78Q3+XNWWynL6ZqaeHrFAAXWjO4CBa29Cp9m8+f7m+nBP1YoRw/9s4NJC3cqY0BXS6djiFA8HolVuaXCowC8vvfBr9Ans2VAa6XDwKCGbX4FSScGQIZfGHkajN5xuK5q8hUyZr6k3EXxf1lOAcGE5DsKnvQt9v3/0+77IOW7pJuzOPCLFfVZA75I8KXSUxhsFWcgVL1lrlHpPEFgJBSFDyyLA1Gao9PgZBol4YOqUTVkMUEBBrkCmoqr/LmmuuVU2EngqkZVKuwwJ0ZkNbZYXfb2/P7ZBO3gZCAXhEdM5r9N2RIXHOuDCCJ6mhotj9GNoljL/LmvgLKHIxvXPB7l1xZjZTEknYwKoA1LCOEVVpEvkv/14nsdnmWrHj3FOBeAeFUqzW1WbywHa///ttdof0MhYHYITygHBWFp0Hnq0UOb3LOqJhZ5Rh4iSI/r3Y9k47mzST7NlyFyWEkDYBUcGqpIQkqVbf5+BUc+tJILnyXPu5QvCJQE6dFISgifrGvhRy8O7u/ewMqlpE6HOQ8ibn6UO2w1+mryztKpZoOxNUSoVc4xHGekCQmDYqbLVE2Me6oyEVZ4cgK8Az2E2tcjpI+wKZaCk76jCw0vouAeJMoixJ6JBMrs5vKg9s9/af29lW4/lU+eXJuebubqhetMVhgN3nIq3EqaJ1kWiwU05rLSBteZhMM81MyS6XJFjBriB1hsVLVGpJtTfV9umtVfxlIKGWWC67AmKqG9xLYPfn9y8H2JtP4d0PUw3MmrKBkicKcFYvy+lCIWEYSDQCBSXLzOQhk0AWNjA74pwhKpX2hZCwonoSq0lSE0sb0dPF1d5Z1+uuQGJVMrIQCF/iMhEnYoFhq7G5QO6vdw5QNvJu++7z7kSLvwaBkidHREwxe6IA3BgkckjNmZKpTcGoOF8jIItb/B0WkA4lNTkrEBDQSWzfAXIYkZxprhMPOUy2+Osk/LoH3RSWlssXt/jL5y1nkixaw43unvzhj59/oxOxd7uz/WmiCeYJDh5mfeLQNHEy0Shl2kywURjUJlMRd7EjIIubYJ5p9Th2RRCWKEYAXmRcUY8rAMWOXmR8026yCeZ8S1k3aNX6SxO/RU0we5pMeMdD9jeZB3aw/XYvhH38/m3v7mDUJjaU71gAJyjHIOLOoDm9fxIxm/n0QEjw+Xg8fh/n+Xs+FAqFnYWtDlmpiJjEGoZuRwQBhUJzCJHtjctRBOQoGh272Yl76qPJFrONaq5+JWSVVcK7xEC0vtFA7ne+/Olc4eHJPIRnu57FIk9FdBi63Mq/7KNIz5dG07j810jU473puJAu1NitePEoAQi0Q3BAQDyApXVHQ9qE3vPTkHnX+3CnaulkmTlR7/ScwwtWS6THg1CCmw3k3eff527hVrvQu5zIgewchGE5g3aQbXQmPqwFpMC1Jk5MB8X9uExmkZWVCMMBQuPSRZilo6V8GuuXffOQmVrvhNNq/gcg8VO1iCWDHKF7R5RtpjeaB7K93+Yn7BQKp+TjtGi39BPhrHRgINZWfdoISD0yGHuviqwwWNqMtjDshuAExy3IFNDtqiFpJbGvaKwfkKP2wu5asfWB5LVIoi9otKeJwExiG74+/Pz+xxwQnnnY4A9LpyHMqPTKB+XGQJLliadraiRAKhE46rDBIiAIp2qp4tJ51yRABAIOSDkfIFODFGZWobd+yGrUmjTBGQ8CYlQ2HUjo778+zRUX4x1tCgiEbvBNpdcGMrViuuGeQSZiDHFPQ0SI2xqHAx3iEVza9wEyP0hhnLCfZPf59RPDcgQ+WkYpG8Ke0xpVe8Oa5Nax3KBFURSg0YlbI5vyB/Jy68x9YiUGgAwdDTEjFoSWINJAxym0WWo+QJhUbHGTxrN+llkbCJ8zH4BEu8+Fx6sXlx9fT2TqIQ8IJLwCI50oavpgjc9Z3mo8VD4+IgmO1OunRZwa6KopDbtQAOSJj+0N9GPLujRWC+zatrdJeUCkUvq5bI03X27vrkO7O+NX2gja8e2UAwRQShyzI/YaSc3Xd0t/nmarBspDIA0tglAgBEBVOB2AEZCDtzurXO8jkVzCL2qF/vo8C4RteFcXTmYOn02sCl9vv7++f7U32iG2TnuZiFNtuGhgL+t6Pb7ybdX726XTEZiM2N6/OUWnB8g6reEQJxVNrJtqcEx0b3Gtd6aqdez3jHT4t1kgSc3w4hWQg8+GB/bq84u9jxMhi5fHBgvArd5h2OYG9mrbuzxkVUQu51XAo63AWdlUieig3Q+YQnI+ZPlOtphJEPl1QhajevFKTyWxZ7fGoi4+uCxSq+ucItgYW25k/oPt9V9bOXQOMxIOJfRJ/NGxLomaYgGyOi/q8cTZCiCx47N1RL3nlUyAHsOeL5BOW360vZCAiZbgjj7Z+lXbO72GEtRhudI4ERWCFBRhQFE+90OWmawHq9X2G2I7C4QRSK+C1eKfL5CQLXhx15F0Ca90upzspWL5RuiJQJikhXYItETRQhoiWY3YialW5oEsN1kPGXtwJZCKKLlCKJafI48RkK6qP6ZSwGiGU6ou9thqHONtNfU0IAEugzYfhcsQyijDkYaBXFuQfeaH1GqrQtbsgDc/IH3Ce4xXb2HYMwaCpXOPGiLBqvOyeeYqbkWyWHztau+i1Zcg7dSyFAKeRkwIDCJ6fNXzKS4urGRNjbn4P3tX/pyoloUxE1oMBFsiAq1NxA3cwC1ucU80Gndjp5e8pNPpTM2belP1/v/fBpAoKEYcq6elq28qyxW4ET/uWe495zvJ1wEpwPJt+HoXHXMDAgCK5HVKG31AOG0DAi0yBOiv9lraqGFA0qJjKIXVRxDQ6y3lMAJ2C5q1TgWQpHC1GRB/uvAqIGFydheg1YxgfLwdzM1eNKr4IMTF/PbCk8BrxqwRs1dy93K0bIYWT9xDIMD5MozTq5liCiD5jTp9neWrAqQkeTw+Nxg9NCEenvHxF8+RAkhdWRyFCXqjpQvgLP3ioj0cbCpDSCUsUx8oIn3iqwNUximMEpTGs1Qcw1LWwAzRsXztz+M5IC7xLrBiOupFAVMCMn5yfFAAaRCQ2+0WrvzTDTpDbrb+YuXjw+bTy24EdschtxeQ9ZL2XdzOEJ1TamycIkvTFv18v3hSELd7LzMOjLXnz4s89UAhEYpKSQIu73ba0GPAD+nULJNhp5QdiFB6l7WyIrKMSSzd3UOVyGrIMZdmbnvDShpNXFmNIRJNbPDUTd3+tWvxBgO1hTcAcivJndJw5Pf7LX510/bmXUujNjrXAPIL4QE8359K7e3j6Wq7vdV58fGtuucBPH8sn6gZ61Zz+tvb5ZE+AW/EAYblckNstb8a6vZXTd1THRSaN83rWtab+OfpqQMA7h9fe9PLt6a9gdPHL/sFyOCd3O4+v1ttp+91Xny+V/cGUsGLd+9P1a/dP6s6347Vh+4OVJ3vY/GHRx4gHO7ExOYax2Lh+Vfs+G919+8PL71YrNOJHX0Ph8PipWfiHHtSjap9L2Ibf9f25X+7aE9v9nMxfqDz4plHV8ToKPaztSc8aMZ486A2jzQn2gG7XbzUDgDzb8dA4eCSfw4cL4xc0q9DzVBr34s0ypIJjDr2WmShgx0HsD/87AGAh19Kh+ys1B93Veq7DmA/+qWsrJ9v9u5cYed3+e4f4Yf8AEACLjMh4Xl6I1GNP5sREG9jnaeuWR8QUmby2h13X8d39rNvOwIyeH6/o0b+x9aI2mh1TpX9k37CzmG0ZBHMNEeOjz+OHz7d7wiI5/hu1wG2dbSpiCb/Zl3CjiVq0d1g3Nd2duS4v7XPE3Z2GOf/vfZy3V1+tPRmCCW0jbLX/FbqO+kQL3tuRKn7a36r1V/r/wbkBwOC030jVhYaam9B2/gbkP8ZkCUFshaQftQiZ/CGKNMCQgnRTk1IAmgjNZMJgahQv7ZtAYh4gX4uIH7tlQITpaMy1XhSiAa2BsR7eZm6vq40pTJAvfAmQGqFq1kgF25WQA57GBIkiELyBlF4bS0kmSN1CRDsHV0mB219i/xUiE5H8p+XbqIDTKRyFTMy/ld4e9e2DosgMAhiTPM8zBRDGwB5ofT319tmBSRJ+k6I4k2plXMqZFaxaaUb0as7RLl0STDFCzKqCRXiOF6pQaUUdJm6lHIV+Dquk9daj43LyaNwmyrH/RsAqStBd1eFoVkBoRgf2Z2UGBghbwRBFglUAB3WVoVQci09E6U2Mq3FeNE3Cx8su3MdAK1FJXkuf4eG6JaATAS8XpYAyTXFoZIbdEhS2I62cS889fHT0YcFcYBUFCyTSJM+DC5CvlymH8haRbFDE8tmij1mlOuEpp3QDJCWG7EBVo4UxUe13hEVCakiMDPkhyTjfIQRBRbo7uq4uCuAXM3DhP3RvEkAOf7z+Pjoi2NOrXHYwhCaY3iEycFErpgJkUEc6LTY0Yq40gDiebsuDOiCvekGvQtA8EzEJqUsp0Sc4xnXAlAjnjo6hXIIBAY5foW3Hf34h45KXwSpmGU969v93fje4XmcW1llzMlmbDFXj+eqDT5SYjLis5zsrIgrLSAP39d+njEKUFy4qdspqqWk2KO6nCTUAyrymc+GFsMsDCEq9EByNQXH/jReniEdYRFSZLhi6E9vXx4c6qRPIBFkLkv+UoKDI8CQYDu21ZheWVwtMVvriax+ITCRgmttidkH35XomRRE8+Kl9ollKz8kL47jR0AwVddlaloRWReqxIYrIQmYqakcwyGE5WAMgflUuhmcBnStK0MEZjGWKweZ9rCUIUIvgGjQnXBMdQtAAhEinZxiIIKAvE6i9qpSV5VYMN3qyQKQGANiEIRBJ84iWawnKa/yNFKlkUZcreV+V9p59iLC9Gi6y9EsNzM6M26k7n1B+LBQbxN6CTtrnfM6wYWabhCEIYjIGwBEE0dvuJTV/nnqzWCTBysVBHYiPgbNEkFZ8cauCVaSN2hMzSh3uB6QFJHJ960knYp3bf0ZcIIvx5DD6uxRrcJYi6a3mCFeGOPjCEhHoJOiHs/Sao6hmtHfehFCzQlIsjAZIVAo6zyJdKEI2mYikpihpjle0u6US82nPAqvB6TG3aBAP8jmra6ADQjbAFtsyLNxuscy8lQbQViLVREmbQSkgUEwDJKJKFfUzeZaASSrScXyh1ymBAStYLmW6FvDIGKhUm3AP5w5hy2iHJuLq7wMh/WSLq0HZNCXLDMbniAjFUbIsCE2kxENOLpHE9aJKHFcTC7hcm2h1As5me8DyVhsfcoAIHZtHL2/XjDn0gmBgRgxxTDQmS/RwQYTrKKjEQVIiYYqceXCE1OmbLVvXu3t+WCOmwbpLh1ksBOObiFIl45Xq2jVaseNA4JXa1KWMwj5mDXm0jIgy3zl7agpkPh06vj4pOY6kfmymukmH7wkYYSgmXwUhuXknUUpF5etngmmRi4jNLEpH+8tnV+UkqXJ1IeQxaYTaTJshGyIUosxLLJwluelzGDkxLm21N0SIMvZvH7BFPwBH/88+jAeqIIc8KBo6RfTLDclnDky0q66SAyUlOj5XHVUQ2y8lnep17LWBzmkeTZfnX1ULR+EQIJlglpGHFZ2VdvcYpdpQ5BDmweREwiLZPh1xLsrQQ7ZJV46k8gsz8F/bscDdZBD/hIEEScE8zRzEZqIzzHJ91w2KvYCh6UXrGRty0sniyAHSmvNBLz+VnFm9jZ9MOzrKYIxEiEL7cnhYoDXlk467CzTjmmU1vl3y0EOqwwd7T3POPS8OXMAwLv3T2+/A5oghwSMkaK8RorWQrArao5sGu1xqVmdPFe7yXQLOP4KkXIYj2m8yUCMUEqRiNKLRGSC6k7Rx/BgA1Vh99riYrIrWliivIJzr21raEXWKg3avttZB8cLAh6V2Rsos9fpkgjICZytKdWiB5ncVCoHgpcqwWv/gm9cV4fEpBpUyfmRSbzF8AKAil+ip14oUHZUrh8Sp3OpSiVsRIfgmRlrCQK+RkO2zORQW86N82e9+72I9e+vt6uA5Cu8k2YzhMSic3k+K52NxgqpCe7KNyKsUFXTv+PrSq+Kh2KUODcAibc3mE7h5Wm7VW5JSyedm6mIwkUKb2ezpLEdwzZHOiW+xqIzBBgGpFBfSVacCHu9s+44+KpTNi9dRKT9BicsalBlHzopOh7hcD/FRtJ5LRu/fh3Dl4O2KXsl8fbWK7kyTcdPEAJDbEABkqojyBtUgeiQMgJIIEVK3I9QLrcFTexwNVnRH93r9ayDx/9Sd+1faStbOHqMBiZCDY9EwEgQJDwSnhKw8hQBFUQUPbYgrW2X7Wnvuf//jzeTAEkgQHDdH+Is15IEGJJ8M3vP3jPzfd925wGJFIFMBYShrDwqsZSyfS52xfT9LvcsG7+eFu5tXla0cJ1TQgw+o0untx9r14DAEE431A/xI/vFOSHaxYDY2hQuM72yxnuIHrVpM2nqidzt599WHR9SBaggU8rhZFJ0H/EcjovetHg+I1UhOvj4R53AMBIN9xPJMlTgqVzdui4791csKF5ky12/NEGVRIncmNnaFW1crgRk/yIEJCp9InS2VPJTC4guob+5Q5GnwbzCzmU7EcYcY0YgVAjXu5bIGUDZUiHizrvUWKSCWv+qmCx3IXbPhUvt3K077na5r0gm0e46AunjWjaA5xEX78wjKcp7IVoVb6CwEpBagJCvxtFYfj9aQMqVI4MsQiYC5BfceTqywW16Y0ByJM2K0ZvUQ1CMjlICVw8Dpz/icse4mEvuFsF9nQVQKqcOpaqamWI0FC12d1xdPGRJWU75eyh5BMqInwjkkBQDxJFwDgU7qwBJcbK0gQPnCusAouPTpS5i6vVZeyIgN8OD5wfbJHWSLxXPaEHqIKiTOyviDpROU2TNZYnxfHauW+gDMhZzc92etUthjuapVrxA01HgFCAgkqDLTRQV3YF7scC9UrJS4wjg7MoxqwaQqi4BQTNp+iWML79/b6qUPsUwO5WT2iToR6q4A0PDxxfXnUs3J5DLWqhK6RNq4Y41RtyuciERZUKNq3ApeZFuwCncFkokxcDQew8XSVYUeqee3iqJrcyVU5JUyF7UV7AM3nz4sjROn+RPuiZHZO9x9/nAbv+uitSv5CiMDDlRFDgERkoAxqJLLYZaC1d052p348rfdYvZcPbKX4LrspLQZLl5bzZRj2FgGodotXCnY1dJGgfFjIyORmot3NQiJs2jjPnnRUaaURZyRo71NggUJfthgZd5e1Y0LHW2d8tuu9kPBoOp1Mc45AJwuyPuck3AnSi4vxK73QbidhKUgNOoLtW4Ujq8zEOWNnIbGh9iWchhc5RMN99BjlEBpMkrbPwoXb8gMWfRQDy1MP1+GSvYbMFqrUZDySMiwDvQtstyGqBxlMII/1JAsl7pKkDatS4gzcxCUqHmzntgClLkKjhU0UZwYAGMJ3kqnEu9GZAKGYogeVJIM1GOgNGdA2W5LC6rIxBLh72tsRyWgyyuC8hSJs2j4+T7AcQS1shVoICK5UI8dfxmQFrh6xRyi4MGT4Xg8yUdRLsuAgJwB4Up3O86gNxS47YhMLV1AVnOpHl03HongGwVxonVCRxwPrzaumcybwYkmBBv3h0OZQlsLOiCsgyDB/ppLow6lgFSGkuxgJzbviYgukqIGlbTnXcCSDrWUPUQInzn79xTxdvE201WjQqLwYbbcgcoBsUAVnLiCTrkJEIhtkgxS9LvHZaQs2qksfBaw0p6vIqXLn37PkxWMF5R9RDslCRbab5UYmNvBsRPN3JpmHDnoWwehoZwcH1KAiJc4q54cvFCuTt+TEGfZQprA6JdkqXXRe7SJlVM2H7RLHIIXpYkDRRZexzgAL/rkkyIrayqZzHnYr4sQAHBLgHEYS9NX0Nma3G00ChkYl6VBtXsjCHnlQ2WI2f0yakASa6kNm220uZc7OsbvO72bFNWUmSfUUyWAzhZLl9g+uWdVeHtMlbSIIdVyhtVwkkRfOw4CXAOQP0Qjini/LSHTFhJp4GEbLAc+KnBjR1qVlKkm1zJ2bhRNWei8eTrbyjoYp0uA7pXm6x+jg7lIwaa0iLe3ghMeFyWyzxeEtFFHU68zzvrIQYQoSjTZphp65/y9srFFZYTnM4zo3G1mrd3Mx5SLQAABsBJREFUmc6bKtFoypDdY/0MFzko2xG6cq5XehxspEzTrSMjfVvfZOUZWdymAzAOAgLFIzob+7Wu4M268+eq1e92rclyyYTOKBYyPsmnmKz4sQGu2abfzNNVSqSeUATzUCZSTm7UyQsDy5T1nbqsYyiWc/8Zz8K4AroTP0uDQMndsZ2rNm1qnPrHnJRTRHEA/EZvQeXUV/p0809XKQo7FxOTBVDMH2OvkCLAu28FZEM4lVv4fnC/WsgGMEBUUqkYijuIMEloZnHVgNiiXmmjbeLC2dh/AyB+Q3TlzdzZOwDExowBQXE2idTJki0SOk2LbbazbwwQrTjxhjzcj5e4DtSgAqRQi0aLYjiCCpg3vQiQppQzQdmPqULT9QZAagVjbMwm3po7AcSWl4UeAMpkjqBchTjGKWcukf3rFdmTBeLE0yCPFFtjKYDhOI2hnCBgKEWC6iJAEl5JoYEtw/0MlrUBCSYMkmPXNswOiD0dkr0pj4U1rjxYItvGANGIE09tUC6Wktb2OjAOd1RrGcp74Y+lFgHShVlIvp2zIS2K7qwNiMUgf3yzUDE7ILYGeyorfAp4VuPyLDk9cn69VSe5BUZmC/YQgPV5ID7i2zmZMTUgLej9JYNmK5xvrQ1IsnpksIuYcOQ72pOIkicmq1xpSFpabFGg7lZ9N1Xvu1amTibF3a9zcA8U7QjoZipVgMTF4JQIr61VNAUk1toxCEjOfBsPvw0OB8/bo83psLcha+FeJ45XerwORU5uyPZt1TbzDCoJ3GOsPiC2z1NE7fdebMbjG0oCTbYjxBMGOwh066bLn9gfD3c/fPYMx4BsRMdjLMbAlQbTxYlZ8z2s4lzMBHAo3YyShLeq+zinuZeUOK4g6HWpMG6+ThY5FDKGATnKJM0GyOavbw893zRST0jTITzA6fu7tepZKeiSw09pFAt479vFj8hWpj+b/lYi9RRLoNj5+rcyNlm2xPnOzvvtIjcnI/uN4kMs14BA8VK6GKKu1zMYqwCJ14+zXtCISoMmmS9rgQ9JnXrBG+ToJ079vLZhHI+jnEnzJ39tTmMApnQtGqJqtvD/BQSOfpS58UppZ7FTTwtv2Z85FnRxJXaaa5SNit+UgPw89MFyIv7tya+2T3yTorxSFc1JO7L9MPu5+aNx1dLBTPUjZG9X+XD8ZHFFC37lBrEPtn2uTree8+uW5KIT6XYh74ZXYKryNDgQi/Uf6d9MeR5a50/uvqoOrD5ktHtgHT6rP/G6qzrofYF1jOvR/szgVTztgRUoX1XXY33VXNSD9s0vPfmFB0EeDw7+JNIZufz734ymdP/9oz3x59/Jq1j6+M/BwU9TdpRPetotnh96vkeHxvSHRzNcULe5p7/Ub31Xy9n4Nucq0ta9qdFmGWk//nNOl8UOC7wWu7rAWjQnTjbHx4iZy958xx15kBMdOSCf7UkvyFR94OlGXa/qPd/2yDN9xjbPaE7rxq6u+sQjfmHhD+/dbOu1oZMnxKc977Nrr9e3bXKJHal8Hs7P+3keHgfPcw//26t1OKsBYxsMVV2k90UB1957eVDe+zH8+7dHGS4/WIczXfDrUNULPIOvg2fl2f14PRgq1uXl9cdzT8f6f+4d9p7ViOz9sg5fNMcvcz9rwvLyd882Hzm+7D7OGtib4X/++T4bm5/0XjbVKQAVYN8/PBwqh7091QT65tfBp0dtRYNPqnZh+/Cy+2H66EZfxB9WBnRfesPDB52WPjp4sf6vvatpcRAGosWCh4I2XkMlv2L/RiEH82ViTAxqxUP//2ntpZu60m0OC6XknQLim+iLb2a8TOYbKJ7Hvd+6diNW67BvCCZ/77EbbYbXnnWENZHrQXPH0jvJO46t94pVqe4cYqL1PUuwiRsJV82qf3aTW/yTFxjIH2KuEpxtjM9CPazrhxxWEdn5VTo+oHXYd8RGO5Y3zW4z8Z2f39741xeO3Gf03GxZn59R5815Ff/8sN7cW97kf+z3uPkAERHB/a+zTiQFA4K3oWVJ01IEmPgSjqSDACUvDIUcvj7CsWs5cxQ5IhBlgvAECggcouH/VWhDDQPdJyhSK6kuRFGk61BB0glJp3GhJUxlacpWL6XNXL8+5FRhNxsle70fpxaP9HLBWogJBQsCe1y17cg/QRAwLoVNf+m0RqHTSdO+k07iRElIx95QcxMku9qXCTAZJqQpwFZWB6xdpWYpRN8FC1Lra1YqKT5BEMadaawDAyfBlkUMAoUFqSP8BB2DbHEeZgIsi5h0cDt4GOyJC0JFQRlwrQlOx/vd3iALPuILiYiIiIiIiPhnfAOX+RJo7XzN3wAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Common pitfalls in interpretation of coefficients of linear models

![Scalable learning with polynomial kernel
aproximation](data:image/png;base64,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)

Scalable learning with polynomial kernel aproximation

![ROC Curve with Visualization
API](data:image/png;base64,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)

ROC Curve with Visualization API

![Visualizations with Display
Objects](data:image/png;base64,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)

Visualizations with Display Objects

![Confusion
matrix](data:image/png;base64,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)

Confusion matrix

![Detection error tradeoff \(DET\)
curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Detection error tradeoff (DET) curve

![Parameter estimation using grid search with cross-
validation](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEW55vT////95r3///+55vT95r265vT///+55vT95b255vT95r7////95r395r245fT+//+55vT95rz///395bu35fT//v3+//+15fP95bz95Lj///+35fS45vP95LX///795r3//v3///795br95bv94rKx4/L95bv+//7947a45vS15fO05PP////95bq05PP95bu35vO25fP95bz95bqv4vK05POw4/L95bm45vT95Lf7/f/95Lb7/f395br9/v645vT+5LW05PP947b95byx4/Oz5PO35fT+/v795Lj94rKu4vL95r3//v255vT95br+/v675/T957/8/v+t4vG45fSo4PL//fv//v2r4fL+///w+v225fP947P+/fr95r2u4vL947X94a7+/v7/+e76/f2r4fGd2/DA6fX++/ak3vD95Lf+/v245vTi9fr/+/X958D/+/X94bH//Paj3vD1/P394q/94K7J7Pf97c7+4Kr+36v6/f/B6fX3/P3/+vL+/v395rzP7vf94a605PP6/f7+9eP+68j+6sf+6sX/+/Ty+v3/+/Tt+fz6/f7B6fXb8fni9fr93KC45vTS7/jq9/v9///z+/v//v7/8diZ2/Dj9fr/9ufB6fX+7dH1/P32/P7B6fXJ7fb/+O7w+v392Zv/9eT//PbX8fj95r7s+Pz//fn/6cDD6vX+7tP+7tH+7M3+9OP//Pf+7M285/T9/Pn7+/fW8fj/8tz/7M7+8NX+8tzo9/vz+v3j9frk9fvi9fv+9uf+7dD+7tX/9une9Prx+vz/89/K6/a05fTw+v3+7M3m9vvb8vni9Pv//Pb+6sX/+Ov/9uj/+vH/+/T/+vL+7Mzl9vvd8/nL7Pa45PT/8dn/9+p/0u3/9OPx+v3/+vH+9+nJ7Pb97c7L7fbx+vzL7fjg9Pr50I7+8NfM7ff+5r665vT/////57+75/X/6cG96vi86ff/577/6MC76Pa+6/r/6sH/7MK/7fu65/a55vS76Pf/7sT957665/UjcY7sAAAA63RSTlP++Pv89/j9/vv+9f31/e/f5+/l++LW4PvK87Ds2+d65PXY8s3Sc5De05/yt7HOysPa46vpu4ChiMPtqeuYnMbc0WS8i9abp8bCt2tx7PC8vrqxqvFk6kDr912xqtCBgLN2hl7Jt6NrJJ56TJG+lYSSlolYqVXRJ0uGSjpDilGwoJWidFJ6x9ByW2zlvL245Eg9th4tkKCpWLVlM5CZaYjalH5ganIxkrGj81/I/HBBslOKz6eKZEiZojGbfZh6eVDRw5M6TjL1tFpWxXxsZkbeh6+Bcdf2u8StsTdyqBha5shUpeK8h+PMFsLWJExLegAAIABJREFUeNrs23lQk2ceB/AkJCRBriAJRK5wRQhnCEKIHHIfggqVFJBDKGcBgcKCKJZLilbAA0G86q2A0LVqV13EXazOqnWtdf9wVy26ne7YmTfmTcIbkgXG7Bt3Z4uCA8L7On3p+51MGHiHeZ/Jh9/ze5/nfSG8wPOrCgH/CHAQPDgIDoIHB8FB8OAgOAgeHAQHwYOD4MFBcBA8OAgOggcHwUHw4CA4CB4cBA8OgoPgwUFwEDw4CA6CBwfBQd5ndPThJBGJRLPJgb9PSoIPEM2o728kr06ZBL8vnpwkOPrwASL1twFiWzKYXnO0Y93uh8+f//lVnj9//rB197qOmn+l1+Q06b+3kQSl1JWll5XUfp89NPTZ/zOU/X1tSUlZQXqX2W8DJGXXD3mPdt4+fKzYxyveJT4+3svLKyKfe+zwbXF73s19dcbvbSRr/vbllcpNVcHN90vrE+BkaJNQer95W9U3V37eUxC30EH0WUXrPr3Tnfxx8sqtvuERriEe5tpEenh4hLj6FPuuX5uc3H+w9c6nnQE5bmgOxDglIOdMy7PL3wZnZTmmFTqLolcLhYGB7nAChdEi58I0x+DGqoGhlvIzThYLGMRmzcmdtzbme60yZxrxE/0YPD1teDz4xfBLtOJbroh08covPnZ8Z/vNOjQn8I/2VX5zTlsXGavdw0xNBLGGbDa7p4fN5sBfDWMFJqaeDsKM+tLm6uEAJ/0FCmLndmdHR0PyynAXpp+e7phCDkfxejRkBn+FRwR3fbJYvKGpaY2bHfLDoLKKis4/OXeqKibTOdrdU8AxgFSQDM6rN21UcCA6xdA0UJSZFXw6u+Usa0GCOG04vjE/PiSV76dH05VowMnRgBr4BUoINLIew8oyNcTn4sZrt3adDEJhHAF/qH787X3/JYFhprFsDskAkE4XgE6iGArChBkJ15v3ly84kOW2tm07+pN9XZl+uvJRuUKpVZC8Hi2RckIhHx1V0hhGkT5bKw7c2tFmG4TgHE5k2QZ992DTppjCaAcB56VKrVbJIO3HPwK8lhH4RxAkU6sBjqnQ2THr0OcsWxZxIYF09v71Ure2Ong0UKFQwh4ayTTRkijh4+M0vURLc9fii5c29H7dhWAPSx9+fPp6qPNqBxNDisGIdp6Cpmj8QgIfpnMEnoEZCZcHhtNtFgwIVb9tMO/Aei8jmlIxMaUwps24Zkw5zjNaVZx7oL3GIgmZ/m5mV3SjsjEtISyWBEEQ8BKYOSOwCvTSUFjYuOdGS9ziBQJC7Bw8nrzMlcnTdnHlrEA0SrjnS8h8c69luQ1Xi3SQWQbWPtju6O/tabgIUqlkUmB2ICqVmmQi9I/ZdqIkaGGAUNtOPlrrlcrQJczKYvIMNk7zY7psTb4aR4Uzv0HAidoe7OxuQqGPzMril0iBl5Sl3pmbq89QqQsAxG7H1YbccCZDd5bFMckDrhICz9KV++PD1oDO+a3fz9Y+GfpLqbN9LEmm7ePvBiKVQRQTb+uYr8ptFwBI0LXbXA8+GSRI5pRxMo8fmd8v7v1oXlsEZV9+UpgRFssxoANzS1+sgyhmWznmQSyKOvpXulrR5KPgnDxAuO/QjFy4aw93NM25RohO2QNZ1iJ7tnbFJ50Lh1SllvbYh8Z81eWEcZCm3i3cVXB9aObmAbd3DUigMSw9fPobouY6iA9Pbw/NgBcei4CRkTkWCHwV3GdoL4qpLtHBMAjVxu3ozgq4PhQKyTwCykcJDHPf/r8HLZ/D4kwnjvXsC0eRCQlSz606/hdIRe9xsN78uMhWH7sgnfu2rPex1FWC4HxANPBCkuaX6pK/t3UOs5b++UPXEwJNKfAV7Hw8APjX+2K9M7fdKGBhF+RontiHyRuVS+YbpVxJsIpY1t0UxDJ+l7tGcTZBTtn3Q+05ECQD5hupepGJd8yeYVvs9pB1W1ZGMmhy5bxBtJtcesyQ+O4NvTXvUiUpX584fSEjUPBSBS/N5w0ik1KW+jcOfIhVEDP91osRVhoNKEEiGgLNL5Jb8cO9KOIs+yqVaFGw55T1kqUUOoBIpADEEYZe/hy9e+2ogphFdXSvYuoplBJkQDQKGj/Et2LL3bpZTuI6KenDVY4iBzYEjSAjAsjoJsILh8ptMAnywcHbXCMyYUwjQSighMBjeq1s35Uyy73dE5WNpUIBiS4FkIoUMDDMCN5/FoMgOnZBB9eGM0aVIHIgoFzJs/SpEJ/McZt50jDuKju3OS1QQFJBCIJI1UCgY3NLHBFzIPqsqO5iD/IoKEE0umTLiPWPbtbN3Ebc9lV+Uig07KOPAEhGJfWsv56N1pMPKIJYpFy95GJJQxgElP9bj+kjbj868wDO36h0XC2A1FKEQWQCYcLpACfMgQQNbuGuYBAUyBaIRKmgMcyXHW6deQCsL2JEJhRABiAbGcQxzQgePoM9kLviYisaAeEZC+4jGk2iS/7uthnmjCSbZxfqHUjQiBRhEAgy6BFmVZdjDuSDvbmuekjXx38vf8lWqfkbdszw93DourenoQHSHK9I+sLStj/DGIhZ3JFurvn4KAogkvFxhV/42oMsu7c3dmJc9nZr+0UjABqRqQWi0qE4fSqWQGxrrhW7GIGogEiUo2QP7rHBnLfuoVCLygYyRaYqFUog7MD6gYIUIoZAqGt25fmuYIByVEDgJXti5NYDvW/d5NOpu9KYsLQHge2r6ffhKaYZVXsK9LFUIV0387h8MjiBDohyXJfPFd9te+vpn1TFuPcsgqTogMhIhsLGn7EFUnRPHOGnK1FKUIqCHLL10vK3FmiLtb9JHzr1ob0xQqc4BF8pwxRI1J8+dtUbQw9kVMOMuLQuatoukuTWddl5NVstQw0EMPB03FSWhKUe0nQ8OYSmkIBogcg1fqnFW3qbpr0pVVbt6G1KUUkBtESkkGladQmWQF40NeR6oAmi1NASfcT3pn3swa7glGMYB60O8gpEZRK6rRZTIL/buMycoJCgFo1ESfbIbTgy7ckPZfkL+gDUPIARqUrg3PwEUyBH9nJT0QSBu4iCWbz3jvGU/+gxs7C9HBrNQXpP8Q2QWFFmNrZAfvSxlKAKolBYrSpuGCyacleq5MT9BAeSGr0C0T42x44uHcIUyNN/uBppUAWZ0N6rErcHvHlmp39WOrrHkmQAuiBC0WeLMQRCffqTC38MVZAxJY3hUiHOmbJps39TqCmFDqEKIuO4L8EUyIunP4WgDAKCIG3FNDdGWA+CRWwpIEUbJAMHeRNkQsEP33jnzS1f1h8zhSQVDjIFxIWvUUpQzYQ80TX/oQXx9Ucrvvt9vQNdBQA4yJQegj4Izzy+u9Np8qOlxmtqL/yHvXsPaupKAwAeYkJueIMJIQgxSAgQQJIQIkF5GXlkCY9RQOUlL/EFFMFRQapi2UF3t9YnKBbUKrbaXd9vRXZbndFaX9WxVbeuOuNfIa+bmwQJkk1oowG100rOZS72/JlxvDPnx7nnnnO+7zsZFNmfIG8dIf1gQfpgAi+9/eZa68/Pvx46Ws1y0QAHoWNsUif97wEaIBAnedmCLutd1x3fdk7zIGpUwEFiZ2JshJjWIQbAryyjFgdRy9ueW4NU1K2KpstkyJ8gb4wQFECURi0v8rM91iApO0sERBXYb6xBkKiZ/8HUCNn9gA94pT4oAvuyv9huPYccfxQQ5aySaQCD6OkZjRgDeZbkgwZItrApzwqEdK+j2J+MBoigGmMgZyqpBhRA3EMrf7R+7t9OBM8YQAHExVtchqWoE8t5iBGsiBLmhPP/PQTkiDcF9JQ+uP0ezLiDLZB1qckQCiAEavpPq0st07pn5p37k6VogEQsScDWiWHKDbBn6pYPX0iUv3dTlyWhqeX0em8KEzSIRiFDKAWfYOtMvcIcdWJEAYRALf+51ZLitnZLvbcUDx5kAHNRJ+a4LKEI6gG/NCT4NC04ZQGJObdC4oJXgF6FIM5M/4TOQkzFZWXefFjpSkABBHKd8nC/5ZVVe7gmg+4IHgQvjSpZji2QitMPTwKL7bWKBsJBvCk5FhBSbV1J1EHgIIiKSJlXg7HIxdJT3SfTfVEBYX92yRLkW1uXEMskAwfR01mNOy/HYApkYu72M0lUow4wiLIH58te3PUK5OhfJhNloEFUvVJB4+ctYTQsgZBoG79ie9mDB+nJTvy4yhLi++X6AH88eBC9R2P1EzB3OABMaZu6qyiEAONAgyhFidesQVjOwEGQAa64GWspbYOV/YQinL0RMAjsLszaZQEp28lgyRAN2J2sATJxcsB67GXh+h1qm+JKsNcCBlFzkrJ2WRJFyjYUcBHAIIiMKJV88u18zIEEnf65PDkbgsEOEaOOwE99BfKP5uJAPeDjWxVykBvcuWUt1kBIcfs2tfOpBB1gkBdQaOrF1yDiwF7AIHokIkNcd7oFcyNkUunqbVOmO+iMQPezlCaQIiuQJZSXQCNONLJeFXfa7TWZnpgDkcvnbM9KFMFjDUTlGBtw/R6oPgMKYlfVVuQK4bRARV4Qhr+ygIIgGkd69KqjX2MSZELX1vJkEQQDBbGe1Eng5xCVhhk4rf50BSZBnHKfb+N7cdRAv3x1Dvzy119ZG4q5YL+y9LJAyTc/rPXDJAjJLs1cBBNWGtFdh4ALcVDI9Pgo8flbTjRMgpja6qtF+QRcnxI9kBkygCCIzDEiuOYHzJaJlcv3bF0WyiOoYXAg/Rzh3CFbJ2QFsL0shX7AhcXoxHAhZVJL6xeV4SKgIO7Cuc9fby4yWM4AQXqJM2Y2H8VyqfGJpdv3sql9wBYjyp6+4bu94LbfFRo93ZtxrCIIu8X45eaSDkXh7hCo3B1ljzF7KAjA8xCETAxckrAG6M1g4EHCuv61MF/UD+gsV4sbPDF0Q+PEEOklBgpu76ulYRskaG3VyiQfHDAQiMfOsTpTL4kCdqaOIFJB9YXCHU7YBplQOr+9PISjVIJ4aSlhHOQaufVVJbM151YI6M5ACskpEA2eW1xyLCUO4yOENC7sxuJEHwcghU+UsD2BWmQdKLdqnvnSSCDjAx+RkXA4xg7sxXlo3NLmFlN1UpgP6YCAQKL8k92Fljkk81TzPAoTCIheHyGpvrA0BXBnoQFCm7V7W3kSR20w2P54CoZ4yc8actMs5/g7/nuf5aIBMkLI/gXNZbOdxgCI6a2VV/UsPhsyGm0PQqCmb67ws2RqTPJ8cj8qAgCIgkwPFHQc8APeVyhdTjx19+aF092NSltvMyphh3D+j1NflTSm2d064k1R2Hq/V6FA8DOiTzzxdBojIKaW186mciCtzUE4IUNT2m6dCObavP4+IiN6eAd0eKLQT2iB0Bq2LkuictS2zalSGtWipL2brcvP3PtGzBqwbVq0QqEnewgYnY/DxhCIXcOVnCa+D4SzMYjWN7E9zzrX7/h1RizexiCyf7pEiWvOtY4lEFppzPc5c0N5BJ1aaUsQnGvkxxetM5m+3lkiIQ7YEgTplUn9C1ZdXprrNoZATBP7/Cttkem+BhvWP1FqcYT41JyGIaU1nq6IljrbMqlNoTrIaqxZfsoTlW5CD0Qe1HDjWmooz6GnX2mjQaKFoez0rCtDQS6vmhbItNV3lsL8fSX1F9c8XtRCG2sgdpNyb7Y1pbsSlLYC6dc5UPlXN300pNZJ62FxbIRCbysQDVnqH7xi+SI3J9JYA5HLPQtbr6YmUd171La5Sk+tc59eeakw03pS91u7qCOaq+i1zX6iXkWkCIoT1p/KRauPUAVxmpjZvWCuMJ6gg20SPKd+4Stc+enENOu/XSe34+fFsQO9tgh0MIEgHpKC+nNLPdPGJIhcPrXr5tWV/HweB+rRjtjEaITyI9u/G/6M2ccSoukjLjRumjwUZGYEV1DdXPc0U04aoyDjgjL3XFoXKYx3N7zQjTBeS9sHiUKW5eQNf0bcznoxl0lWjXRwvNQTKRIx41FhbekE9HoIZRDzrNuwf91JfrIrh2BaJY6EBO4TeSVe634jLSDu7mGGIBA/kmldo5A54pkRLEl186PCFjf0xsdogMwOS/nuYlYWO4TKwal16vecTZT98As1lb33Ym7c8AekpdR2FEiYL/Wq9yrHr1EgKn2viugRGxxQcqGsojSOhmb3oA9iXiNmdj9srwyJ93WAINx7ZoXiIMg9vWnlW6+rmLNmQzCFiH/fO9TJeDxRyo1qvL6ifukktPtmVEDkcTF78javTGWHevE49rDOPE76ftfWvNG0htHCap1OC4m8khb+9PdZb/3/j9853ygJZJL1vXq9CjEtJjS/Y2AozEPD1GRE6QxBMINxtmzNRxWkDwOERLOjbdzftrgpMZ0qIuC0yj9yUGIiMeAcePmJ5dvi3pErPs7uzoYCAdcFP2DqaM0fWZdrBvB0yuSZ4pLOui/Hj7cbL/8wQMwmTvP3V23f1hQpDPHy8eVAOC0Mw/39WnMzjZZhrc/8cz9sbkbI3TU/ObQycu+uT999XnTv8w5GcXSGPzeCSUZUpoaYm+LNhvzSzP9C48iUBrKivJcE3D574O7SoFHpl1EDkZNmuU2dFfNwwbIiNj/cREKwNxiM2l9b35sc2j6j0WAwQA6+8SGJU8pz2i7FzXr3C2VOWu3hzhrGkuhYiguR7DxgeichbzP59UeNbICMN3H4S4ILEuq37Aua4Dbb7gMD+WV2P9T9fdVXDxayhaHTk/Oprtnupnne1OztceaFn7HHgMPh7O1NvxA42Twfar5XeKhw4YMHZ6oOtcb89tdP6d2nj46dPXIiOFoQ68/iUiJcmHhHR0dnRzKZLBsMbiSTnZ0d8aYZnC6lcFmTMyTR06pPHDlw4fHlhrRR65LRBZFPCArzi9u4+1Jb2+K55f9n70yAmsqyMEwggRgwhC0hAcKWsIWwhR3CaghLWCUiEAXUgOyChEVWRbpAZVEUGkRAXAdbBBRbHG3LRkcUtdqlptHWGbXamu6CJhESscUx814iFDOMozbJKIG/QvHeTXFJ5Xt3Peee40Czs/ayZaqpqVlYIKAgFhAEFIGwsLBQ09Oik/zSneIjU5o7dtbUeJqR9f/3gGtkSDZE79jRs2VLdiDe1xwXamzKQCKxWAMDAxhIBgBhYIDFIpEMdRurAHNfonf5ltzuDTvQhmZkNGaxAhEvuYyKrl69PXjr4N5nD0JIJFJIiLU1XZvF8vLyYrG06XS6dUgIUPjzg2d787d13L7aZ/jxKzUMtWvgadNQ6/nTp/5qH2AfGurs4WFlbEwAZGxl5eEcah8QEGcfd/p8609NVwb6G9dPf6bFCuTdhkpMTFhaRQWHU33hZMqqnJzo6MjEoKD4+PigoMTIyOjo6ykpB/bd4LRxOBVpX8dUfEqHYvh1TJr/id7797/a0FpeWJ69zts7MJBIxOOJxEBv73XZ5XmFlT13ntzvPZEWFtPgr/O5v4svAojoqQSfSwyZ2lmfdPVhXV1tbXHx4OBgcXFxbW1d3cP6pKdsQ5V5Pbxu/sn9uf0DXV0FBQXd3ZWV3d0FBV1dA/25uV1rw1C/fSmS++2LEoocU9ZeRqVS2exYsdhsNnDb3t5gFjy/rkRFP42aSaWWlpZunhZwTaWWZbL9/w/+VgsUiPTHK/C30qxbpS/sQy4mIAtCS0CWgCxpCcgSkPkOv0ZoM7JYZp76OhBJ1oxCG85UrYNZAvJx62uzsr6nZ0Fd6UumpklwlaBCbig61Ciq+lLjxTCdJSDve3IhRihUVFRUsEj6u+4N5O4Bldt/Jbm0V1yqA7yvrx+s8KkMUPooN0ArQdVUP++sq096nAS86i9R28SlOjpuKJQORGEJyIwg6Jjke3d7Ws49ugbqXCueCCqQSBxqPX/q12vXHp1rOdpzN7mvj/qJVlWl9Yc7D198vv/CvuHh3bt3H9+bvz0oKCge+Ak6+C1YMjy878L+54cPl5F1loCAxsPVEIyGBupE1kBuYXYgPsE31d18qysuINTZQ7T5F4eL2GrunuqLJ3qX523Z88shtIaGBuRjnmYlDASCwWDY9Y/rVxVHJ8Y7mKTTHP3swkkh1nRtcMsy3M7PkZZu4rQ9KLK4ub6zxFNFA4OBfN6G8tmBoKlrMx9tuHz52nk8McEdBAGSINiYqlMoDApFXdPUhmAMgsG5mqf6rgn0bv318p3SrMz1H+ahw37eHlv9j+NBkfFOJjQ/S5IPuImspatqq8cEpCeyr9CtfXws7RxNHOLzh3/8sTp23/Mi/0UNxP/snsJK/KYIew+CjSYDC5MHBNqRliuLtVx8BVovkBRN0xXGoRGpVeW5/dQPV01uTFrVcXAjie6lq6rnYgGFv7N9zZK4CIpQ01PV0g4J33jmQHFSfRFkkQIxIh879uRRZV6grznOmaCJhC3nv3r1T0CvRAI9QCbFl+JS3ogyQMXUGeeOX7fu6JNdm/3f/815lpTc2H0yJ9HJ0YfFREDhcm9e/g7qpUgvRAKvfheXjsvBEUwtbZKfiUNOSsaNnSVh+kqLDogSOqugewhoGwRNCgNrAFMWm1ZnNAFq9r3I6CpvgAVNfPYRm7y77um/t/KG27UHN4bTtWyZagAOkUF4lpFeKNKsgtFROUU41EKNqadLD9+Yf6D2ZprK4gKiYtjbu6s129sXt4Ihz5/k8d45UH3A/1nsIMJfBqN4mBPzmo69J3JVTUVGbY4JSdcC/lrkqSIQfMDPiMsVCMbHXwCvUYStNS0+50Ash8NxW0RA0FlNracjcM42lD/JLxvjz7SBD3mzidvMyDIYVtPDNaEp2fO/1s6+dZJG0mIi4KNc0AFP+BFeX+/ai0CoCHVRZZHCn3277ebORQIkGI2OejK0bo2rMQU2MjnJH/tUH1zQx/DVJEzTtbxy89yTGxB98ncpDiy1qZcvBJ9+Vgt0jBxXVNP1oSVGDrvVeKIwsg8k7d5P507FBViZMmAjYAc09kcObwB/BzNOrfrbobA5ja+oscPBkil480d4AC0F6LteK1rYsnwsHwxn3GwPlnUgq4MztxSuwZnC3o7NL1rl5CTSw/dI7pz5r9mlx9HhqvCX8zgPBFARTMm50NOjm29xVBRkG8iJliGib8AKrHgYn8fBM94kTB2XNzeximFns4OWhXA+5+G5r8eBWTHclk7bvn1/LEqmgQS3VK4JNcUul8QJ2RF5Ar5qw5wlSEakndro/JO+CkenoHosWuQ2jgwDgZy4830CThMYy/nzjrUwMcGb1HT/YU5yrpXHHawlES1NKABHd22TM8d31sgsENTRKnNg4fGNpNLXUXBb52Ty+MswjSUnofB1QkUL1RCHbTdkFIjK/cvfJ4Ri+ZOTYxICgrWKuxZmOHvUdfOvfkBSlVRCS2AKDNelOQ1zamQSCLrlh7gVDGWJhQIfA9Yi9lVny2Yv1ys6i2lgaAIJtRCuQA6hSqfl75RBIEboDa2pBHme5EJUgmm0rf4ja3NYXTONKcG04cAEWMC0czrehpK50Bq9Pa04AnKCJ8Ewx/wRZRt8Yebs8Ez+gzmWCK4E04YDU2CoqvXG/FiIbAFRibpTtYYALM0lGlpsgkdJ9S6dDYSzLYiu+GJUgkG5hAKhHNMxMqNtpYIsAfHPanUPoIBHyiQanZLHcMXfmQVEqS3fiTUl0bjmQi73BZTleCaDrSMzQJQ0jFrK8VZIeZ6Eo7KP8ZABmy7PbiFtz2haU5IOoj0uRKg65tzkYJRkBUhY5hDeVV15jC9xIFhn169m/yu3B5aqQkkDEQi4CGunkxnsGhkBgkouJNqbwngSz1owxjMwDvg3IH//2ceW+2ZU0hqXY2qnp1wKkwkgUWGlTdnupgYj0gACM3U+tdl/2lfLMGY4hOUiDSDjcKZP4vWMEjOlhQ+E3DcQ6Eow+GZECgIjIuIHZozr7LpiO1uEVNL5cBX1fM7U1lEVFj6Q3qdHEghI/iupAFlusCLwl8bpiKFlSc12LtLJrwRux1um1LfLQJeF/nMgjiE/Jo2UBRNgWij8kUPTQNgPU0hqcK40MpAJ3shBvRwOVC94IKv1n5x3J8jzR8akA0Re07dwustSaqiNtkbISQUIsBx5zbRM343WWeBADLOGIqwob6XRPsBR/e0y9dS8u9NjSENxIh06xZVOjj7hG4RuSP53JQsaCMRoc0F2AFL+rbRSC74dYbiXzwApGQxiwYXSAvIaDtV1WHURLU0ru7QTS6atbfJOkFaHJQqUz2eYZ99FzQCJZ8G50gIiFI67+CV2HKaiFiwQhaI9R3ydGdLLqA0AQZpn90xnCy7piPeSkxYQYOr7Eq7ld/3xFbOF22WV5Ra6asL+xd6dBzWVpAEAh5DjJRwRljMcBiJHAkLCFcKigHIfInLJCCggIoeKKMqiMotAqesi4nrAiKt4DuN97biKuuVRM6wyjkdprVeNVm2NWwl5yct7SQYYs8FdZ4KCy5HOVlvmb6qSej+6v6+7v/c1YJACHZCGiH6QIEYi+8TiXfDehdt7d6MLh20O7LZgLYjMoS7yF5CmPUE2EkID7P72PiPEObr7CqxTlrFX6+FbXOvXUpAgKofQyMO6IChAEFRCMPyE1UVxk6AESc67vrHO1wHHxcA+CrGaHZrwFoS2+bjQCQN2V/ibBTvCTG3YuisOShDHA68qUwJIKsAgrF9AegdB5GBBNDwbYfHNVjhB7tW48Cl0gB5akZ8pLHddEKZSDhKE0CCimNKr5XBOWe0FYUkyhRQ4SPsvIOs9mD8BBdFGEcQvEVx5Kdgs624uq1MN1EMLQjIoiHbS6ssRbg+HEIRml/wvbggFOAjF0CADzJiXe39Dgw4k60j72UA+SQUYxMBBXSLBBkT2qV9P84IOxPVATX6UhTnQkP6fdYguSJANQYAF6dOQBT7dW3fCB9K2piyARFcABhmyUq99s1IHC6KRUBl+2c1F0IHYnk5gsVVi0CBS3c3FJrCbi29TX9Qm6Phm+GLIhfwQuho4iDgpTHf7PTEHkYAGkStnWhbZAAALPUlEQVQF0dV/hw5k7jdcjlgtBvuR0ukBOieGtesW2ZONQINgygyfxXshAzGbfObkfE8peBBzq7LVJb8e4abHGgLE0i/1ka0jDSaQqSUH6nz1dgXqKIsceucNFjlQgccQOcPJu+P2TmOYQFqvryrjsxUy8CCe+TU6hXLZs3jgQQYvRS59dtkMJpDZ1w+FBZDEOOAZ601d1q9Xa0+7WerNoxKAQVCCyrDPLoYLpPzGapaDWCwFDWLKjtIBKdKCiBDQS0PtCERsEh+vhQrk6PPKeAoOHERGSuJ8/2Lt27S39as9qUwGeBCUYAY174ML5ElCCEkGHERF8Uy5sKw1+b/7mV7TdqfmiAjAu1laEczZI3vHXJhAzlzK9aUbAITNmfNNXPjbfGdSYdPLGQINeBB5RvTxeVBlWQ+ulU0RA86xBkEs4isWZpm9XREYu1W9DHbqBw0iQeUi/3MtUIHcOcvlGwIkKTR3SPuZvduFOYYAsfRe8ggykFD+axy0h1QVEBb5VPeC1Kr1C2KNMAnoxBfjzQh+ZAcTyB9OsjwNACK1zq9v1w2ujT3ZMxBDgPj5/wgTCE0LYg16ypLiYlKUe81y3ffU466W+vCMQJ+JwAeiHSHxBgAx7+REHhrS66T8u8xgffY6GQmEAd0IeWgAEO2yMHD1qxJdkNabxR5ODBQDDmKf+je4RsggCOAYgmuXhaFr3gV51mAvQuWfQP4PIDK1RUjFkwNDtsGn5vVU+zjpq4HZRwUSCB5EZcX9fuHkIVeAmk2q+trD3ggwiOYTyLAxxDQqd9O7TTBpaUvTfRgD/Z9ADA0iFZMcUipPrHj3m8N7Mj2cESP005T17sIQMAj+utOTFfn8s/dALq87lyNCsE/rkPe3TmSAI0jgnLvl773v51bY9KVPxIRajY9q62QxXFsnD66FTQELopJGhV28M9wayK7Fw5sMGETkc64Jru33P+dy6DJwZXIKsco0JGHDg+G+264rO1okRzXgPFAsI7gBqvMQ2pkn7iGmAEFwsbkFq/L50eG+3PGfzUImYgSu1uHNiWE6XCeGR9sKAkkAQVRSiynzD38+7IszZq27X8YKEDkBEEQQtK4LqjP1uBf180EWOajEfNbDO27DxlWaWdqP/n48JQHMQ6JhLsiEq+rkjydqQi3ooBJfqVhGCcy9kDzi1z/qiBYQoArmUIKKRKT/KQ8qkNbrq8KsSKAqF3ExKYBbf2nEFhe0ed0LcsigogiKUXmxK59ddoMJpPD8qYopFgpAtb0y0wBOxablI4KY1N7umMUkY2AmLVROFsw6fvX3UAX1rMKFJ+M9FUCq3xW4msSpO/mD68hzxpaqlpfeGYBeWceUPL/UlrhwE5hAenuTT4Zx6EBApK+PJYW6DKlteH/SqqoW5iBUiQYIiHPMYkBvqoN8g+qiSzxFBSDPwtX0pOkJh+59eMaY3VwazCTL5SBi+oCTRwd8b1CFX6qsswBRbo3LHDjc1atKPtyNsnbrFw3eAiM5iKQXsU/8thY2EJrr80O5fDZdpue1Ia6SsqNmRrblffbhrHPqvoP7E71F6ID+G8EjGT6lj6dBN0K8bmxLCAkgqfQOQvFkFaxZ5mb84TfKTIwbd2UKcywl+j48xAiezZIviuEDmbz2/K06DkWt0O90hVP43Nwn947+7yHquO/2eg8/HtqH6TWyy+UCn3M9B8uhA7HLcm13YbHVer2iQiajWLEKNq6YNIpFmd1vq66UCm14En1uaqESJREhrN482Q06EO3/aPvqfE+KHqMIjh/rjGLN3FQyykYjxtN6OoJjMxDNgN6W7AMo1dInuwdYX1Kw/bLuv6oMtCKp9bWhJVXLOvncgk1HXEf570nbUri0Oyg2g6q/DkFKjBchLN4KZwMzx7y/1pelJB1T6G092MkJdTlVMpYurUXfpi+ZJaBSNXoaIwNkm+A9j6/C2XPReOrO+/UunE5TfbTBlA6uB33z69tWFI5llzV889LuRT6DK0R97P0S/YhzcPb+fbPh7Eqq/az4XSSL76DQBwidFBASVlBTkjXGn1D7XWZQqhODqo9XFDDEOVbYfBDgVVSgQVyLTudzPWUTTbVwmVpN8ZzvvqZtWflYaz3Ci640r1ySI+pTYhPbjteghJIxQ1jdNdsYXhAaLW6Dy3S2eIKtlKVSKcl6vsuhbXluY24wYkKbvfVZdnQOTzPBMaJBjajO0eldaSCvoQJ/f4jt04tzUqzp478CVyHFcVOK9fSwgjU37o+rX67t2q+aS4O8bSwRFBt3JEGJAYKX47O4qxHo4wIPYuL2YPDObjouGz8I3cE6ZWbltlXLHMdzakqzS477y7PMhpgIEdI37jbkKCFBnKKDWtLmQg7S25t199qcFE8KjuOK8YwOmXlSVCC34tqlF+fHnWwmL796e/f2Jf72AjKBEeMIJX0EQc2wT138ZRXgh2UIELusB9fcQwNI+NgblEpxmUrVyeEmrHnyg62Xa/K4f4KtV/iWruaVQm9Bv1yOjR0Ek/cz7IUdTVvSPgKQ3t65T2+VxUdZmIrHcjexYvBSBXOKBd/34dkNp/ImnPnTanft3/6P2BxnBjLYlhEdS3aFUsmC2JiOpV7AH5VhQExsj56OnOmbZPqzNv9VjHayUqlVYrbV9JkuT++cifOaeKo5ubFx76PqBn8nSwSTK7E+dLTBQ/4TxmDGLFrf4pX2kYBoP5+fSuCGWHeSTMWjqmbU/o0piW1hNSW+IqHtSK+eEk0aLXzp/iD/WGYGj4wYje68XSMxQsiiiNSg7ivhBnhOBgNxPXKvMjIs0JMtVatlsg/MXNqJCh8cHLg202WFudefOr1Qjw8irXFHT2m6MHiGjWW/XKnEBgh05KJs7Vw1OJSQDPuYBSt7dsS5fUwgvb0rTtQkVATykygk83+Pk0D+4OVlUvBRtwty7iyftC6KyvNmZ9JnLVqY4Scqq8XBAcwmeMFvoBItQwkj86zJSwToEkp0jBCN/MI7xy/I2XiqGCtwfvj+48eP79+B3UUEADaogGIf3nEySQope9okbj6Ycic/Lp/KBQVjXdzTqROvT8w1d9OXEWThAFYR3759+/gJ2BqGg0+fwGIff3EI8uu7mbdsn7jnaZT4cIsQ8YgIxiuLlzbHNtqp87HygmZjgY0uZACKFV5WYM1hYKEpV16drxTBGMFD7Vsc2Rl5eBgZxU8tCgtR04kxBNUmv4El19f3yODr1z+f3jNwcMk6aKulzepPBbqDkX24RQh4hqRh8aUdh2KdrUws9FQM1EWM+SQhgI+Pz8dYRN1Fxc4/3somNnHXjt2ZM2jpEvuafbNXTDFVMzPS1pcQleGXDbW0FNSCAEFLWX4Z0Rh3Jx1X04oVs5fsTaZfCNE5QsSl5QXC83cuLfKSc7axkvJXBkaKiIi6urqBgYGKsr9UY3aiqmNz1aTK5eHy8jStQxkF+qzt96WnZ0Wmmaq5Gmm7x4jKyMjw8/MbGvLLxLhrG5mpmSeEhKWvarXuE+AZthECLDHeskc9PLJ498ZdO9Zfe+nyGAm4vLy2ftehebsXP1y3WJcebmFs2Hbu7Jl9U7avuPnk1atXz+Dg1asnT1Zsn5LXNP1cnAB9w4fuEQIEArrJGornz3d1hYdfRQLhV8PDu7rOK2poJK/WUKJL4hBLbtXVmG9v39dnfQwFWN+/f99+/nyN5FZ7xuEfIcD+Gaynx8wOFxIGi7EPgGugLgECVKEBAQxvR8GgAqMRMhoho2A0QkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZBSMRshohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohoxEyCkYjZDRCRsFohIyC0QgZjZBRMBohQx4AAGor6gUCXHnfAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Parameter estimation using grid search with cross-validation

![Receiver Operating Characteristic
\(ROC\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)

![Precision-
Recall](data:image/png;base64,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)

Precision-Recall

![Classifier
Chain](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier Chain

![Comparing Nearest Neighbors with and without Neighborhood Components
Analysis](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEWqqv/Cwr5pYGDrmZmwsP//q6taWor/qqqq/6r///+r/6uu/66qqf+v/6+urv+n/6qw/7D/r6+q/6mvr/+qq6xpaaKqqqasrP+t/63/pqr/qaqVk5W2dXWTlZV1tnVpommqpqr/rq6qqP+q/auZ65lgaWD/ra2q/6cA/wCqq/wAAP+k9KSqvuun+af+/v7z8/Ps7OwaRxrF5Kqr7ruq+LGg76CqsvYSEkb2s6r/AACq5MX/srK286pFRmiEhITl5eX7raoCAlFbi1oBUwGbm5s7O16npvc1VDWiovCdnenCv8Kv+aqZ4pmTktid552V3JUmSyfL3aqXl+Df399QUHhXgFdcAQEGB0UvMFONjM8hIUv5+flEEhJJHh6qt/EGRgar87fIiIgtUS3Kysq1trawsLDVkJBQLi7uu6qDw4Llw6q97KpQeE+Q1ZAAAO0AAHleOzvT1aqz/7Pfl5eq3csRQxP6qKh+u31xcKdijmKKX18AAF5tbW23fX1jY2Pvn58AhABqRkbFxcV9fn6qzts8XzwBXwH1paWAVlZDQkJNBASq6L9ZWVl2rnbpnp4PEg4AAJd0dHQAkAAAAKgAvgBqm2rU1NSgbW06BgZpAAB3d64cKx0A1wBUVFQAaQGGhcWqw+UBAWmCgb6KAAAEBTVGa0YkOyWq2dCHyIdmlWV7tHsA8wAAtAAAygCmpaahoaGNjY1Kb0pmZpZCZUIAALl6AAAAdQAAAIhQUFBXVoGxsv/uAACuAAB4eHgAngCrdnWqqqrPz8+qyeBeXl6XaGh2UFAAAN5sbJ2YmJiNzo0AAMZ7erM6Hh7b29u8AADMAABoaGgxMzKcAAAA5ADdAAAoBgaq1NUAANATFDOKzooPTg9HSUdhYY48OzsAAPi8vLzfyqoLKQt0p3R+fbdeXobY0apxqHAHCFceJzvczKotQEFvpW8fMTNPSkqv5s9uoG6ztf/cz6v1AACXssWAnJ9ad2uu0t6w2tywzuftlpnFv5laUVEwAP9pmf8wAP8NDU/wOoR2AAAgAElEQVR42uzdbUgj6R0A8BSCzKg7HJntPgsLdxAPcpn1NEV3B4Qk5NakidxwJaZMEkGE6Id+SaAI5ohIWb2CrMWIrR9CvWxC6EJb1IZQTWBhdUHFIKxfVkHX/aCc0t72FnrX6zf7PJMXk/Vl1WTSmfj8Pyya+LLML////3mbqCBxSCoU+BJgEBwYBIPgwCAYBAcGwSA4MAgGwYFBcGAQDIIDg2AQHBgEg+DAIBgEBwbBUUUgTRhEMrG6SuqeP1vfmCHJidfkm0GSnJkTnmjvI4emTtKtbm83k6TBg0FEimGDbsHQtTj+SkdO3yQ3xjvIuUH0uHFBR77ykDrdOyAPb23Ah3pfNGEQccIwNA0zwvPmhYEcu0luT0w33ZlAj89AltGpxYXXSKFZiIyBbhSCNG93YhBxYm58AV5xz5v1V8bnN8nRh9O97QLIRDsEMYwJpan56RCMQaPwDZ0IpGmsF4OIlCEvpg1NpGebHB5GIFMdC4an6PHnz0jy1Xi78DVdD1/D6GgWPjEiEHJoBoOIBDKn2x5GILrRjT5y1EMObQyjx5/egRkyu9AnZMjcUxgG4zFI0/RrDCISyDBp3DY8HG0i74z3oja+OC6UrL4hmCFT69u33vn6Z2Pjz/tI3bYRg4gTRvh61001wx7dNdVMrsOytC5ca930OvpMt/7O13d6Fj1GcnYCj7IqHa87zplIzsplkIWXTjAIDtFAjB2nxU9w5ENXWZA7X312Mn6owZGNHedMhUEGfv3ByfhRiSMTb/23Kgzy4Q3iRKg0j9UKHCiUP5UCCKFpuY9FpASCRaQGgkWkBoJE6rGHhECgiBaLSAlEpVrCRUtKIISqAYtICgSLSA0Ei0gNBItIDQQNtdQYREIghKbteg9+JQeCRNQYREIg1zxHJAhyvUWkCIJEMIiUQFQNjWoMIiEQQtV6bUUqBNI5MTF48+IghObailQIpHl9fWxW+Gj1QiDXV6RiJUu3gG6B6e0b+vOFQGQsApQpIAOQdnT+v/nW7NjAxUCgSLcsRYBt3+ECkgfpGsveQXnBkoVEntTLUURr9gVZDkgdxDPddYlRVlakv1t+E0TAHTGMb4WWOoixk7w0CKxa8juJAqzuxLIpLHmQy81DCqqW7HKECpudK9U2MSwQUctOJOVKA1CtICr55Qi9s8WbraBKQZCIrDRoittaZkwrdLWCwKr1UjaNHVj9fouL32Ui8WoGkc8E0WKOBMxaPR/ZsoPqBSE0PTIRocImhjGFLSG/vWqbOooGuYhQLt7r5TmKpuWwlnV1EBnlyA7L7hR3leoEgTkijyk7sBcVKwBsl56RyAJEmCDKY5xV5GHTu/U2UJUgRMOIJEXAee0COHxen0NZnSAq1YgEF1GALXxeBpjXmDVnlYIQKgnmCBV2H7jP3oyi/KbgpefssgFBOSK1FKHNk8yknjr7C9LJUFWOsnI5IrXBL21OQBBw3tIWXcUghOaRxAa/VJQNsGGqrD9TTiCSEgGUgobzjjSceNAKqnj2oaCuCQgSkUgfATaH2Y+O/ECKFXOyYP8DcHpzGlwTEEIlZo5cZlat1fvWTGmUCbTftObTH58OtziDCdZFSR3E6OksB4iYOQJs1gtfRmB1L3uDjhTasdVPMl53PkVkcupkcdAw01UOEEIj1nTE4mDd4QvniNYcM8VC9MkMAShDeMlnCPRA78va1NU1VyKIqlWct9ai/QFvwm05PR+UxdeXouFln/RG4sIsvD5udtiKe0hI8j1kY6L9OXrv3KcvXg2UBkJooIgIVSu1P894WevptSxafBLRFbVY3V4mU7KgpaJoRQtQQPKjrKbRKfLFQ/RBySULijQ8FuEGK8Cx8wGH9tRn3AE2dHyNQQ1vMltqDubZEo7w/r8zZHhucbqzLD1EOIkiRh8B3L7fklvDzb/kaYqmHUFmzWnJPUJxrJcJhJTpHU4Ej0qB6AyDHWS5QFAfEaFogRSdK1Hx/dxGUygZVTrmEcjxJpQAog3tuGQMUq55SH7wW4b7dM/8CRazb94ttGk6bgryabv7gN0rKFk77IHekgwEy71qImMQQtNf+rsLnDWhoVwmhon40QiKcq4xCTNljcKEobS5HXLgCmsLmzoGKc9toW1n/ARgY9eWeeHVT+tjsVhNZq3K79TnmgYcRaFhb+Dq07/qAyE0bSUe+lX3CCfwCtZLhA/hPyDtdsdBZn09shlwUMLCLr8ZdB4PwoDL6XZYcA8prloliahb0FkWYLVnx0/AYrcBUG+3w6tvsWZe+1r3JrN2iK47vTPP7LKF8z+tVYQOImcQKFJSjkAQzUv4QufNwogKWJ2xLb8W1qia4zxQ6gMJ0z4tNBZ+0mcumqaIMcaSNQiheVJKjkAQQvXSPOmdT6IrrtwPeNe2VnivN+aCkw+Q3RIMRExJCtCUAuwVLZCIFnIGQVWrNBCi1bmZ3RVP6X2Ml903JRJ8WBtNZ1ZvhVGWnraH4JSDSikr4CFvEEJTwlBLAKn7J+9jo5TQpbd8Jj23FTBt2RymgNOaWXGET4c5NsL7KUVlQuYgPd1XXmgUQIja7+Po1U/RUMQR1+5FGOYgdLTLRISldQUIx10pR5DZdFrydQyDnCvyWKEuBYS48V94mdP6FYsCpJTKqGnXe7THLu8e7NHZlXdAJ+eZhBOEHTtW3EMusND46IplKwuialiiQvxkoEYA0DqO2B0qzh4VrPsCu/PAHebQKAuDXESktfFK7/iQBSE0rbQ+wSy7s+MqF6eEBFzR+Nbisr59dx6CQc45QNfWqFZfGUTV0LgTWZ7XZ3pG/PDQD04cd4BdZs+0OYk2FOvVajUGeV+SNIx0X7qV5ECI2tZGR/a2ASoa20zEOKpwPSW3iR53O11Arb7f3dgt5rHvagBBJKq2yxauPAh6JyiQOeqWigcYho+m8iULWLnczhRUAvWN/T0aTUO/iGeRqgNE2NiFhav+SiCEqkebqUOA2wrOb9lWWD7T1IHLfeDM7FWhUvW4rUGjEfmvAVUNCCIZuf9+EiBMuGkaqFtu36jN3Q7U09+tRgskVNhp5uzssvdA2JGizZO7QQdAHIrGH3tq8znVAvOxHoO8t3D1jNx/Ty8Bdn3SRllCfitoGfjD5zkRVIfsK3taBaVUprj8xJByCsfbYed4/OjjjwY+rc3jqx41akXp7tUEgq4TcX4vobitSMBp0wciTssPD/7+sy9u57619vNDnymZWfc9NGVv/afTaOmk8eWThtsff+sz/bKu4Fdp2l4uacv/RiyVOrk4M+upAEiul5xOQinpt37YtWP7B2iP9k9/+eQ3X+b/M3VfonNZjfAKU9xRIpFbOuFC//5Xq0ajuvERevpebeFv0hCtT8qeJpU6uTjcu1gZEDQIbrt/6mVKm5PWNO9djvlhkzBFf/H11w++ua2BoUJLKN/wkci3d+GLHtiFp4XVREtc/11mheV3Ae/a4d3adzOyBTafsnaTCoFMDN3J/hHkVbFBhF7Sf7LpUlF+0qe3mvlYklph2SRw+hKx7/+ztLQ00gNF6n4Vm/T9HBaiegWAo6ykMMqia3771wffoUJVe/dv/OGHdScTEvKPaMtoUiGQKc/qUDNJNq/OLQyIDpK/TAWnOy3gbTKIFj+0nB2dY7ABG7vLBPeV9RZQjwbANz5DT98jWrXC09nv+8cfP/n9V7UoL2rrvrj3wRmNq2dk5P7/2Dv72CbOO473D1S7z5NLXWcsD6F7yyH5wuXQjsQZQqRrcgOHzvhMyYkAEo4sVcJgC2FxMla7yaLY0hRZAmPvD+qZNMKJX9GCK7Puj2zqJKiLJm2KFJpUm0g2WhYQmURX7c89d3GI3eXFTuKXhNwfiZNHfv3c7/f7/l6e81q5rvIF9d8ceWXXiYsX3/t+GYDITPqex5L6rvbj+w/e67h/ef+B+rlRhqaey591DBzcf7y9SwKCHEfvX55mlPI0y1ymXtedToacsoUwnaw5ghYzSUnfrQ2SMs32vvPW9l+eKJfLmkPyXHHVfXz2zu322rs97XMDidJsydvtPXfr22/fOfsfO4CAiN54t+MJDfK7kF3d5k4a4GUY44IJIwMW59+7d8WdgApYyHfe+PTHZQrqec5kVnFJu2Xv99TWNs2d+fWHjuG3/vZ1bCZ3dn6UUtGWHfYUllE3sIzK2+tb8w2JAKItervTRcUnDGApk9RISBo385DlRbDU8Oi4Nd+EbXpZnGhvuvCTr3q6bnVcPfq1/slXjyyRG5c/1GETkML6fH3lkkaJeKNHdPDiSChMLmeTfZ+cXGU1eIMDkUUwdlwD3ddyO06mOMXdO35/59lbdff+OdBivbzzo2kYCXfKeUbOl5c0trWoICH4KL+ZtAkB7LxUKrB05GqVmWwCWboSPPb72rqX8oF4rh2/g4HUXuj+Glqv7vxsGvJOLwnyZyJr2hydEZXVRyXNDEEQABiiAS1Y5unwKbAKJBsfyOx525/zEdU0dXPc/qZbR9/tOfiyyWXy2h59+LmDZ10eK5k/NrxlK17GKx7RO5uMmNNpHQ2Wd5Tnm1eamrwQQOZiCf6QZj+lpmPXD9S/dGygq+tJkErowA4LL0dtUT79NU+3SJNx0pjJdJJKpKDBwcsQYMxDUVwGFtJXlnVwzSaQJWJJ396hk23ZbKFWHqCuq2/TcR6TFSICEVOeUb9RPvuRrX3/QN3B7ukLde2+uEuQluUHQRnTaFDkUUHPh3XwUFvxSDYAEAAKWME3NRr8o3eov2kuXaivb3saDvm5ThVeBoxVNFqQdEtrHEmIh9pdftPAM53oztG6IMqyM6BgR6lpHWsrNjdZ/0AQs2MRJJA2IJDFocf5BDQwEFtKa0u/vHuq7uCxFo15lPKnCKBnEI7YNFJCg9ae4SgqvZWNUyMfP2UMeckgMGhRUXYpPVlRZrLugSDb9KPUgsoHOoysVf44gcHN6njGykomoMbeZAw7rrprT0Q3I4SSXIBOsWYbJoKzQifLfklnLSRp+kfvt+0PgGJdpaZlqJji43oHAkjd1b+f7VzgMUna6I9zXhwdACG44r7wY088MRsksLJtbuz6AC9HGUEXBUI6PuKGgEAwIgUJvS38xcAW6eoyzUpAgNVrvL7zl9oKHcFY90CYJ3d2Xh1e4DGRHjsdV9TOxwz2VIJK6jp9VJzNBgRNa/MzMU75hlWQhDCcoIJGgo5l7N4QllHjdtB7srHu0L0D3yA+pker13gadcFCeN2PkqJox+3PLQspUWT1uFg+JnpY3mHymR7zoosTyOejP8jNuSYjUAmUhLQc0Jo9EwGcaITcOCHXDNVvFT3TBgu+9zhaG5W3t78Q0bXuYwggHdFxsLDxTEV50pzEdmCPOB0A2aLe+QitBnRAyNbTQSZgUUXT1KhIG2ampICkbm3DGYrL6U5QI2EA1uTUwUK4efka/QaQvQSxSKYGCBVkdH7KZ1VBAj8rIvICAlDB7B2BRfASgTQVZBm9MzqbHPYNBql0VAIyjMBambO6dah/mbmIjZ4YIgfLGXGeDfIlUt5JT8RMPi5K6zjxsdboytZGwJTITWsj+N42tIYeFuenSw/ZbfhMHektWpyCMBAAQktmTQICMseqUDaoR/hsUJdfofrZ9T6A721Aa/p61JqWJb8McOOXTrDsBbRgtmpJYVA3G6BRxK2LzdsI4UzHfTg7JBDKmIJJcVZXqVX/7VUrEQHW+gVp1GM1L3gti4h6gmlhxhT0DWoBQsDAJvzivCcC2mHWPVuhQgGj0ZtdUJNkqepqY4vH9hcDSMpPBXXDrtHgpJ7g9SobR1GhKSIn/TaQWQpQS8OSvx61sm/RLQ0viIWYEh5hapIzGWmBZWdoo2+E1YPcgghYaW1khW6rdWyRPfblA/L8u3BhmWlITVgu5AnPhOJ+c4zD2Yaet4Zx7kJI7VioQsoKHJrFrgxSNiA3v/ip/Pt7f9j36qtlfOekZWo8WzpxUaPGGU8iMZHBGQhWXRavAYfxKb4iRJTqha8wVS4gv76SvcTfp6/vebivfERgdDI06bCIaZNXz6Y5Jz/p4QblfB06TSGjwSuG2AisCBHN+YVKKeW6xN/7R/6CLWTXkSPvv/6jbXt2l1LmwhylCrQfBKmRlN0WyCCkDzhUMZxoTEgCC2jZUcrl1CVxKg5BZYi0LnCxljIB+dnvtv91u3TpxSu/+sVrigbF6Z+XykjQuFWY7/EBejBBucL2mPCYAUBFEBYuPjohOSlAs0kqFHAnKJ+VqAwQaZP9/xEpE5A/v3Pzb9/NuqzXFApFw57DpUGCeHbEpWPm/46JpkGb15Tg5BFdaMNSa1CujUAvO+Gmx40T5goFkdnGTNO33Fb5VNaVbFCXgSgatp3apywBEmIqnfVJ2UPFT2ntbpyHGKX/qbyh4OjE7NwI1GdIgLQZunI8pN2Kn+QbSdmA7Nr1Si4QjETx4MzaEyEipmCCnW/pAn3YLDDO0KhrWLaQjCnon+tSASl2gAoFkHn9m7+lt+yJ4XMgCsW2PYdLIHNnzGbL/DlPhn2joShjNYZnKYDHecvVcOQTqSQQ7LcekGtuJASTU8kFtDkZHAnbIT1nCHnL1UIkZ+C+okCwkZzeveZI8oof0DrJTc4QSqAsb22kOCK9l2oaqwOIYlvD6d0lzNwB407EXYIKElBZxYdGc37OSCoNBCNRnCtZUoKBmKXMz54JRICyqpH0Zi8MUnkgOJLsOaMsWZ4o1UZsFtFl+hJWN5HWZln/VgEQicnpVZa3pF2AC5sAykzp5eKiGcFKS9xl0na5/lsdQBTbHuxejd8CTMAdXWRHpjS5aHVRI25VLCUYqpxIY7UAwX5rNUZCRDm/x7moTwJ63YSZt5gSrhRTzaFE09LfWC1AsJG8+a8VK2CVzk8FzeTi+xJInrELOaOk1UqEPP/vqgGiaGh4uNLeFdHpSaYFuGRyAmOmpE/HVLfYUmue3q0aIFIt5dwK/BYO1oDuNAvL7f0jA+ZUBQu7BRKBgR9WDxBJAZ8rOqDrI1qA6Ix2OVkLCIIAymo/VD+oJiArKG8hh+gx6m2sh40g5QY4qg1Isb0rQJr9lE8YHqESbgA2gZQAiKSACyci10Z8QngTSOmA4OB+6nDBfgvFxJCRz7Ah0bLpskoFBCvgUwX3rgAf0wJgWIutZ5tAlvJbDwstOFZFJ3bDA8FGsoLe1QaIImUCcvGN3x4pDki2d1UcDi2DNoEUBuTizT+dKBKI1Ls6XEQtBdDDE8YI3ARS2KTcH987kTMoV+DR8ObpM/9r7/xC09jyOA63HIyGoLOURQ3LIumdl2AMgUDFYKQEAk3ZNpQ7L5l5sEk0zR+YdMBSiRET7mrFKnlIVKRPkrB7WZqUIgTixVui0AVjUlcfymVpX1oIl8uyfdvdlz2j+eNN2sZjpuNMcn4kmqCHSeYzvz/fc37Oqf9fWf7zP/52r1OFgdTTlbUesnYdtZIiENHpZ+vNJJrKdG4vBlInkqc7SuUI32yNAoRnMlHnHHDr3/k7A+CQVReNgXXrngk9ZB3Erf36kGhnHj0xqjCQemz02ZhJiZzUj+JWnUi0cpjOlasOaQwJFobiAKms8L6HQlGNgUgFCPQS3cRwX4saA5EIkMp0imJy6oJ7iayAVJevhofU6otLRW5A+Mh1fWJ2aupMKDKFJjsglcil09kmJyd7+oY+e9LVQ33DfUNqDEQMIAeOolMoJmZnhzrUn7C+2Ql+latHfl4iVyDH8ev6+55T9s6m01dcabanRWZM5A3kIH6dNv3RmspET58aAxERSB0iv2dIRurlwgPhP39t2x/uUGMgUgFSSTXvpmRScl0KINU7RwzLAsllAVJF0iH9ZHJ5gPAl1/VJyddclwlIpUaekHgyuVxADj6CImUklw7IIRKpCvhLCKSKZEqiyUSkrhPTTr+EgFSUia1HkmJRJCDWpe11KQGp3j5iVoKNEyKFrG7lzmYDraRnGQAnfgWI01z8B7HVlzOHvOJbSfkN7gUEYvCHSVDLI+wnUZPJe4klE7GAPJsz8ank1camRzAgBo+TceuPiAB/jnHa0YhAsai3DUupvUgkIOuhflOXwCELeJnCVvCYLxGlttJOP0DOJfqJYen0sogEZDu0Zx0ROKmTHG02p7KWw98tgaR5iwmDRmou6TRGyliHAJcvnmS4oxhlsNNJKkA2WAbb3kmjCU/OwhD4swFHDQDS4c64apM8YTD8JucQBPgCEsW74aHmu4mslTogLLUOQTqynhogwJsN2GuIAMjrixlGp7ve/GQiWyAVyXGsO6AEORmybCyVLB8TIR38y+CMyMVvE6DGQBrI6DACKQx6v+GQh/cwqZNHKSVmNifdxG9yPn1WztfrJvanmplMZAqEtLOs3WJ35rOgGp18ETYcDVLUcdlLhvOwKo4iV8U66CVNTCYyBAKjEwgz6QJjZ4q7sQwBSGDxUbtxNhPcTbI2QJLVYEZk8rTP34hu1Dd2J7VLCgTS8Fo8lNlMuWFMSgUsXs5vcRbMpXyuaP7IhBXcFZ5YGACLw6OoSeqkwRG21D+nMtWBgdSnPgI04/EyxTTjYJLpmMeejznDvmCB8kVjhRTr8pXLWSLK0G4imo+x3loPoZn6Z1b0uuY0BssGCEmQBxNY1NYu7Xf4WDsBH6KufPpjKheIxYM5dyxO5bNB+LKHLpWCnvzuFpUlDgcS0fhWAWVmxbY/pcZAPusYnKeqyeF5TaeDHGEhSKCwe7wuOl1Isr5iIc3mkuaPZV/KbA66YUSLVyKaG8atK6ChmZVqEyoG8pmqio7THkNFTkSoWJ6/0IEiF6PyHFuOl7Nu+OCOllNBp6OcovJ+Np5yen3BVMzhoeNMRc5DHZI6S4ecQjLZgYF8eqadTZsLLCAIwuKOQznB8T85ylvmeIDZNRd9/MvOABVP5bNUsUhz/mg2TPqzOYfLCV/OWQ6Vugtx6lE3KXaHilyA+OJU3Gew56K2LGUuxbiwO8Bx5RIstfIFc9LHFs1pZyAFS60oxfMiCQIAf9TtAGwqFQ9UgZBfmsv6/Gcaxc3tMgFiycXSsYCdLlIBvzMYgw/JJON1x4LOcCYWzDvcZaoc4PLBWNTlC9LuSrFr88WLtCMXLMai5yjs9LbJYTUGcqrWhZFn1wmFxhbjt3mgRud1CHzK+EnSkfFa2PRugSX9GQef6aszwAZ+uSTpdpbMaV+N/DBAT0Fd5h0WcS5FNiErVUr5olSpCKU4rK84eneXdhhIPgYBAhCBVCmZA4CvcMHBMjvwO9Ow9vUlS/HjCS0FmXGydgPqYomIu/fKAQg/V8I5GSfnCjDsweWfYZjMcUIg3GUYx05c+Qa7k3HbOJbJHYsPWGrtptFXFaFuV2Mgx+sanAsA0s/PsLvIg7NuALaa69zCFmBEO1lCkcBlgAPhwzG5TBzKFFQXqWwTIFJbnfSBkHYmyMJrujqt+5mIFg2mKffp03xqDMnRxWQDjRC8JBHHSaQPBDjTH1M1WYBfmQWnkn6UzdalMUi7L8c1tO6us4nyESyRgJhebb9sEIiNKUFpR9REsIzn1LnnJWN9l72BIMgGC2DdbMfFAbIQGlc21pdlyAZTsKA65uGMUzkAFE0w/UTfOU51q+bwfneqNk3rwbO2aSHrRx6I6ffrIdTOReCyR7matByNmz/SXFOAQN0+0XABrH3z4X51B1hVx/1f/qJSweeHH2ZamwtkbHweuZUUGGqDDD/9XqLDzQHCq8QGiWiXE4OJaX7fMpXxBfzxhlbVsQqfn7Q1CcjiWIMh61QzVi5IR5vEAx6e35SpASTaW5F/PZiJ3IcO0fYhMvPgIfx+Ar+XEyduNCwSkJFXrzfHBFrCVXDhpvGoOMm7Bgrg1ieRXq1qcBr6g+b5HaOqI/LXB6v3NKpriYdtzQDStfJy9K5wTQ6KpprO9h6ZiObGWqeq9fmghr8D95pR0xl5rh1c1bSoEn/U4M8YnttJbPuokgRS6FS1TfNAtG8i382sRp6r7k1rWloTyxiIEGELcSeNlrZHEIh29Xv+7Gt/uLc2vfZd2+ALTYsx8QsGIkjYQtwFvvV+5JamZe2Rpg0qjwctxt7IwwfTa62a24kTG2xgIA07CRIRVefa6q3lyG3j9JNW4/1bt78fNLa9iSzfenHH2IKBCOQkSCJRO3MnsfZDW+faDU3nYCLx4k/altYPicTgyc1gMRDRiBh7O7Utv+uEHmHs7a3slqXt7D21mwMGIhoRVQUC/6BSHexepjq9ixkGcr7Zxg6ZzvZeUCAKheAdKRiIxIhgIOcV7QITwUDOm9ivC9sihIGc22w9agxEWqXWEAYiraglZBrBQIRYaRewZQsDkRgRDEQIIHqbYEQwEIHkiFDFLwYiUGLflxmQ7rcrFxqIQv++Q05AuucXQwuHQMCFNP2/VUKYSEDG5vgvZVd3tzXqvXKWec9+izBjBD3Mf/577dPWew3Bem88EwPI+oZyZR46yuJeKPTNmfbr42+Q7fGv6GP++T/kIV/80779tD3++VsEC90UA8jVReXoXt3vHh9ooFgYa6C99SW6q/8B/TAD48qvbOhAdp7enFv/qkDaRQLSfjGAKG8uDYzU/eb+u+gHOLrbP4KtdCMP6d9BP8zdfgkCwYaBYCCCmal9BXHEgtW6jnyYt9arXUgDurrardZXI4iH2dnY6Jc5kIHXqGlwY2kFObiPL918iXhyu16OboS6EK+u0PjAXpesgbxtX0QF8mpzCbl8D80tjaGfqDnUP800N7a+KGsg/dsrSwOI/0F3/+gmamn2un3nKWpoVN7dNCGOGLHOb7fLGsjO/N7rn9EL0u0FxAFPR5VzyG41YEVG+FRpQqYotSrrx58QBzwbsM6j/tM/zbfPo3If2UTWkt3bG9a5EZkDWUEtS1aejSNfhF0LPyFXP6YF9ODTfXX8KzsI1iFo4LEwxMIQGwaCDQPBQLBhIBgINgwEA8GGgWAg2Gh05pQAAAAWSURBVDAQbBgIBoINA8FAsGEgF8z+D/UWu9SxX7YtAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Comparing Nearest Neighbors with and without Neighborhood Components Analysis

![Dimensionality Reduction with Neighborhood Components
Analysis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dimensionality Reduction with Neighborhood Components Analysis

![Restricted Boltzmann Machine features for digit
classification](data:image/png;base64,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)

Restricted Boltzmann Machine features for digit classification

![Varying regularization in Multi-layer
Perceptron](data:image/png;base64,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)

Varying regularization in Multi-layer Perceptron

![Column Transformer with Mixed
Types](data:image/png;base64,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)

Column Transformer with Mixed Types

![Effect of transforming the targets in regression
model](data:image/png;base64,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)

Effect of transforming the targets in regression model

![Importance of Feature
Scaling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Importance of Feature Scaling

![Map data to a normal
distribution](data:image/png;base64,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)

Map data to a normal distribution

![Feature
discretization](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///+Sw2O+QIjAQYr1yeNkmEvK6aT77fXv9+Tiibllmkrkirtil0mUxWT4+fj97/bih7j3y+Xn9tPr6+zxudrh4eHp6em84JL62OzM6qbx+eb/8Pn94/HeebDnmMLy++ifzW7+/v/5zef3yOT29vaQwWDz9PPl5eTw8PBnnE3mj76LvV3c8L+Wx2dckEH8/Pza2tr98ff0x+P1/OrI56LN7afg3t/Ly8rQycz/9fvPz877+vv2zuWwf5vgg7V+BEbCyLv60ulfk0XX19fGsr7E4p28xrK8OISerJf76vPAPYjP66q/lqypToG/nrDHwsS+iaby9ejERI357/LMxci8Pofw4+mBElD28u2RpYjCP4uqPHv4/u2IuVu/45VViDyIIFpPfznZssnU1dPIucHs9eDU28lbiUUwbR3yxN/63u7N1cXVf6692pl3qFCsu6DHe6RGeDG+gKL0vd7OvcaFq2L2+Paw1obJzcLs+dim0Xmgn56oqKeXsX+Es1nHyMXUaqW4trbqpMvd0dfj8c3f8cVhiFDj6tnEUpHS8KtvkWKbymvZx9HHrLwLWAFtnkl+rVU7ayrn793l1d2Yl5SgMHCXRXJwoVGJMWHBp7W/vr6ndo/oncbus9XOsMHnvdbahbOoxobWp8OTNWqOjorZc6vrwts8dSb26vAXXAi20ZP02eiwyZGxv6f/6PenaYsgXxBzBD+zNn63wq5mkVeXVXmvVoifvn+Mq3FXfEnO4Lh7lXC2c5mvsa4GUQD55O/EcZ7itM+XIGPa4M+dtJEnZRe0aJLU7LRLhi/G0LrY7bvOXJyms5/Peqjz7OejW4PtqtCJR2m2lqbf59V/n3S0iqHq3eTr8eGsvZRlBjiyX421PoJ2nlnt0t/SnbvHnbWjSXsIRAIwXiGAomOaaoF7KlbYwMWqjpeDhX0cUBD6/frKkrKIoX++Zpa906eStXFuHUlJcD3b4Nfjyte3p6c+fyN0m2VugWWNdW2cl3mnrIR4aFVWCC9tR1RaPD07OSNpvcujAAAgAElEQVR42uyYz28UyRXHWx6QGUZqz6jpFpIBaexSdWkOmYHDdOgxazmDtLGFaa+9rBN8sdJcbHFAGHHpkprySokVLadtO1BrNlZoVkg+REKBEy1YDlxWFr7sBUvBR2sR/0Ne9fw0nh/G5AdS6jMzdv969V7Vt+pVVSuKRCKRSCQSiUQikUgkEolEIpFIJBKJRCKRSCQSiUQikUgkEolEIpFIJBKJRCKRSCQSiUQikUgkEolEIpFIJBKJRCKRSCQSiUQikUj+b8nKJvif4GKTEEVVSzhL8gpxdaJghEmB+iWsEIQPWm4pspGqIr1cypewihTFcIoIqQQhjHzd0BDGVgERhaiKcKTmbR37OsYKfLLgFmk+UvOkRHSfGqikYlw6SBhML6soTxTFL4MznBdlKnliEfBZwlqZunm4ffBq/vuhxKYeCwIrZJ7qcO4HUWAFVhQyGkaexw46UMgODz0/pJTblAYBdr2ABT51vSj0Qm6DDxrwiEYBzRbBdRQFLqHMo1HoeJFXINSNWBABPKAshEAC8yBhhAEFPF+nDKoZUh5ETImsCKob+IFNA+YFEIT/CQnCGS1TaP4d6irM92noQTN5jPPAY7YdHrTvYGrEhXLq0UJIVYt60MJekdkhj+AiyMVAB89nCt/xLOZ5IEjEHfAahpGieXrk7TihkMOC8CISOAcJI4IQKHVZEaR1oSd4O9RQaBkigzp6lDkM9NCZl/9kBNHKBkZIM4hOkFIqEqwTE44xxqqOkWYedIRAZjCgUGRqOi4RU8kXNZEcTayYxNDMAtEx5C3IYpCdwDUmRUgm4BbpSNegFxgmNkwNPnAJGQZWi+hAA1XVNAMhpGAM2dIkUF5JwUUMVYQPFkB8pvZpT+fZ/2DRWblskEgknxwlZOhIzJREL1UnzFJpPzOnikxTFQemWVvnqiXZnh8NLGVD5jPbYU5kOa7NHe45LvMdbnQ25B4NHIdbVsSZb1ku59yzbMZ9jmSrfsTkXQxhuUtZ5FGfiiVtRAPKYbPh0S7DBFbbYMjBkFNYkrqwVI6Y2Ilw2aof8z6lVDJ1TFRsGkUE62gTqQYsOWHZ2a2fI1QEQ1iHQ+YiBjEQIZpRNIz2hvn/fu12Y5maYSDMEfJ1zTKN7gGVRc0M07BdzfQpLOp1KAF2A1BprHfNBFloD9PAGiGGw32Ds2L3icAumappGIYPm47IJxg2AxrRsPBK9rHjtjHMIAaCfQqzCy73O0wieccBR6pti5Jti7omgh2MVYYpTC8yq2DAdkcrUB3udpuKCswxONc/fPMJ+1ux60WQbsPA2XG7WnAX8oewYp4fhUEIaZqKlBJR6nndN8AFS3gSX9+DDFLuPsci5ouMBcUzrwwOAzgLYA8uNscB7b4LYzrEG0KokOWgFDXf6Y2AFfqh53lxtVgQgAOoFUQMAZt6FIJ9JI69qFvcRbDxih+8gsi65YLnW9zCRZg1YfLr3uMKjFmeV4aZ0rbKOud+6JuswG3ucqvYvb9rzCkXHcthBYMZjOyjD2VZ7ASKty23YDOberpt2T6cc7fQ9W1MFiZ1HZ5kDrFtu1D21U6jiUNlLGbbvKxb8L9SLdvWnVCsJioXCmVud20njRc44Wa3NxB7wcQUW36CK7R4ApJhCTdA8C2IdxDiCH5GuXKM4ltNdiJ93cS7EP4qZSBULauFR2ixfLPVTXRTcyuW4nUIBu+oZcDvRVqrYaV2sUcoqoVLIapac4VvxiAkvuJAfBEpYxQfwb+Y+HGhbasmI7WKtrlHqiOn4LgfDieKcnd7vMGTl9cnrjex6+TCm+9r3M0r2XPju3j99Hp7Jt7cju1uX4EB/3i34ZMbvxZ8GT/wFh6unO+GwSL4SlOkF2qRwMMXKj6aC2syhIb9eXt8X7z68z/q/PG3ICRrLunG9+3Y5dCxq4Ic5LVXGYwufn5ZMDY2NvnTrc9SLUmnU6c2FwYHBjLVz21I1t+NXW6yPJlOtbEF02ODmYrtnBBkBiwujfVUf5cmj5/t7+8/PTogWIRi5vv3cPZrSBDnH12uMbY4Uokkc6K/bzV2fTK+vjR/drfhlzCYz30uHAp3scPK8aX6SeUysPSXo4ePHhYcPfyr38MM92WjsBPgsFb7gYHBubk5aI56DE18VRPEOLAgiUTPWGLypwegRjKZTqeTdaoXhBqHMocaDJ6PBUk0WaaSzVRO66Z126ogPU1cmlzv6wVGxf3MZjqZmofzqep3tHLQVxEkUWNscaha4rPe0VWIOJU7GV9fgsKmGua9pyuC9LQFqlCPBASp85tYkNOiDODZSL3umUMLm6dyqVQut3qvemmoN/ZV+Zn7EEQrdhLkUUON90hd20imU6v35napURPkKXSsxFJLy/TzNaFGbo9pN0F+eFsVZLT2rfzr7yJIauNaLEjPUlxYw7qrIDNb9cOxVoKIZn623iTHsdWU6LRQxXRydSFTDQKcTYG/qS+O/Km7INnH00YHQXpatilcSG0Mz7ZQozFCluJEtdcw93J4O5dbbGHaSRB4duTvw+9ysSC9zZ2uwwg5A20hRsjs9MZkbYQ0bEe7CZKYGZ7uPEIgsONNFTi2mkzHVXw9PJ5LpnPH4hrO91YjPnKkmyC/iD8Xv7vZXpDbV/e2aSqZgi6eW311bmBkrxwgiJhDfj6ZfN9SnK7BrLGxMrGQybSwbCcIfB7C7YE3Kxu5XJyyRpslaS/I4LPTD8UIGV+5OlkfIUKJaq7pay9IYguy1dbsi0bSainIfOZMfXgsLMbVXIP2uXb/eS4FbTQnbhyv6PG7I50FySNFu3+usiO+/XU7Qc6v7Rkca2upd9NPF+YyIyM/Xv+xRbuOXPlFyV7Yk+KSa+nU9uzG6ubC0MjfJub22p1pJ8hXfQ8frwhFNtPv3lVHyNRoI/e0EWRw7ocT396BrprM5R4sz9RGSC3TdZhDti4llqeXE2IOebS8lWg7Qponj7nNVDq5lsxtz17NwRSSe/4aMteqqNZ63HHE+OgoyN2XRLtz55v4FfWTi/sVJJVcmxlfnJhe+esANNDbmX8OvK/G/GifUwJB0u+Pq43l16deDb+aAwmHno63UHJo3WklyNk/vP5mamV6YuhQZnFtZmb9dK1/14bIVMs5BMbg9Sfr387OPhf59fmL5focMlUvoOUISSS2XrxI3B+eFUokll8sJ9rNIScacpy5l0uLKr7LrQxvP7h169Zn48tXwbFIWutxrF90FEQjyo0JrJgvz8XvoPR/EWo2MG2cZxyntlfmugvckmYGUiKOfIA1jdhBaZyYXLySLI7wZuwcTrhWuTipOhhTUjdiVSZtDK9dtIVKCTpqCsGWT3GootQ9FnvrdAnY0pxNwXHMApFtxTCJjyzUkhuiqtKyau97d8bGH+lJgDF+sXl/7///f57HbCtZV8Sy1gApLw9Je1mrRjs7Z4Ab2mHpkGQddQ2gAf/MAkD2haRO33KtxjrnAgsRhwXoYQ0Mbed46eiRPCAifEV9ge1Xt8XCDgTpLQ91dY6a+CNu0pXBU64rbFmI34Eus9fUNmIOllmvErgYFwlVlkCzSIYQOB6gIAkakvgJgYvihRXSjGTjkDpD0i5iQlFOkIQIx8XnJ2C89yK8QnjDKgrksdW6rq4GMHhdP8Lfsz24+G0KgVVqQm+VuCUdiNxKuKA2UHTZZ+FfF8LRMBUCUi5VTBAJt1ulQjUxnxs+GJFYg+6MNDiQBYFQsZk202hplWOO1QAgMsVDtiWjkWKhjiLuWLDDIWkrU1vBqQVAjO1EgBIsS7A7UyGFiMHD8DjYUHEgQIg5wVCBMXEhhfQhabMCOGSKJDXhBNcdoC9AENB/1ad3Vqt4hfCGVQRId0NdZOlUcIrdfna+ZUYAwl54rkK4nsGPJBZaWB8bdLNeA7+daCIGzSe9pbwRZAMBNaCiulfVZO+LBWNWd9izrKrlVqaBaOTj6aU5QMTgoOFm79nYdHDxgnfIBRUilT1kZ5Xco3VcH6IrEOri3g6J3z5kAK90ZpDWh0DKgrJ3TACSsbsCComLKYYOgCtOmim+5hWA4IWBICoOh9QJwoMl5ghqjCQpweMAENm7kloIhDesys0FgDRHPCMnMXu4qZnd6GF2pGutx8/JELCpoIPz0D4Xi0UGWCvrIM0PEWBWcGs7AI3xDI01QGC30ds7MBBzDGADA4agYYTxysGR4o6Wai2NPCAgV8kAgS2Ew33shSlmWi7RDAPz6TTxkb5qPXmhbgzY9cuz2MJc0BCc8TJnQKpLYR+Cr1ZZgunlKgQnzQGCxMDTAiAYhot5swKnXVRUIZerwVntstuJLhKj6RhBURhpBDUaXNIj5UKkUxBI5Vu/f/9vr+UBmTZ7zjbsOWWoK2komY96HpcMDdQ9p+x1pvtpDW2OWdyzVivs0FIMq3XTYU3ulmYDgdoA3QbqJ+2s2z/LLmtVqCtqTmhdpBVNx0b2pcsFgpkpnBi0rqhH1dPPaIfWCgMaVFkmXemag54LhDSHE5JZA+tAx9WR6IBURtszfYhOwFhmys0QcdyMBcbiIMahVKJMANxBiov3IQCIqlcKE+qMmdQ7Q0F9UtFzmHqGEUYKAwGE3+FTfVxIkB9WNDb+8r08IHs31pSU9LdwEKaiC90lHvtzgawORtwODYgMAzzYKm90QOuwe7X5NDJAqu9tUMFuA/G7NWiHdRaFNxeiTfKEuUnLe5xp7cIcy8JBEIvjVpsaeMtIirFom8wTMqEx5BpfnbC7uZaFJ8ArdVndYC+US1GzU0qToUwfwjciBauseBxGBuQhxlOM2TiWBURUAEhHNW/MspBTpnD6QNu67zwRZWgByHmoEIlExwvkdmPjiy8WAAJ68/66ER8/L9kNLK2h+3FxIKcur/bTWrTD5Q76eOdvsSCaa22jZaWlRYAMrg6pEC3icDn0LOwNUAfIHuThw0IccxUiEhvFxBihH1HDH1pagKaGndJ0pw4POPjERUkukPZ7GpfDCivr8VKlFaiq3NmV6dSFg1CoDzGKcQJkMs4RoUGmx+N4cYU0p3mARJd1nQlRPhhW58foOIcWmBwHRKPjBHIb4CgEpOHI9rq56b3Z099pemNRID9bLYXcLe4EvQwqF6gQRA6rVG/YVAiICQJpXi3R/bMalrY4+F9Uq9XKdTb7tLrQwlzLonCSFK1wz6FDQQ+mtZqT6U5dl5ZJvkJEVMJPsyo/P8vqhW3IAGgqMp16aZFOPU7joB+Mx1cHi9Cziiqku2+Vx5mgbC4Q6oJ5K9t3xwhrNXNADC1L1iHRwkivfJ/jUQDILizcPTeU/T58zXx097cCqdVOYwZXwMrNSnjzL7u7kGpTlimVa2kcba3cnw0E9WIWa8ClFUpjsLJqNxNRlyqVufIy3f1tNpA4Zo6TJC5Xrg4XtR7GW90pPKFwFvKrLOAXYTcd0yCZaa/CzlBAIu1ClcVVvfl9iBHEMmzQxVlFF8PEIZhCCllnSFf2MjsW0gdA8cDNwoFIRIcpxiwWXZFJq+Eoy/Tdyu9DGhUVFflA1i1Fdi2unZQ0p5a2dHuXnq8QxB+ZdywDF5BvqqpSwwOurhlKDSptkT6BSFUZpAGriTVAQKnc5F92Q4yffsovHI0sXFAPRvozC/mll9YAEQVSFEEZrymr1OAZYRkgd6UG/Loh76hgjVXgo0CG4OaIfxn0nyiKblKr4Syr2seQInDaBSCrC3NCnUiRYxQocdvbje1ivgcxM5QwRYFVVn39Sy/VZ4CkZ3WyZMoXijmlCkW1AriXTHrljghjiB4fGbqMSKBjbb7dWFHR+Ktz587lAak5gsEBVs2T63+efOQBcf7K0NSgz1aH2YV/Adj4SknDtgJAtB5sVq7dpDt48+axr5tMIGfnB5t8o83MkGA/J5+0Xrq0Mw+IRGM3O7Tazmunb978wgvpTQ01x9iGIaaPXzi6p+3o9tZKsPDBGiBw1ioWGeW7Jn83ed9rQRDHvGeKWC61YzP8GxFte3SlbVUZIPDNMHgZaYyVIwja9+upQ488cG4SCesDBMFgXJVlKuu3lY6ChauNIS5ch0mMagfpYbfb/5cKgO/pBdCT4AGGFIOfAiDHf1z/8sv1eUDgONmpGN7gWJpa+tqelJVLvXSY0itoZqIWtoWtD/55oOLAD/60devW3+zPC/UtzeB23frJE7cufom9XlLy9Bn2mm1vw3QLb2M1x77acvDEZB4QFPW3XNOV9c/cv3jrxDckaIEjUfueFeWMZ4R7W+DoH278tfWLL/dvzgGCoEhitnN8tN9247MPP4+G1WVtKWbe1q9e9KxwClG+9/b1Szc++FdlDhBwRGGs4isH3771988ZgxZNPMOmXe7Sn7JtvLAmP7CdPPEI+A83yzqS6E1fw0+f3L37ZNexd25d/QZblHcOPTMPJoaHfcF7dytbwXX/qwen35ncCW7tB0CmeoTrypWkD3xJJv/7nw8vPiPBHSmGDCZ7khS8uyf00Y9+fvU7Vz87Xp8DRCaTJZPVG1T+kQ8+gX/iu8NdUWxgokuRJCywrji68+A//nLg+NU3v/fCC2/mAKlZHIH7/pi2rz95aMf6HeCbbR8/JaeyEuUX10v2fHKxIRsIiko6DJYydZnSZg5v//jQjM0GXKZ/cIg8y3kQ51RvnT74xrF///GNbCDo/+k2G6AmzjSOy4lJvIAR23rs0mkKaK2pQOMmHtFwC9xBoSsohyYwpEMQiZEPqzZewVFODwTDBcrHGEJzgwIzgFYOOCCIYESIYPxiIJAgfgBC4a5YUA/bs52buffd3YTg3b3MkHc287K7z+95/s/zvLsAtz76T6AQomg8etu1ExKNFfhzYEVbjZUviuVQGSffpGDlTTZgDiDAG4FHJpx7+CmYSqWanIivJZqDvq4Hx0d0E+JIciEZFxH1ZSX/KPOigATW+ojFISFi8dycTxyKlup0FnO8ojctls+XVMzKj4KvXEOofjn8c6zF+AKFVwqARMNnvDwe+8JYN/jN68a16fp/gaIJzA+PDcrBQVhFsdlPyt2OJG4uMZYsAwK+uWdI5713MCQI36k5ceJxJai2v5jr0skv8P70tsdWT5BBuFenMsLqJsv9XFyWRcj6PQHfDTTChx8BQfqAFS876VLrY3xkRZnK/tJSS8GmFckvlyLE19WjujIyR7sb+DPH2rZTJLr2zAti4HsP4SrRvhl624w13JnCCregTkC2jp//a8U5WLbyNdoZkdezuyKoMF4BbfJNkYVldMaxtJqw/BabXbLGTt05dfbcnVM1Pd+fAtOJwd6Yl53Bsm/ASH0sb0stK5TEkWNDZl7wmuRgOE2GQM77worOtVZrOHgf+Me0HpWZC/JlcK/LW4UHeVbPbRXHoGBgplaLLFjBBbNMCOQ3UNW6ed09BvK5m26Mx5v+mQf7e/Z7E3g373u4X7x6LQBSUrJqVVKos2St7UvnGXq6eV94+Dxp04iYz66JIlPFwIVr5DfenrsBt02AfTISrxzP/mqjy/II8W7E39mOTztiId4YkQzDxVsTpRvaaaDpeA/XbVuW1MWeErluwyweDSHAmsqro+l0DnRS/k6t7nSfPoVyu9KkDhuGoUs5RJw6gzeuGcRzIAQ+KKqsTS92WeHC+r4a7f6oIS65EDMrh2UYzD2sFAhkn48rcLbd56Vy2AH5igmG8GRRXlUp+MvcHIOusWIik15oUjZQC7lpZISEiD21+PlofCD1Ptw24rJkw0Xx8zGQXeWEfKQrqvabM+RoVV7NzSVnLRQQdrpUztbiYzxKgFavLWlqPAwpsKN65H0JCaspIKE3b67avNk5h/C6cO1qOQ5zdwi8x5yLHX+UcJjXPWsNOu14wu53IQ90S7sy1M8PxIeL+7II+d2D07rnSy8obkh+lvcWlVWk02/l2Cvh5JYd6z90ANkDEPOnn1fgOqu9vOWU7WntJOXGMtu82KtA6QhpCGcpbFwaSMD+dyM59d+2BTVPO3oVTs7pxAhIJzanDU/LtNALS00KmwJ1JHUguz7VD/Ta5hGyUhYTAoagauqVGVr+vgoIUaaNWocqTPmWXgeQ7SCziIYeVMifa/gx9r3Vy2634GliJNHSRquGWU8IwGC0LwguZSBwNkpLFk/3vBH/9gKPfIdm7Vr2vb4XP8MZO13bPHbvHnnwwubQI0luB9x+6ebm5k8DYac/12mbtX9xhe1fLGg3FA1Jd2Vx4JY1bVLNDHA/wCOXEXYs+6Nsd/c3ImRFIK5vnB532ifpNFJbXd76Ludm/YMfht/xtgMBJaYoCJ/V6sfr7Yb18ippssIHLljvxBDGpW+ehcnMofEWIAksCGQXRKaVDw0G7XP0G6IcY4cXFCrZ1xO7ZOjSwtHQhlJHhHgA5ZFqGwe7qH19AARRXzHGg+TEihONRFkw+zouhg63mlOcgRTi+oHpcYkdCHdLkhGSjOHUD3QxvSAQsh9QZ/hvvgQnEMjQHZCxa/AaaQ2Zu2eo8fRpJfm5WKOnj5izi7Oz3ZRHyrOLiw+Z7DlELh+QTzzxEFP7I1lZ88Y8DFQOsQGFExoRySMLYSDH3f1fQclaHiE7Aj9YoTKULVk+jc4i3iqVc6e4o6WgdRMN5NfgNjkSVeSa3X0Su6OLRBHDlE6VLmY6zApcNt90YNiWe5v4PAAAIUNCI5L0HbUD8RLVd94lzYn2Dr10XqgYTjRhrHW3gykgrq5PboRUR8350BFCqC/lmSH4OL5m3MZyWhhecAAY3AGEWa+SBBQacuxOItuyQJZvMczYykr4NQWEwQhbSPTPQBhkhJBl79/O7d3b0/Nw7ydnCSGDIVSrpx4hcCIMe31ZKGTQbR0izJi6VQ4+GS00EPbhbl56wlEPqvvrF6rD8hb6z2Sx0JjenVaYI9EsQoB8udG9OOmVm9//qLI0KofZ7/7f/6oGTcoaGkighETAqa/QBFCaxdkWnyaT0QbhykiNAnKNsTCMi462A1Fg2IEw+V4ca7Q1gCLCz4ywyGj3RjEyQLhcVMZFMZAITPNnCEZYuB0IKM+qd7uG+FIRsnBF0E/yi2PyReSpueDMKBfjYr0mYHAaCIe8UmblfhFmF8MqoTqLBYEw+QEiJicWWJtQAzMjRNUCYCMctTeGoMjeW5Pw+5V7zxLA7JemLqvVwOzgB1GrheADLFETCKEmiIV2AETQYI8QIHL3umo94fbIOgRpn8qAyJH+3BSuDNwiysolGOpfuYPxUWix+xtVFlSjsaNDFVQ0fFw0+VvHc1sVfFHkQ9WG8PgNL7evp/+B1h4h0Lk1UUNBM3xYpspMxqc2G+2DKYvB4KyK/bb4uzZz+FVCiMDrcQABdhiPitZbyUYcy5v8EbNRgYFaZnvBLDPQ0mnODzfn3u4Hku4EBIw+Q1DXQRghjLCbk1eIFJQCohkC6d2232LutCjCQeqBZQQF5HEqOR4bukYWycvDgosmLwlSYOfBjEwtjE5NvT7/U9iVR2FV7RkIQkCvH13q1Fee6+mRJ3x6tp8g1FPGp4gAGB8O5PWoGoToKPJoQVBVJVCr4XGkZakPYY89HNFb41gpBENQN3nE3f39L8MYDOL21dnedWeI0csZrcWflR9ycff7rxxCbvQmy3Xf0RHy92BlBL3jqJMC46uiNHkXt7caO5yqrEBaqOo1Fbh+DVmm5nfGxyvDydDgKvBBLos7Ykhrqht9ZXykpgTBCQjHqtHjhX+IIVPvjw2tRyxkIYYtNs9irNLGrnBj50mlsV1NSskyIDeqa/AbHlCykJMd7XUFKMwFcbJpfLS/f147+4PxZPnFm1f7yTFPlr2uW8Fw3VpdKB2ksNviCxZuRpCl9vVaufS8r/gn7WhdU9UtY5IagScUOgH5xScJOly+8my7i4vfsadJ/sopUBctuPhN4f8GUvPz4KMiZbnSeODPLuDgwkaTE5Dq6gFchaFbBIL3D5V8Vaf8zN3veBiifo2/FjIy2qaPGRP9m4oOwSLrjRxChkLbfxg5/9A2zjOOS1t0M7e7kCZNzOmPSk5zdQ75lCySwuaszLlUxq2WNaYkrjfL11tm6YY5mYMaOQJrDBK5soJ+mK4qhGyoG6gSMhWzQMo8VKijWQkhY7O7DOqRySoDb2bCIQq0f+1572RblhNnr42QbD/S3ft5n+f7PO8956YbZS6XBo+dU+qP6z9DJeL1Y53dmon5QENamjzkW9959ctfqmnRkGXo35Nrc0su5ZwfT0A675pbTGTsBffGihqi/94E5NKfb/QoYd8AhpbA6pJLKVWmHi+A/E/c6cpLUlUQarZWIEc/+uDVjxQNscEClcRbbXdmFLn5Cpaf/WtJylsTuQ0hoSRLGQVIw/DCB3+9rBypxTLUlU+9/3E3JD2fvvDwIdAFD8nkrbXARkDCNrOsrb2sd9757RdvvBfnCB3OQAEomHmC4whuw01whPsWIbg5eTUbI+AVZ96u1A+89JsPbrz7MTgI5SXZkFZcc0adNOlrl76SbBT1dY2OmPx8LBZBDrLbQz4fOKk+6buHWvgPrbtP7rwV6/BhzXKxu8VD3nq77S8fjihyMbU8B4rxwJXLzYCTgATMXFsMQlimEpJDzNqpHR4CgWph4Es16o/OuwwGy8wcv44UCAxHrnbdDVod9gSWDguOViBnf/iDC0pT4GItZ8cc2NJtYQwpkCGopEk2LCglIPmqKi8RkO7T95XRf2Ogu0sJNtWCw2jUpnPl9DVL/4P+/gf3p4zGUMjod/rkYjQEgy2c2Q5ZXwwMXPzmG++t4FxMgGqD40VRp+wmosIDHhic53SpFNGyuXjg5k8HbnS8DcktFpX9poiOE0Q+xNJ0yOf1eo0hVsuaPGQ0nGSf6iH7X7uuzPsxUdzfMTY7JhcH+3o2092+w5oTy0/OjPGPtj3kU3VjRL/0WCk4LBPh3NDMeu9yqTi27jJcubaIWalM1U5J/ArF8c1A1ELcMPp4ChkODRbvDbnWe3JhcW59RkRtKxEAACAASURBVD8CyRjEogLmyJfzUnmFagXy8r6H//n5y/tO7VsUwulgvjomFAP3bsM7oUTJWs1TjmpZytcV11KBTDXkCVI/VG5gUla0s2YiIhafVHuVxaQ/aOL9pKlc1ppFpLBaugkI6jf5PQLCCGGRASjJVFiOmZXNXZzhZYJxi7JOFFuAHHjp1Au//tGlfn0XNiyEIx4+JojFLMdDjkvTWlqrw0k2Uvf4RZ59modoOv74J/VuwJMnNftF8fTs9PvhwGbpXoGPeTSqOdKzf7swfNDol1g6/7kq5L0LCMro4PR8sYCuEoN+yRVIrvIZKpFv0pBGLWB485+vqa7VOwNQ+u4sL2+E/9uFpoyS1tYkyp6XMLDdBHL4u/fvX1K+L5y/Dgt+apwTPNFSOJF3P8mCZjh8IaNxpRIzGp2eEBmhjWjUFCCNXHfkk09QhgqJVAajU6V8wT0dnlaSOv0VocKHSI+H9UdolPmQzUB+/JPPPlM8RCdwCAofE1fDcgPIWoVndIKZ4Xl8B5AD335x39GH59+1tC1i7c64iYmFZSEWW0tFG5pRXKNJZ8RER/zKCti9/f63pjrkMpTtx2Krner/eTq0kT2nOTPRueN6yC9mNnP+iQV1BSJRnluwGGbXNqySHSljIhsDD8nbMUpRAkrRkJ5Nu5k3G28B8WZqbsZiWa9MU2pyWA0HHFQ6b4WAp4C0IiCuRgKnX5qAYkd/ME4wBMEL7UHEHZOsLKy7ZJgjaU8UThiWISzE8WYgbS6XvV0Zw+1OLuIdzmRX/3AV+Y/BVUpFnP6Ix+93+pVRbQLyjYu/UjxEiU9o8uNCcVXHIY9ghFSWYDiBUOPXFpADaj/1P/51qQ0B0bI0Dn8EAlSJefwKED4ssGTUA89UHk+9pr5jTJSWNdNJVL6P5iCX68zdfgYQw1Ylp2+7AkF6JVuzijzEfsc4n7GhyONAxRM27DVOdjQB0Ru27ZChVShJiSyK/VaGs1OOFT5NKWUXZvfNNgFRDfsBCLpHhml3pEU5uJJNhGDZ1XmSpOtltFunnPZOIHqDj26MiA53kpFUICjLkC1bZkUZJ3iIPIQ6uOlmIMoNLQgI3hCNZErgUiJCIItuhpFFntnR5PDizZunUIB9/XtvKUDgeCI6RqcjSilOSEEdiMIjTWr5ulNRdNpHPR/IKz2vnF7bQHe+7T+H1OXykWcAaZysfuTgXSXepPO2QiUH80pJEHBs1rxdpQFrdgeQLRqKbECISyQcgUoNGWagWAZttgIN67A3RDrHmoGoZg0geDtlzaftq9m0Ec7MYyK1bBRkAH3tAtLW5ttEFdERJogYxszaLeBrWHBDBqXjzbrGIHYAUbuvVrau0zJmAa11pOtuN/AheGJn18lRtY3jrLKju4jZ4Wj8HHpfgdetKrvtZBRQsH6PVuWB/R9AYPyuMv8Ifj8fO6I5Pgfy0eFa73wqEL1+c1JhCqFqjRULCbvNnhRgbicdQCPOm9AH7wICPnV1kVINbcGgVEklEhDjSysOLJ8IUlYvE0ESaNoNpH8LCKS/wclKMuMnWXMqztI6P6xAf9lDPg8Iy5LeQHF+dMliyKXcjFsmcJiypPmpQC5uA4FMi9GthWUeglVWBF0XAI1OThItraRq35X+rhUz0lrSQ8DxMoy7kvJ4SDaeMrPaCNITE497sWe0ATU3Xd8Gjzh+r3t6+VzHoHBc01eEqKHpefJoN5AmGjCtiWpGsmUKk+WVtFVwO4JyuAa+YS7D0m0Fom87iHIxtUShaoW0nZqsjZcL9nRyPAipkNfHOstmNH2mPTwkPZ5PY/ZCHq/HtXjJE4qHZQASrUfYvYHgUbPH75MKvcT8qGU+yyHVZXSMILrxvT0EEis3Bw+ymOSIUoxhskATx5O7gJxVWqn116wUilmkMy6DIc5HzHWcjpaIkD8lgus4y1XH84F0PHoSy55WthlzhzQdJ450DqKasONYa8jaDjjqcNT4bNJqC9prPEOBMPs8qm+YyJ0eAnYQ4bAtO4yKy6kcLHapWh4PUlTay+GQG5Im+hlAtjTES8RStWDQkRDqHuQaTl5JXE3KvO8FJFLPpmq2xZHe6dwUvJmbj3Ho1k1O9xwPAckIo8sfBBDBdTjHCbIOfkwQLc3W339d7W1HfSXoc0m6LIZlkmX9fB1HR2oyQ00Icv6MvqyWu3aO3EPXRE70bczCoQ2K3a1dJwgIotEIOFvDmg4EkHy45Xy7L5QUnSzKeJTcm9wE0koRFRCUPSMUHBDiZHd62Oss1dkmw708pN0+KSdsmK0gCjTJ4lkuhHxRqxruFbKcTj4Zohwj6/KY/mr8f+yce1BTVx7HQdIARmIirBoKpbCKigUFYy2KSWAkQoi4hnXZhlHSykPAkRVFIzsiMpSwAqPGiOCTSnyMBV0bSx9KFVGqBkfHiDjiYrt1KpXtOpOdHWf2rz2/c+4rLwj6r9+EV7i/3HPzub/z+517z+/s+3suRF1ao8WQSYXr9yEuKf+8kYuw3LgBsxsABzKjgMC1z6QrdLEB3Lh5H4jM3bgeSGxcv2lNUOzeGzfrg2bWT+OTDPS7MWsM8TBx9q83wDMsF+3OQBYNhBIafCctzEAfK3Tq9egjyf0vco3Kb4jKKSBo0OhEkfhIxkJkePGnFBSd15zOhfObNhwjhmSgbEyy73twkI2n4ayjDMvXjB7Ug3wr+H/r+XW9YUHNwU3QVaVc3I1VmzJaDJmIbw7O2fQT5Fnv7IMRYe1u2hCA5CVTBTF4cjtMhZNIK+D8iIUcN3bT93HgIKfjfOu3tT8i+s7gZVn04vn4Cm+ky7ysnbfd0SC3B1KnVQSh8c5MkmTP3WE0lhQYSwzKvQhIpOUHTkcl5Twhv91WMXcPGk7A0Aw1uWPAqLcZ9MbrlaNmWWSv7U/AMbBhecmATW/sKTF8s3dUIJDeZOQrSyJW1RwkHZXdUKC3K+z6wlGzLCIYJr4D07HmIL8w2PR2u95YmkvXGGax9YP5+GYLnuxDxoRwiDN9Yyum8c/qVw0sXrXKHn3I5nWdeuT1j5e4mSinWMv3QAPFYtgdilYTyWWzR6E9w+Y+s60EAyn1QBEy4yBsuBdnSL6+lbciFMNppr8OdFSO5iES6i3qgybeJGl9uS20b7jL3BGwwxsgCxbk73gwB94s5ZLRZjZb+ky22lE9hHGUlNOf4AFIXFqAxWwymRUKBgglfFkCoohUIp1W8X4sjFeRp2y8+XIaGg1Izva86DIp9cM++h6vgczzACTVzafKR74RS84DXycgw6aukkkPfGggXNeA0QaKN7604UYCJAgBUQ6bXpn0HXv6xvQQvjSWAyQibdg0bLZ5BQSdwv9igBhMrywdXfZaLzwExiMMkAGF+ZVZ2ecCBM+8Ca2hDpOfuhZfKUj9OqUdUivJ2YIXFvTRDAvHAQTlWO6mkipTXWmQU5xWEPXrmkeGLrOpy9ylz72EjJ08RIJ7OIYG17DyVk+aOS3NXNL3SdrYHiJFae7MIJJb2fQmc6nJbPASSECADb/ZpEsGi8VseaWwe+UhEN/Jj7i+AoWpL224xD0QREQiZQ4XbvRKyKeHPKSgwLRzsXlcQNxPtnbwEIkLDVZBcx+FGm02Y8+AvvAS5SFSPp85Z7YxPuVsWHkrYMBuNNoD0nLTvPEQxrLcNpBvCzUaV3kLJKLmIPGQAZvdYOixeekhjJCH2HqgpUr3QAJC82/z3XXV7T0vtkZDiN7Z8yaLz8zHQBZKKC0k3T+EcDeaW7m7FKvjQRwA6eDTdpJR7XxnbnzQQSx3x2EgCyK42k5O6onTqHbw65n3qbyutCgtFmVpeSUGwhpVzKQ22TOJZFkLM0LRywsI3Um1aaSlH1NBXcVq9WhAJu0uJU295Lz4TDy95wXbP8iQOCnjgxoFWV9psYLJsnbOH78OQZf1eTutr1+We9TPc2pra78lKqwFIH1e2WHDQsqwthBiiKXEQbcu1mIx7eAYP6FU/gQBWaRgjZg9IuOf0Y+X7e34dQX1Zt/SewQgz3N+5OgutYl70YdYCPUhuxoaFjdQX9wW/7vdQcpb6DUlUYliEV3H9hoKRlnwDIcXpgZ70FSH/8C149mvYxgNQ1XnVlAbBjv+7SgU/4SuNmBF7dqDMbQ0Ovg1FO18iA47d2oK5yimCt8ugfpWbzW2Zh1aNH4dQn65uLRDqWC0klXeMkaZakqZ6qVY92EByp20VuaxRo2sGCu1un8ppTwfn6lLuWrBO8hb6bLjvBaH7VC0W3df7aTMlS5qQa/2c+zuo74uj2PRom5c5lYtTu+NWjqPOoJMh3f0pP5M2Dzz/ro3SHvhXpVyrZSk8GRUkE7Lf3pRAq1qmUyEHzJR3XLQ+UifeSuFtGaEFYeFFRfjZ9HREPpRHX6SkQabLf8SkZyfo1rOqloMO/jCP53dcTHep/gIZ6vlOb9Dn+sdmZNi0jl2xBiaauUY3n3h46Ommy+SBb4nC+EluJG4mt0IH6kaBfUy8ke4ldtij7LiD+hO3puPQ6SfsdNw/8zWMCehZv4et7Yohql+DNdM8PNTAZCdQuFW4Qz8lRUGSLCKi0JAm+HbkXBGJzW4pAyAfJijZZfI8LuXxFlwCqaH+fsXkzq5ahW7lTYHZVlbNsDCERzJ3uOs9kFNg62WiQKrWEsVAIH6EEoxR0QhjqsU0aXd95zW0slkpgFVaTgt4bTJ+W9VnQxmy2/xAsjsDyM9AkEjdanEwUX8ycP/SgKvuxtOp6ioo0xrBVUUkEgFoBDiL2E6gQFYpmMgQ93w/T2WSBUsazLBBcgEDCSBAXKm4cxkBCTKCYjGHZBAAoSsxfTwPxhnoiMQrdYRiMgVSHc3qefzCMSK78W7aAIseoBaxnkJiHgHRN0J/w1e52mkLr0d4MZF/Kef6nxcxEvgnfhUfIRprqhuAgGi3L5VSCHZKrzCuEhYMvKPEzmXwUdG7rBErKN5yBd0OcOxFb8kFvNOPS0ap4fEl3U+hCK8hnuje4jAGcipFb3w40S3ByAiq1scfrD0kAYq5gediHgFZH8j3Eh/Jl/n6VqWdArbaeEVqvAjnTcykpDAO6XTndrMHtJJykOUU/JJBCFhBPda6HkljBcScrRsCGF5Km+SsUTqPHsI02VN3v/04eTi5MPy/mRvPYRaaaYBqlvim+QjAgcg2jG7rJEhMU98PLu52i0QgdVNdwUXYFSDB75UqbQH5Druf1RW74CQDiuvuTfaw7Us6Q+cq32sixQnREEIOa+7nATrJlE1qVYVBWTKKoxjBnzLIn0W7reKqCDS3dR21TGMjOUh/lnxk/2LxSeaf+xOHl8MycJFkS3NK1oDx+UhuHvk8c5f6xUwy9tygJx0haHy09RZoQToZJXV6pcN6xBwdNIbIMGXyUZbMmEU+SLazdVeaQ1zxS8/K5GqS3/3l85Pk2G6edmIuCgmsLVVQMV1GsiUaOGSSCrVgjBy7hyJJZvLOo9iIr1DEEbuMGGEA0SrYT1EHEZdxTtTpk6ML+Yln7h8PAoBGXTnIaQmjXhIPNXS+P29x+ZBl9fYC13W6kE3HiKIEbAekkwtXBg11NmdDEuUlUHFoWBDqyMQ6J+5cUKlrbNWhcugZqRzBdTnCu7k1FlR0B+kOjZtnROQjzhLODQenkEDafwjS+Gwbpbr1d7U//WwndbS+6g7TnwXAekdeQoFALD01dFWXTN1llmX00CmCKcum035SHrYP54dQ0TQc3rZY/UQybaOisJ/y6Z6LisXSM4BxkOihu7uj/dPTJyMgPwhbz8K6uIkFEO01+QHNK4e0nuVdhTZEfVhKMhLBCAteTBrPB7HkGz5oKuHtD7eIKCBFJ0vS+KJERUE5OkQTupgCecN2W2OQPBiwINtq4lzqDTW32AxUoRWJOrM6f0LLBmLnCq8Kkd+jWqppsoBSHR2M1NLGP2VfJbPvJZdS5BTtFxgF8Hsbwp28ZCFn8uf0bWEoQXZbVmJD/txDeFX8hNRVKYe09ZE+bRIwwCJeH6hxWeJEGfA6S3yw+fOdT9vCAsTd+t0xwmRe7KruhV0GOEAyZbnaOgu67x8WWJ84/0/ofPgI/mzdCrt1R7IRptoHT0k8I5cF0j7yFBb9sPEM+pdKIjM6L8AVcQk7dVlD7p4SEyvvClGQICIj2W3JSV3L8WzSprkMPsbr6nd2kwfIgUEUkqNDp8XE/zqqmT/p+tKoJrIsmhERJgosRCQJCxDQMHYGJGgRMAQh2a0BZu4UNDKECIgYREhtNu0fQQUAYOKQDp22CQsKoLSJLK2grggNEQQkAMKgigDCMrBEZfTzvxfqbB47MfJzyGnkqrKrffue7/+uyFeg4rEtYrR2NjYXpRnqhI/IdJreeCkVJE4YQ4g5hdcCUtV96GW3mtbQzDcIPkM/cHKeeanIxjghRVWX3hI+PsuvUf42mnl21RS3LY3U1BBIetaAV5HIfo5zcBDoRAn8fg0IHpBQ4bWhhAR3ZFt3ReKQkTSN2nAR9bW1OirTBhrUgtiVm0+RGTXDCDptzV6dv0AARF0d2ct9BIpPrtQF5K8pNHGakDm79aYv2u3xoyHYG7h0a3TDEswUIPt7oizTY2W/NlJJVEnpalUEokK6jud4z27Aen+BgXd/zkNCDHsWa1OMwYIbdSjI1uTH/XmEwKFV68J1CLnxDBwetgp4oDka8B983p6erY35YNgeSP9Hj2jV/k5jaOJaNZ4IgL9WPoS+MYDOce3Y3nwd3MBIZib70VVqg3Wni8JKySyDesZc36k56B5G3snwbN76VwOIScmfkBd7OBqzFBp/Qi4TqNFGI0Y4/6hme0kQ8Ny8I5u52lAjoyMKHiGjiMjuiNZUUXUDnabayqkkbVCHJDM7ByUZzKWfgMLWu4YINhS9O2/sVENDJCoqBCWAg0IgOJctixWCKZc7JShAbX00m/DzVWA5NChmWbUsJUZsQ/BNdr9kmHFa3VzewyNi42ZGRm9G2Vsj+PptwH1NjXd053hEPoz9oFYohBBcu/VcfrYyj4+XOZDwxodISA5OjxwiukeMx6ycTtcEfyDBoo2wzilM3ZPn3ON3bFt0ojDKTLiqPRKTXNymlEZHdOpna+R8CWpr2tNJljGMVQgSDu+4HcDXoeDYh1BlKw7x0Ps7bXsP7SG7oE96eDPrlORDDkEhBAqiFiaNITmifbVyHJ0usewmOXJwAE5AmjEWWHNiLMagcRewhdPUlU0IlQV7EIlL1csNsn3GMMyrQvgAD0SgDUlJMznyRISRgucgBVZdihadrS0eLeAhxd4geNUIEF7eLsTetLnw8091C1tNJomSMJGjbxEC0kkb3ABDb5PtGfa22PLh5lM8lNaLs95VFxH6/WEWpxIMiYcAKUhiUuIN3jNsc25iKaFJmKULe4L4TgZcZw44AGGTOINdOyZLGdj9xjkKDzLMknYDo41XyzTIdaG0R8KnBBOrwK6IiA8KnVLCAcBByTmHZB50MNujAF2n+sh0W3Y92ypSMe62qwMkuQAlTVxBMfiB+B/tzKGlaTtK3UI88NH2IdKCZIoz0MmCQ2N9AF7jE617dzsgCAFaRc47rw+TuZ06qsG5BvpA73AkRHzGF4H8BFda4eYlIAS46LkohKHtDpQH+blCpWSOn3A6SpaxwDJFQgFvdfqhELwrLwdA3bIrbr6pDA8cZnv89On95+9wuW63Tl/XqwQCMAWAiEwQa5aWsPdeS2IFrSC1vRUFmkHJShon99Wsn3XVXvmj+VbyeTXP9H4PGeOE+AJLI/CAEnOBKaM0gejsJenPAVQ9xovLqz45v79rvHG8YrxxsaqijJhlGQUbgIfwJJVdQixWXwAZlN0JdotAKnGU4ffUxxY3lauLd6HN3vZUkVpdTSlLAeqsxPpG5s0vmuaDYiYjXGDQWnroFKX4NieNDzhssJawjto+a6d4Gj5ql13rjYpDgg5nP0C3iA/+bb0feuQmVn9gsrhqfVbHNgK1oZ9fxgV8OPTaJoCi7Vr1QJrag85UswePKKnrWs+WJoni2aYuy2aGM4T3eoobaP+XpkszGyrdBfqA3KPna5FLmDSGlAJyp2DIIjgxYvB1kcUuwq/gbsV4Yf+ZJ9b3FB4kfv4mLze7DGUroYGvgYaXyWtwSmSoDBcGPFLWxVKb+7JlfHDKeXLDqEvlh1qWPBt+JXV1U5FT4ucpo3jCj2EbmoaxuaZAouVlg6K27bcEoFTTBo/VcYepLj53wmsf7AozyS/2SQ/DM6EYkMbLq3RDWgczrnISgclucbUMvnEZZ96yhD77Z47/qHeXmXxAQB5oXqyL/9482xA1u3EG6INFeKDBPPQyjPV8lftQ9sYhPjLBvH+S62/UqkXHyJraX3EGpzIJw6H8qRm2o+LB65Xy9tfSbOoXncnJgemsgGzw3AhVNdNag85EREERq6j4T9cUVdzR8PNZyaSkqrzpJMlATfz2q4P1al4RJAxBxAQM+rcMdlrC369lFdvZjcef6ZytXx15adVNv43j7UHh56iUFosoJgjPgPIx/vUbUXRmD6y9+H6VrG2HrM85UzkfxsaPk3NWxx8+efg4J+rzLQp3C22LJJq9hfTy3ItAL6WzBdAm8w6Vvrp0NVyv8vXIwsr/T/Hv35+OeV5cOWTj/kqASe1lBMOCBHLlpfQM7P5nmgWi/TI58zEE/mT6vfjJ7tu+kRcj+lceAuxQDLpaiWnvygMDbElo+t8DEL/qIQlSESSdZL8sIuqIXfQajYg82B/faI9Vq/bmYXCemRP8Z2g76unWFQqqdqnc+I/b5PhtC/irMRdZBaHHIGjpSPDcj2oRxwdN8e8DKj8N9W45Gl8TEDK0BAfUkmmsoaO14YAEAORcUgINl8Pn05UXW1sbNSy8f/53C8D+20W2/wSXP68sOvO/caTCFKnwJXncUAwsQisFvQ2swsKougxEy/6ndvvF7wKvHF1pG9h4dkuCkWbS80axIVbMEW576FqDIvFAuMO7R2n9/suX75qZWSkn//AwMq/LdoUXOh3PSWymg4jk8czTKkJEI56chHqOi3JEEDxwp2XvLXNAp+XXyyPrEgkJ17x74qIjCjutL2lCRWKiF8DZMUGBr5K8R3uDeZT/cUEazdwWJasV+90reHvTLCjZwPiC1yEfOWqql4//65dJU5id+l/w3HUvb+WUElF2fF5FtmA22UoH3fNaUD0HlRBWHQZe+XFDEDrBAb1Zf9EiHHATlC1C7ZVtukDJ+GjsswZDjGIgzJQl6IxXQZS4+uGi2StZcttFp/26/e3gZ16R5nMHxuu/KsKobmzpZwvACF1Ru/AVuVw25PO6zG17P8+7/RA/1kb37PgI3yXN8gDHwVyWVJ2NGsWICrZRhEsrB63zMO6s+C63k39w/tW+vkvWLlg377gKTpMd0GaRfxy+r027CHM+kjr44vttE9sTdzKfN2fcvTo64uJZK1Hbn4ul7w4CB+VfBUQZ5DSqkROivFVipYDABCXTYcJ1inVhlZrUJB24Z3rakBW2XxL1pKg4ZjKRGBEGciyuBRtO5f+4TiWjzyV9evdn/gFUWgfzaKOj981wDzk/3Sdf1CSeR7HYU7E+CH24yLATUXJ0ANHjTtZKpTS0VW36dxRmVAiUzADY7Vp9S6bIulEA8lWLbPMa0IyjU5aV23ddtSyTitdo+2m7S7KNe+8OktTa27mvt/neSA17/nDx38Y5Xk9n+fz+/3klwIUneIhiGV72OqBLSJgISLvgJMASLOha0/rRF/jk3PVO4GRPNlVcH8hEOEpMdQtZbHuXN6vZjDoeCqep3qqLa+cllCLtVr1ZfVo9cbAiMaLgYuACK+IC0G6QvNjtuVDqQtGOT5j/Kmp3DSt4ZXYFCWdX6WNyWipFViVyw2E1lS7Eyaed1PKJRoqnkMiELiK7nElwaLic7VWhXwuOQ0k4YP7yIvK7+R94mqQvMa0shy9Ocw7noxMf572qROfMd1fXEZQ5eU9vFb783KPxoYlH1lRdeASr9fHI3nHOv0ESAO7tMG4oOh1ogGnFMRdQ59/5ENC8cUMxtwsuNnOW9pLQb4eeXuyJZL546S+iVZ1mpj6wnl6DTupFmTsgeyI3LVkzEJwP8VCJ1I3VbSi6KDix7AwkXfYwORrUdghs7TV95fC1oqOyTeBBff+/ANaaTwyD0hKSnjV84pwYpOh6xYyxa+0cPBUuc3ECTVVch475RsEsUPPNy5fHgMLHLC4ggBxpIAPnr3ioNGqOuD+dPbRS9rH/hyORVWC7MHKbXJqac7QlAwRwYS9LgwI1N5IHxvbnp4eNxntTwXwa2wKLklpUxEISgVB4rQqSAf/tnMfGYkiyeQFFtJwL4ntESPtcERGMm8xnllK8DyTTc6hajT4V2ZLp4xZdy11owf7DBqCLuVDgm0GNDU0w7MoOAC3fqRlS7dhwaCvztsNhIqnM6AeTuKr7m+hkossztYr8/I7VkVkRRmi4rv/KPwehPRsRNUi5sgNH9RCcD/REzEnUmSwdsJcHSftywrzFlU1+7YOGH7uML5pXQNgoBliQeOgCwgyuciEogQPzeZiuN5frrJRTFwuVKqyWJRGFbLyT0fas0RihQP8rHDvqfvJmF5+OVZ9GYORmFli1Wq4JhKfa5JM98uN5hrSy0hmpBcEEPkw6iE4HQJAorNR2Qfw1Xq78+HQI89k1XIJJAkfblrJzcZJLmUuBAvpQ/bemA/Epx4WIltnrK/9vO5sKFNaK3kZNXwJqYbfn9FnVZdle6ULaeC+ObMsZHBw6Y7hyp2IqJx31ohrGWSdNDosHmmGIDWTgH8GDyf/Mg+IPzIdKXh3da7sN37ME/ldUN2NmU5k6SZ0DqmDRlwTAXuHHrkRjVe+Bn8VA0K/swLN1uvEt5k4b+/VvfGwiCJK8PU9PNFc+Ic9sFvVCCOt+vqkfyQ3zAeCHkO15XC0sXJaQUJeVkegaLUEhQlZtnqFlH9T3cYXYAAAIABJREFUp5KTwonhugWjpH49abMCuJ5Vo600IYOoBL5FQTHLCZKXkcd6YMk6O2cseZsfqrm4rSkFO8KPX50q5lGpoRQzBVsLlVuUSrOEAIDAmgm5YdmNaviiFneD6gjSrxHWpeXIijwZ5+V8XgkFmY7sl3NMjz09V3ht1wELWb624ebXO6Ck78c99XW1Q4CA96Rz/nZOFlrM6rUDBn/fVCv+fP0HIFQ8DH09BZevzqrtnXlO51tUMyEFRFkJp6FOa0LuTFfE8os3r4hH/7XMbSH0zFIUyNijtpcTQfHjk71IVSuoFXj05q2wEt+6q+NkQUHjN9fEQ0/ufwSEee0/eD6fah5XKbjI1eGCE/jKeHgPT0cJw89eHxLXVdFQEcx5a9HHRv8ba2+PdY5PY0C4XApBoSRQJC9lE/Zjfl7DdaNiKDCBAnG3TViFj8Y4ioyacZtFQnL9RYoC/E6Z29zxnkxuSK4Wj/7bx20h2Eumvhc+ePRV21vPt+N9fDwJ/RwpNMMErltRZJ7+uxj2rh214tob5E9+/5etHwEJuJa2zWgPUtkMaKQlGonHBfWZgZcX4XLavFcGHP9yeHieD4HPVKiYwVCn1e7v/va2UTXCREXIZk4Lv+g2AB+asGf4VO653JvXryTFAL/uAkKPPYoAaRPX2Y090m5tC9IdCYueecM62T0FuyPNJ5/8UN/4zfV7TwpWnVkMJLJOrLfZOCqjSo4soQEPSyHYrCUgCqJWPnY4iGdvDtelskA6UbFo2Hoo7aBRqbZZp0M1JnCQVNoaitWm0WheyuLyH/46PWnT2AMZVM88tBDIb9OGKEZSjdFmQe1D6VRwFUYzoDJHfn59896GHcnVN0M+PLLgC3TglqHwuHhMb1Tbu1UmDnIHKJx8kDK9EiRmbw8e0F3Mbdxxr3owZPOfPlsCCK7ilOh3wSDvGED7Iev7OnABA/kBuCxzS1B0i31LwMIoCw5EFyOj53PvYg/GXlYaWlCtnTijVJg6sY3GijfrKqZezJyDpSQ4guIGQvdETKR0rLOzpahXOZKHWAhuwri7teJFla/vTMee3cMzLwrqCxBXEoLkITqa6wmSUjUce/58pqSfUJmBHCpbSShFQs88oOJnHpzST8V4rFmDJNy7FgLxi5vb0K5W91sk2C6T1cLDyyk8kMW0nGjptevCm9B8hfXFAiDEpqndPBOnxqJVoPahBTAkZjmJa3YO7qt7/74BysLOi7J86hEgRFrqcE/PecEzS38lFdokV2U0lWsUas87en3TocMzF+43wPzlr5/9aikg6DNKGe1Wg4+PQzL4LFVbDiW+d/WiKAuZIs+EREB6mJi4X9njEj2MlkaxhCyiMF6li9dfOHkRGQryqPfxGXYBod9agdUYi46+NQSJ0O7huu+kVbB72KrvaO6auTC2ynV84gp7XbMJwluCMrX8WSY28F7Cp3CoxYmJalWNWv7iwnF2ICZMvwjI9iKBpyCxXVvjWl2olJuoPB6Invra4vhSqcMlOhi+GEh2Coiy+JYSLuZCFBY51NngmvsGZztmZ33IC1u4GJAEIk3GjCyNpYDoisrRkCgkE5+fQT3AYGQr9amGmQtTa7Fxg/8PJM/g9iCikQl4ep239XhQlve8PcMPQPD+2DY0AGI/wXT5Tns+uM8SoqMeFDoKAwPZ6JRWxJkPFkKnl2KOHQCRYjy8cXH2CsCj+XDhpjc6HbvAVYpfdWQRECLxVpngEr+djq178PjTIAoXXGp/Nxd7+Ryb7X4p1yIgXivAfypol5dQXbsr/XJEVkEzd+rE7bssVvhiINgbe5pO3IVA+jMwIFw56r4Uivc39n5JJocsCQQqB6QwZV4bCPuLORBJaCjwcZUHGBs6226POSp2sVchoTJs+C4JJCBuJCjPnuWecFj5aR64glL7aBoUWV69egkLoR5A9GEeP0vcz+/xYyJqgkyvnrhPgbUaZsTVAcKYwEZM0m0VeR6Q/9F15TFNpnkYZmopW6S0rkKBpQNyWa4ph6FCpxSB0BSaMjUUMtxyOnIqImyY3QFmuip3I6IoWNhAOQuRUkQiuEgHGIRBDpFwZUDZRXRURLFkk33f7ytajv2+pH9AmvT7nvzu531+YdA8SLaXm0nvJwJ0HTRQEzl5R2Tc8txzC5R/Ri2187e2hyPRaoDQQLZAa4prSAz/A1TqqLYOCAk2WZzOgf8yxbYsVlXUvoBQKKAk7Gx3lg8UAwxR+Q2osaepObDxNCImJMRIJCLsYyFQWbJ0JM7eDgFEBUlcZDjI0eJ/Z9aYUKn43ts7C0NkTyGGaAC+/PayR57OLDnjKzv0yH1xeiLW1gc8op8xy8wEVAMoQ2U3IOaPYR58+f493+DDGuYg17VaOw2TKxDfrU7nR1cwuKfLyy/sA0joZgOZ7N1ff21pFkvpC+5z8pkYDyl9PwEexDW3wEv2eHKBKUPHuZgcNUD0lSs/kTJfFZZ0dj4kXbjoC0rQh7oaJ3WGQaIVvc7lyh4vTDLTzu0DCJcLCu+J+6lL14CFeBYdtAkvsrP700ZSFjlR3KTclE0uyJhR6r0sYQByCVc8nGKGIu+3d85qZtmFJ9kVDxTbHYT6L8BCpm8srzx2jajh7wWEsM4QBZVO9deHh9vbHAO57rHIOs9jnvEwvoeHbylqRjvgmHdXpQ5MhPiiopFAv1FYEryWjXWRz2Z9paOTpS8e+MMWV+qRe92vbDJtkamg/gUZq+8G5Ej5Iij5Dt14fwe+cFANvo3/cNI62Uelblb+um15kuGwFxC7WZDaY8kNnfZijjMp+L7v6nDrWuw4CCKwwWGaL3jNZIzyiKjPOuenZiGbAlCskwY7Z3/KJOHuFn7tcK//x8Ong48Q4KCKPsl8KuDK5vcBRFL2LxGN0CU/sMTh6IfWt1qExvcnhRbZW2SBko9zaYzZVj4pq1WPIYFwnSaoSSIW+XzKeHN7cyaZIy9MvZLUWldsY49IcGjmBUa8ZkoZjD0uC7ZrBJP8Ukm6/UaxnQUiwJFaXxJnXwKFBo7pKHuZT5mjNYo9rZNbRLNRwYKxFt917X2pYd4vdYUNnLj+7ETxki0FF2BkRJeCR5TWpFBRCtduQEwLUE1SS/jS3XyAlaT+3u7b/iYZjRxHrAqOa+yNIXZ2By22lFDGlpyIxTpz+oaFThdbS44FR949BbsQbHZuLneOpcLDEdmFO40KVoWJN18hMR0JJoN3zDV8699MrKV+sEL4pWfWn3ONW1hqLut4FDKhc2fNdyew3EeCAkeCgvL0s+X6YZH1A8B52Dsjc0OrfEXvzZtwhmFCNTHhbfey4LIX7gKBj6M4CXEkZ6zzbPHB0NbWjfCNfnhW2KIPuCuuaJvIpN7tpdECJ/PNS4OuWMBur05cqv2ByML/xJf0t8Kc2/MjPiWl4/YnjtHn1gn1t6NRigdmLDZdEhiEMzQcTB4aWqpPvfY+9fJ4EKRA10a9mAHB55tvv9gDyFQ+hMFBdwdD7tDfmq18Strd/g+3FwFkKR18ZHmjp/4htRTGkNjm5PG1/jUjNIOn0QkGR7e54ipAwjKUGfphYWFDaKIFP0NAXXii2eP4h3gPujHkMUKyVouxozogRMzRqvkEONOrJbIJRqDuK8VyXIDDlHc2ievqumDzUMvIYFsWHHKxUlSAENbzISgSRPsdAkLOQk7w6/zg2bqhiQAC3/3OoO4FByHVUQmgxlufS2jIgDeqb3YtTqcotXUA1C9JypycnN/gpP4mel/fnoe8PGsCjKQW0isRFV2KkyEuZjDZJ/bn+ItGWmwWhugIdy4gpOfdgPBm4ElQaY21huXnM6Bv20H+awVbJg6olZy02gWInc3YFrCS0GfAaSV6k50BJiRDnFPygVgnyvdCvhEN1SCXRFdhdlpImLzmI7CRbOi0uvLQdCtAV3dtwtLU8rTlKl1F+J2rPHPm3A5AzHjfQUn+7ohqgkQEXnApcpQ30T6d45LYNGRE50u0CI1QVHp77JOiGlDxu2ckBAJfNlZqKBynkLDO2CwbC82kjSIQP34A+Y9NH9ytQ3MFzhC56KdUM/WzV/0Buo8Ei1TjKQmdRo/JBDfu4YFX3mFifW9vb/0uMzjBXKhVjSkx0SpAeq++pOqZpEX4sRwfNLL5EJOggICJiSDzkRMSGoGVQMTc1MOf7dZWkU53AHKcWwmyWmmZpSlPcUjGUFHfH6L5b+75tAXEYgRlpmqAJEMN+eKtJQDL602XRNnHpmcfL2F/geKW2UJDXIjhSGWBAq50oXsxpWZqFpKdAVxW9qY4LEz+TJk5uHjnXXkXNJMLDj7J5rpuGm5HohcU67B9ImVWthjsAIRYlZZWRTRjREQZLXSIKmRCRLjFOV1Oxrq4DK1X8tIktEa16QQCiOuUcQ87f7Kgp0ciK7Ma6Va8Hdu0tdXPysqQz8oz4JW+tPWY3dNzJopZtj3G9VKtq9B76d+Lxz+KWDRZ7/DLrylAVImdBh8OYcmXyM5K5fI7kD6weEyGaj20o9eniWHHIzxeIeg+N//dPK9mvQXxF83NcFamNfeCN1N1S0+bWsPs/XUfC9HgQpq76SoUsrauKT+V6waPSiJjdvPVbikDAcRt8rq6hQwXQSWVrS1QmllkcLw/KsWCrekmbB5FKHTCUWK+x/V1SCEgNLpI+pylZiHZFsBExGXARPQz9G1jV2JXmP/0iSWRYg5bOug6HPra9Lx/BQSE3VIpnTM2dlcHBMNC11AnENn5vECZYHgaUi1Amod1aUi05flXAEAM8PiORT01C3GF++PMuv2riJBOgnnBexAx5uEKvPqTcSdDCiX2SYxCWsEjYli3bpfNaKtO3qSpaEB4hMGE186hNvo9Py9Yvgj5NePCkDyscxO5oWxz850Z0Z31YLTabCcg2tSUqzNU2HTEn+2oVjAr5qtYBj2iHgKbMJcPnkKqiIITxpdlt/8OaVlf7CTKmVqLPlV9ppZjbf4ggDMEJzWsf6y/p3FctAr+yR213BlDhu1DASLp6Uiu5U12cXERM5kyb07mWHmp4dt/FyY7nZoCLksiZQDffOazhZhmh14BJiLPQEM7SLEyfdsiVkiZXYLlVfPcu62HLV2tLY1b1ssWUMqvozogmNpqhJ6GYdNoBP5yW7nSBQpFX/JW9tcNTeVLJFr0gvIUKlV7NyDEB9XbtYk7cf1Z22IfhbIsiHUS/rVwIuREbEzjUffustvU7eCjx/vEy0p5BF9vjraBFlvrPFNQ8QTu6MHlNfxcKOdMJ2Jjz1XJFAlHEZILbPRsA6KnB2oTeMFBicloW0SamVm1YJSFqX7TWlU7n/BnKj6lXAGiyDe/fvnlt//YRbY2VT+Y48U4D35NgeyIxsLi3TuqPy4LrHYDUoSmWZ9aWs6bm9PY/7F3tkFNXWkcT2cpIQQCooCESoiShIUAWmJEAkq2wTFWBYVN2Vp0aoMdK2LKZlVeFqUJVUscHJNq0arYTVkkrnR21s5I7eDb4EjBF1zB6S5+cpDpup3ZyuwqM53Z83bvPTfkktD9sh/6DyEKOdzc/PKc55xzz/M8Ou3Jx1VV/fcu7chVVMD81Xhob6QspLKyHpAgsxF4tWrb4ye3wBzx3rBS/+WPH6Xn5MhkZRfsK08iHn3QjXBAwsgnEU4Rlow/frEzaenDew8PTR3719+1yCWDAXN/hmQaEFidiSvtPnnSNBqhGL54X/Hg2KU/5SoUcl9YwbE3hrht8hwQdLkj41Ppdri3uufBOPyQ9ZQl9Nz7ENU2GZNWv/HJtN3vqB26/LwC1k2SDh37svrub68eKzVu3fTjf7YvXDgvIzajH21MkUgWfL5g5ggqhEcJHkZOK0XEMNQJIn8gUUeymNQJKpTf4hDa8lCniJBbrW9FHEUhI+IRtD7UF0ZZSGbmHoZHIrxaVVdHhlq71Sa3SK3Gm+Kf+UjkyHs8IGEcEPHyCLhMAK8h75wqXtqLx0djNi5agwLCq9GeixPUK+TyfNMGBZzJ+14N63xEhSxwQEgElRRZphFBB2PoCms5OEXQfY3FSoeqA0RQSRd8g3b2bkT73jOA0cZKUj44NW9e6VVj5ylUKVdi62Bqh80IREnv+nF96wg87B3MjoxUsWkwWuFwp3gnEzKiUCjW9tyXw5CRGLwY4aMsJDNTlcgJjH1byEirTpbznbrwwW54bYSJdkOxVQJAYq6z+UOWLu2+iKp3x/ikwYFU3ecyxyqsd3YoIJCFd1cIAZFIMZCwTmb5sQLQHO45IAdAqOgQDggMqsTeeg2MDPlmqAN1Y7B0Yopk0zpSKZdrOBMQO83AXegWBBJVw5oIvFSV9OIiLIWic6Irpu2FYKxVxlTeSY4Bo8NFixgLQW6EUYuz5wkG4oyQydRr18uY2Cq0uRR8mxMYyJJnd6aWsnlcdj4+jYHgzxxWYCC+9jvcxRXF3pPX5RDInLu4e4ESsJCwy/2WGCapjLy98Ci0EAl9QBYIP6Ttb9c+3k9WhGMlHeu+5UAwmgGIu1QTQhQutJDISpZIVnF40tQLFFWFo6XlXFSVxQU0fvr0VdZCMqEbYVTsfDIZF8fORmQ4SAHGVrnHXajp2LyAQGJGCh9yQMIHcLFOACTWVmtDWhEYiLG8kKrjA1dDMZDYDtiwFtyELKS0tIvL8oOSlCMg0mp8xNohASC/vvbxmoOfswYhZePghmA7cO8IKaQtKJA2NnePCvj1Q/jd0Wn50dLmE5oEjV6TP2K9aiIWksl3I8SHxKHYKowDSDxWotHE6/WvaaxjAj6kis6+OSAmQKQ2q9thdwOUtQJd1lsKv2zOxEJqXW5XHmhotwn5kBh+2iUCpGPY7c5zOPLc64cCA3kT+ZP9Ej9Jh9rdbrvb7XI8GBIEorS7QgYS1cR1Wom6F90kdVUcd6LgjbOUi0QnGvZ58ke2mhgLyayk3MjZKehDnMSxy3bjkNDdBsdikajhxNcNc/PGygN2Wa5JXUAgtSPJ7V6Tx9O1VgBIM10hiwJSKjY3eO1el6U2sIV0PmDW53lApNWHlzu8jZMeh8vGANnPi/r8M4qmWrNf6gfE5ko2ea2uieR2YSDpVDRVMCAvt7F+PTp1auVzYiI3edHSAEiC19Ow+Gv9VspCKrMYHpufrxwkJgKgVMlIqJssZ/FiUf5EY2P5snwBIH9YyXwEpgGZnJj0ei2BgRScWflJYAsp7TJ7vJ6JhpHagBZiXMvW9/UHkuya8HjszRwQsmZIAtZINNXB2GlAljdPNHonumYAojxsD9lCaL8eXf/iPJPczcl9ALvElrz0Zc3eZk+enrIQyo1sPvu828n2WU45CZpOM+j1mmWNjY0ejZCF2J8IWYjL42nweASALCqYPCFgIV12r2fS4/EHwsxDzhQ+WxIYyMikp6HB42KBABOhLWTTNVS2feOKaUAcDZ5G04RlBiCz8SFAmWyflRXOelg6C4rYskypFhmUGhHPQgARxo1s3ow3PRAqFSSG/bvFeplBaUhLEAkAAT5EAIjF0ucwu0dihLqs3FwBCzGPjLhj3BZLrcAoy2gWBwZitrgtfe5kDoiEWcb9BRc7vOagvw+xOSwWhzm5j+qyfmqKPwbIccpE2KR/4S1sUj15mbhEg3OVlXciC8lkBZfgsRJv1uGVePgA9/oC5czdl5BgATeN1VeO40M4mZcAJY9y6QKTwsFMHV6/mC+FTh2JOPVOuiGUUa7wl2/OnIV3Y4FTR7Jip86OgqUZn2a8upA9LjhyGfMnxtBgdxi3c6+vJokDoPZvfJOvjQukfqpux+0cpewoKz9+9oIp/ga3vItV08TqbDfR+e4d21g58pqb25uBrM8mAZCnNUeIan53ltP3vbfADX3bxqQS3AcaQtldJ0Si+PVbKTmQdpzvZnX+e/yzcTCO7O/Bsl2G5bsPb/XXtmkaBz99ZLtC2vXbCgGQYRunf9g+o47rcLzDNLSjX18mDS/bYHxIIWl0Zd0mnv5pmyam4ZUrZOdi2k/gEa+BtQ31ARRPHuL1/Odjxcej0tT6wELP1LPf2HbxsGE6OE3en9QzD/z26Gfcv/V6g0ik1od4WnRDOBWbyzsz3nH5reiDwx5Hw387ZhLXUP2/pj5TsrdQn08tliH9nD7uZ/3/K6HkJ6T4K0kTid5pP3yYy7BXzv5uH5v2b9UuVquJYFGYcqvVWlLOiM33t69oFaPp7VbvBR2IyUqrpLykiNauwcFB7vmsQF+n57Wz0scEWrU6oGAxx/xynopIFuFdg6tnUJFIlFMC/mxook6fbCJ5TWPgK0dpCCqY4s/UkSE9ZWSiVn1qdVqaGmrDwE3mlhqdRdT2KySUSLkdbh3o6yK6PTpaVYXu2mIiXT0zMM5sy8aCma31j07RKnjvtpNSiwoMKiojs/20JR58Aq5up9XXBY9WdbQKfo1G9GYHFNzcUcK+SihzSyp5VTXZwtryFPjloginrpgW/3+UtPDU0Uu5v0xgHiLTKEOah5gkKSkfzGeVZkjQ4BmdUzug1aJ7YmsqUSWq2/TLSAjERPZYmtGXeEPEdbyzsIqZdCcl4kpZMPs7icaAma31n7E7S6Hmv3K7l5tOxjmz4Ft1PIqvl9+N95+HFJjFo9e5+Yeilwn44AkVdClhkuShRHkXnPVNKNd/9JGATbBQ/ZAi+U1eXvGk7mIdnHNt1oUn8VONc1kSBeuH+NVumRFIShhA4UNAzLKn/05HRKoIDq02vDUV31KzAI02GgiXLLHi/l9+g18UexK6ViaJuypSEIjvwr7sh3VBgEQFApJ8I4pafJ8ZCKUYZz0qdRcCkL1xfB47t0S2ojoVWal7dH5ImEUNISDKH26khw5kHjYP33xjnwHuGUH7c7WMBuoZC0mtieRbSAF7rhWjN1bhsBIncxZJbMr86ONRwhbyw+97g1lI1IfTgISZl9y6cYBdOckNGQiwkMjIl4JZCMr9vldLA0kqbs2uIbu7VaqsPXwTeT0uiIWEunSCgIA+ywhuuM+C4c0GmWx3CzaRAW3LHtZEUJ/VxgEJ6+NKnijQ5dTpfRZ17hSQMwSI8ZXbjH04Z2ch4IiottzsLQTXRgzBQgZ4VblaVaiaJ8Ok3o8IKggfBIg6PTQgKQWwx/JBJmXIPDSg2zpKeixti451ItHIQCggbJ9VhleFrgfss6IzA1nIGeJDEIxts7YQMS7+fmD2FoIMt0kV3EJaKCBJe7C9q5qYfrie12vpbiIiMwIxvP1+WmhAqD4LLZh/8ZVStkHLmMgAQEFMpIbfZVF9Vhl8W3adG8yVt0zvs17CoYCBfAgCUvfRF2iX3ewsBJa4/+P7s7cQWFnjyLm3m4JaCK46xTuZrOxzbSRMSJXIJ/K6MxiQnL9+ZQgNCBxnkU4LeBBDwqXV/2XuamCaTs84JBShFBR0CPWjtALXFkoPS5a5wgH14DCIofNySABLz1MKSLXHOYIOljFgEWKhJKdewKmYg0NlQuTjCgRopIhOg8wuiDmZ7WQ3IzI4HTGZS/Z+/D/L55Ez2b/aqLEp//76+z2/53nf93nkWLMwRYooipRy2YDQmgUBEcTNJSo8iql72BzC1qzFXRYEpMR8ZE0MGa+aXxNDvEt1qtKVGBInKKYRIW5GVqOjAkmQk9Vyv+23gmStUNegAdnuS9isa0izlCiQ1FHGN4oKIt7OgFxjzc0SIF2nNUtGaRZ3CUDisWT5Ff9ol4UHdQkEa2IICCGyVdhe/uHb9JTGIHyg0dubMo+bnd1v1O2enySok5oFKAI0C62F/9oHaRYOI3eDKIronQBh+Cxqt8FimoV81pIMWYvLWqdmrIP8+BiyCpcVB4NCOQUJgQh9OVNkNZM+VwsI8lk4FQkm2yOzNYugCNQsJiAMn8U4AbiEZi0VQ8rX5rI8Vp0YLmTI6hJDtCeFgmQhIkWB7woQ4LOQYmGfRTR1rwsPpzWL4bNYgASwZ/055YbUhK8w3rIui1xm/P9jCIaEGAVW5LoSIj8ZIJuwYgVgn4W3J6hJyQK5IUURkBuyAFlKs9AvJ5+1TAzxW2MMeecMIeZhY0gCN8ucSHIyIfDdAPIARXUkW8FUT/cKiiIsn8UChO2znDTLna1ZS8YQSrPeCUPWRTKuLeUnw0LQtVqGoC0FABI0Lf6gEyIgZU8IDHwHgBCaBa/9OKzL5T5+VG6YQDHE1RmQBZql4GPNQvuEWT5ryTwEo1G8RobwFcsy5DP4/5+4kc+3CorwFcbjcpdlyG8PoEtNvBGaKhl4EJlfbwYk3ic3R1GYrAyI+JfCVQFSGIAJEh8wgPeBvr9bqaYYcpsqZ1WfcwIk2nn64p2HAjrFZWnWIqUThssqv1m+aobsZADCf3hnWUD2fcBq4f/gANp0qlbMqDQ5yzLk4y1UGQJVBVCeiDJ2fZY3kyUh1RQmLEAWzTp6jYdWBQipWchnAYKEmnRiqFkER5g+iwYkd6FmCfKNlZl+BEGYPkvPBOQCK4bgHjYl/UPFKzBkh9vOhQxRVBrzM5cFhLkLd8MF4nujmMlpaeMtx5CPUTPC9VRpCGYlaFiv3miQOUX3kOqig7AozwRE+LfURYboxfWGrgSIZ8rLhu0N0WT5BGgWbJKRlO6j9MOCdRdpFnG5YkDOwPP8XfAIWB51WEENdzzX9bYqPFCGG8jSrCwakMLULssChhTfqbpDAKJfkiF9fRgRXxEJCN9DcKy3jogh3CUA8Tqa8ZI4rkgCwgcMMTUvz5DIdXv+MfxpXt4AbLu+X40neCefdM0y1MjIeaQ0JK4nDwYGsgDZm4pbAvyQTqyFKBEWclw/Cf3ZsoBAzfrd9BPss8RiHx+hizhYHQ440tODNYtgSNA5HgRkX66bqLGrMR5q1p6ke4RmwVJfpqKOHx6V7B51NYFdz6IB+bzLgoTL8s8P/4SLixWoO105ACQkLEu1FEN29vWhgSOiP/b+fj0CZPwPfA9F5ri6B84XVuUsAwg65eRV/+YBBqROPaOSSFRr6wWwAAAaaUlEQVSw4QmHkxPBXYwhW6NFk+g7Fx0wkHQMft8A9ROKQrxl3mHeWbW1+lqgXbR4AUiiWJIl3/gFQiC/Ix//a/rcewCV9HS5y+7dLkMd/ktK1v1BpFmnql5BkuSFVnaE+ijfm29VVlyfuSs55+SzECB7YV+WpslG8LznG9s0spaRR+bSFR6KxI784oLuhKuaE8lkkRTcAtAsWrIsqY2o8V/lbxAgxY9MrbB54/zdan1NGFen5VCLhRJ2DLG8gN0dRK8rf7EF1Wpsc7cEHuO2kh6eRgM7WlIfKWyGxpCsS4MvESBv/lOGAKkzV82ouDk6rYSnjcD9NfAFPAvJkA/h2ARwi9G+bjuaetORAoRfNn0H2FEzUsON0Ko0OoO+lJhtDW7RNaT6Kiuof5GCz+iQVfckw244SH1IrqyqcjnUSpV+hfdahQQgZxAgXRmeQLPy4p/gbGR/VY7YR+k/neiSP/JtefdlwmcFBck0tUCzMCBlvuCnTRkG39i8XZ98gs+h3TLYYBfN+XxF97+73U9cBqKVgJdLtaVAsyhACiczjkNcCi04Dyk+1vwIADJkC68e0ZXWjkSQgHC0Jh6H4bLwCXc3X9+LWLIU04YjAo/D00M9Kp2OozHQMcFgYALi6fk0Ax5+8tpwFEvWeGVHq4oLB6lrrAYJ0T8LccOk4RIMgeMsfC0Zjy9syvUVNT1BQfLw1ebvguCseI3EYNXwDBoOj1vqihYgtSDSh7iygnroV6/BDyCmDuoIyQ2mynnrNIMawVadkgBk31HYv+LS6HBDQ+7FJsL4Doj9fXyU8mAf+S2Do8QPpSPIZ9UaDeC5BgEihWreeKMxXhT9aoDc3f+wzoOvVgCBfqQzXT+NfAesN8g0RpXMtYYR1FNvWHILL0xSMeRIOaowlstG2kxZVAzhcKzGHC5jTX1HU0yMW7yvxULGEHiqjc/nKwAgLSaJhPpcQcBmAeJ1v3NYKvW8f5SIIfy6uhkV7tBkfa6lX4gbzFGAFDZ4vTw7KN1e1pi7I34P0GR+RUEUyNdlYVyJoa0tB9GQdw6QRKY1wsBSmsiyvfWx39eL9w4z16XSzfBv6XazmBHcDx0iJWvfn1FDkey00adlj/vwmkhAHojqoZW9Sh+l2Gyf77lL+qygan0YhAUBAkejiD6NHbuRakk5Q2wm3w9bhs7dA7LV4zCWFESRCzuwjSvQLBqQwpjYzs7JFxmTjKA+ZAJBvVplb6uV0NsbNFp2HhLfGVs/2tTX1cQI6r1mGNRNdmuOio4CsO0SE5BLaWmdTy9lpFBBPXMmos0EJEr1vN+kopnF0+ZwKEBypRu8BmPPnx0+/uULkVs8FK3DyYEJtQ6uN5ereW7U4jfk1YTAW4TinBXHAuTnX8XEvhnLZpxlE1ZC26s0WE8Z0hcL6vt+hUxv3/D59rGps9fyyNxQudGqEyuVu1vmqpq7EUVonxWGAPkA9iPMTd2bPduZFrMrkswNFYn9HZl8RZKx0jxyPdmd1CzY1yqLAYglJiZ2aixt71YQQ8qR7y229ZcAl9Vs1Op0qkWDOtwlLWpMHY0dO599cct6yvbOtQDbG9Hy3NTWzKGhhH9U0ZLlNfw4u30s7TxlewUzGmR7tUaHw6qluSWhXNYZEZq703UjbXYsNqVQBPzkfjW/Iur0iX6DTM8xgRfqEEc4PD24PRnqNhjnlBiG/rf9bfZGf5ojh5JC5UPz5ptmu2NaqFwIyEcbICANZZ9PtE+czbPgetY3QLFuHvPxt1WZH7XZHSXA+GKfhdYOZTYhZAjSrPj47ycmJv4a+WoLmRuODyWCKFJZ+a3dbroOkttAqkYaooKAHJfiwSzSsfa37YMWSx5fDR5A6H5Iv5V5bMSk0trt1nN61iWBA12kDfAqezA52/42bfvFXLJ2JrhTUudh0zlUVru9WQ9eCV9M/J6nAPGUSvvALV7xnDzAJ/IQFYgzEc0Oh7bf/twg4XGdXdYZX9TsXirtnJhoT5E2inwH4A0muxdE6GU1OofDYLe35XAguyTkPWY5A/JZ7NTUs9ejz95nfvJDZpvQ1m83+9sSFwLyNW6C9LR9dqq+PuPZk63QZwUr5XK5cqNNO1TRbO+fn5HMVNDrhtUlCBDPTTAhaLrSPjX1l/qnpyJ3webqHgKBQqDI78iZud5mb+n+l6TgdBGVG9ZAQAa3bfsaPLa9TAPv2HnlymsXPOlNKBcqhTdHNEV/NwLV0kSEhIRRj1pq5NGGDV5d7bOzY6NfdubjI4Z8xf/ouvKopq40DihbSMBlJCIcKB4RI1s5cZkY02hGLJ3I6Si1qRWygDUZGNAwKB7nyNipOC41EDmJoVgVU098WIQUEhZtVCQtIpaJQm0EBAIZjGxBx9I/QOfe+15IQPrCmpP7Xr783rfeb4ENetolzZRXhj5NfnNhDORGCv5d5wTEd4ESLNQpFd+cTUEFxsDs9STFSoxSTpXBoBEQN7uLH3Jm+Xm8FFQI3mmbWjG4fCmUAYvWcvPcY7IlRoEA65OJpBpwHjLhus/WIW5uHbzSgyat1lbPuoDsrUzgK2ZOpK9yC0zc4L+qfat/4GxA7uOeuor9ZMjMnpQ9q7wDIIl/sQEwSeKpJSsXlbePFpTTRhsapuNZBCAL/gOtkDSh9fI2M/sNNsi6Bbhk+729y3we3xh+9Bl3rL+cW0dLyMqiTAcYCUBQawQ9W/hAaWbbJB0P4f7kykOBzLh1E3V51Lwucn5qsyC1aDrzMaoLAULUeCjZyktWrdZQX7olBQVOPvMJq67PjqLkC865A0Ai8p2ugQsgfpeE7Cf7EYml6XTAIb9A00puEUNTTuwpkog5nFkcgs+c9bvN4+1/AkksrdwcDCytb8u9TkdJRbGw77PYEwAi5jgAeZtDlpTefP7H30p2PWO/AecMr+aku4UnyvBXrXMLdxvG/jQLkB1IZoXmKPTnWbqSZyat5X8ZSz8YrlnMZNZXRcb5RB/7cRQoEam84Z2ZHLIgFE3U6+gdmj8w8PmEyTz+RXxApGf7srBHRhF9Wcvak+VZ3KDyKvFhtPMJ320reBMjxISO++rGEyesbQMTwsmaq/GM9eIKBuMrGS2ByucD24ESQ4aGGdxqBT8OAED2HCVGT480Kq7orazfJgCJn2ynN4kz6SntsnMxUIrDLoxSrAiaoShfBwHiKNi5qdCvblP9MGXVWqoBIjUSAEAVxiEBnwW6lOSqKii2SJ4kV6UOsUxq7LxkMlVOWQGJwZ/cJXdxqfmYpgg4STQx8HwEmJyUSsFJjHkruMj8qLTECpZOvakHvkYgbO3sj8uvVsOpSLeKevjKzPH104B8isus86sr29rsU7zJKds3IUsz0jetAK7hu+HMFQUFYqz/x4JTNS1AZnE07k6R5YuGNC6/U9mhswPVNWX7MNg7eWsmbH72iL7smFeC0TgWlCXqBzIrQiOFu1T74FCwncThoRCq2Wa7+fVrSzfsYVocEpLx3yw+lcofk2lq+bWaMdiwTtMPnikDgGz5jhi2+amHWqgG0geQeDzYO6C4+qq3961N8OMA1rU0PyZWAz8dPBkBAvLw/v2jxKO3V20GGshu25XiQ2+CHCIWI0fQKNOQPYEnA3nGCCAiAFn4NT5P7ISwVwUXvrZdCPb+qfpeUNDholTY41qMYSKa2Cj1TKVEaJrBBfPejvZ2sAd5WrN5oHeds5wDFq6Ep9eLiVeHV2PVTkAImRWq4unYZrNdr4NbuQyUL8fcsJi5KPqIlNMQXVAAfUMRluoEBMms+Rsv8tRw4VQSC5a2onmI9LP3YNynRkNbE8Tl8oHDZJQAWx0HxIMAZJ6CbdWChbrekuvT3R7KayEK0lcHUIUclV+LceATLoCgYlgrG5BYqSyG4T9oTgSfLcqHUw8kr7LxABORrgMBYb3vuAU6eWAhIFGhw5U6in7BTuMkeZWEiJ7QjJiY5HQM0Yxcv/1sHlxoVZRuvuadTA9r8UqIicoGLMKxGKGTTwIiK9UoAZedI/y+8qNVVvOkddA+6HxKMo689MVxMzxGApAdRMD3bzn7zeZJ04C9Bxi/KAYffkh2I9wnuqAF4gF+ASzcXZT6glA88no5rcM8OVlqshbHB+Ax+JRhQ2tKyxpuQhbAI4j7TgQlNYriPguQnZ2K3TzzpHnQrrsV4miJIsLKAAD8PKJuETbjos4GZF6notOMSOxwNFcMfheTZyVQKe757rCzEdyvyHfoENb7HsQxb7dCARaqVPZNdAIQwhGkkWNhsAU6iORpP2QPAIQYvHVbrwIk6uzWiwtDAImLgHvVLCMVgoUcDgmsgkWzgMSIvDkAiduWM6A1a1Vs08G450Q20A0D7oSEr299kTkROVOHOGSW7269VWsGt0JbSPe1DJjlwFw8Lvvnc5RT2lTXUFdz+DSeMucQWX5/R5G+y3qWXWsW8tgljI8DUAyefgiT/PsYnGWXVTeWdZxDCFgckD87ANmpaLSatVohj/fy+jW8Q831doMIFfXya7vGykRjRAOoWYB4NDaCC4K73XQ1Ge+REfBTvaz/ZAJUHediiwo1+bgKiZgFyHeNjVpAIo9dSj8bhnOI2CaDfUlJJGAEczRyMh4xxqO9S+cTA7/8bu9W2tHCoc3dAd7bl7Ws8cqWGbPJ6AxgoSQ2BpHInwuQnp6SpFKremDP8wHlSiL8a0vEZ4v0yZoSDd/PAoSQWU+Tbib16qzqtrRuVWUGyinNnLBtcDsWHV1wpM/4iwCrnWn2EjJr4eUfepIGTEIl6+dcYQkD5a9VyOWPw4K8vE7W92nKjEZHpgMCxFllrGhUNKqtKuW2Wyzhl0hkFffbRCjln2oxxI7JxHyiBB4C0rnDccxTgMMESLyQrFMiRIIzj/f1r6VCS65PxhEYPGOcVpYLIJ3ggkIrr3Fg710VCw+dCGw2ZO/S5H2YyGgQk1yivQEbAXVfI0Nr94hCbeWpev/VIzzDACwC3HWbBSUK0Cx9RhFmQVbW6d/ZMfw51y0yJxK1X8TVec2SF8PwT/8J2XqmRb5iJiAOmRUauv/p9ac3r4W8VFdmQN/Qv739anUi3DdssBgbKgyCw65mr69DZi2c/9ehi8xtPQxGrqoEvFsf+l1y0+NdFdFrvNYewUQnfzVwYpyAjFxxOY7evnMxJy34eofqJdIjXzWP5R0vg8qjxtC1Rg7ll4NDch+853LcHtr4ZU4xI1mnQ4Awdr3KzxYBNUWJkMuyo2xGIhF3JiAeHsCSUFwZSSpOuasahICQyBINRyrHWcVGFhnkNNf9kFsb8SGgvn6+74088NU/WX1+SNjDAFIguryZEyGAeoc0LrPQ5DCQ5R5xmPs7W7i5OvR/IBpJxdxXsT5xwnADKhBocA07EkwJQBwyC4qtyjag0TNC0tIyMvyZgU3V1YnjhtZjQH80jBY0iOtw33AaEEJmwR5tuoeMgABG/BbwGfmEZe7a2jSMVY2eDPJa+20Wt0x0gOIExGXGOvBGhpSXPwBAwGGUAJDPE2u7jsvkqBVBLZXfL8KbEiAOgX6IL/4AX6F/ARo9Pp5RnAs3x662Np0TyGVS6A5GAaO3udl9Lg5BXCJU+/p2h9EP7YWAxGpEUjkmk0I1AgyuWKOUNmPHMANSh7uHl9R62F7xDz0XgcwKG+2qLRRhuJ0sEBcWaqCp7c4PmhuQ8EHth24HAy881O9ZBU78a9Mmw3A99v0+5hyxLAiIw84KDRWyX2Z0p/U80V/YmByXXrO13fAPo7ypFqp0ILgKYDGVC4cQMgtYWnfYpnjvj9PO6Flf/L+9sw1q6krjOGzBQEECg7Thpbo4gCyOUgwSQBiChRRG0EYtoV1eR6RIYF12tWQ3gF1Rs9NKSkOG4a0KSJVCqS9ZEVGbtQExLQ7FKnGo6C4UN9TWTssuzn7bc859yY0kvMz0w354fvfKB8i98eSf5znn3PM8z+FJhfvd5WWDWvWxvrZtmzf7rvDdluNoT5Cr55v99RMP0r65jYa+Ad/PtanL3lL/rbacGmMxpYZoQSy1EzxXXzxfENNZVxOfnpTB44+92+eszh/8eOtWKtSTWTUKni/I6wmyErdZxV/Onh3YSorxF6k/+PhcWT7qmJ+3rDkyK4Y83I2Q2QgaaTWEuZb88If0G7NooDWQ+0nRuXx12c3c553dSX0rKpLRjoXcld32bmjoPZCUnoYHVyEektA9Mz/dSbnsY1MQi886JWuvyWvoPRH/2wc8Dw+fEB9d+Bsz+VPvHqOe+A5Z9yHsOAvN1xvG4qfrrz5q7q3LdDEZ/IwS4eWZm1M/zVF1Ot4Lti3IS1dlFzPqp9PTTozcQEOt7rrkvrbymcHcqQ9+tNR9Yi2EU80ibET2Wh1q4onteE8k3phhvXPw+/8cvJk7WcWNP5gnyHPfyGR/H5eNnlX869RlPJFwfqsMdR+DZyYn3W2tqadip7XKzRPP1/NK6mWfjz8Y6R3jS039K9oOOk7O/Cd3soxZokIGYk+QA83V3qeakXs6UceUX1xXdMX72GextgTh+KzekdM1eXdPBux7fLr4bdSJoPboBoeNg4P9VKwDNc5iBXGlSoc4eZ0cj++Mb0gaC5x92LkL5+0IhcIrRU9+VOdv4wT52hDkcXqavv7io+JP29vJyDcZWcWZM+XOn93nCPKiDUFeGzle19BcHbPr4SzyWf6qlRs21J7Lzy5S/44bomPDQj4/1Tqe929Dlua/uVQOq7v7GXVZvnpm41YLuYwgPD1u34eunm63/pHuWp93o0XQ/rgTjbP2+m6OfK/sXK07G/BAwhgXCAP6zmGsMYiT5x8a7iDX2XJZb3J91mGBoDug/aGgmMnd8fB4YcuRyk+omLmjOc8IQm+wgZzWWj2vM+LhI/wcnn4ublL5lR4khZfIToUrV9oS5Ks/Jgbo9d1pE1QxWX0y+vi7unIuTXHksGEhnmGb4gIiOmNmt3eSJ//+KhJHgSbo76+kY9SJ75ovyK9efyfM9fpEY9p1XSXL95WVc3cquaTguCyy7Ia7ES+siFuYq2ur59X2tdRK1ReRvjnB2RuyN2bTeVV/xpVaFozLuphQbbcKg7WF7HRjFdknEEzI8vBabiepCocHWy5HyVykv7//SXBw8AauIC1OloC5mILzIzGcIF8/lyGyK0lyV2nX+qqqqmBbgqzyQn16c0Lap2RiSATBhYBJtmt5W3k5/mejDwnb56Tn8SNGE6rJc3++ypH6VMiqhCNdtCXbtiBoXHArIeFCa4w/Qww5/f35YxnkSPXfjSMXM6nCn7h1q/BO9sgwx8+PJMal4sXcP6HOMQe5YhI0h5r361JE5IKCNI+GLBq5SCxk55svMT5r9YdIkNFvkYEkFhM9gtgE0B6FXC43SowDjhxBaJ9FIqUijk9vj+HGlFKJCcn7Ffg6iaQve74gh4kgt6fRNKSYsRDWUfUYMQpJmx1BeLxvR+mJoYobJXWwh8rnH6iyJ0jJdN6rrdytfgipBbGvYPY0ZRBB/Ej1z9RuMo78ajW67vDj6bS1OJwZxzugiW9kOcnLza4UG+Vyhdx4b+HIxUCHpQjyjM9KZFKkcZAvFefrcQR36BIHaUWTQltYmG0RxOKzcMAcE1Vm2SuKZHcXfvezUn5Nq+mptWMheBsFqrgvV5CcS5ossVJlqMi6d8meILuogqmp/lxB1ldKXYZT9vboNAftCILGzV/aECRD5OBdseOQ0vvlakoQF4sieLa1ah8Sxgsv5WJBqEDGyBexBRvC5UrDtYosSdeSYnsDF7WQnWGsIpuY3B3ks4gkb1NJ6/1ihz1as/KpxFoQrs+yBPnu9WMTE7Ag15TmDrPBhiAf0YIwWAuiytIqtcqOBQRhN8TjChJcadJ0dAybh1V2BXF1owXhp/I5gkQ7RJmVFeaXoxhBqHqsvOI4tpVeVKhmpsveNVRMOeo5NqMmKpUdHWbT0gTxGBgIX9hCdj5n5bPoBNCAdXck4azPGhKH+FSYldpr1oKEcXwWG1NqnJOvYXwWEsRk0HZoOxS2LIS4rGLqwSI6h39TzrUQlRy94VPp4oJ03tnItRBToe5pitm8uCARdVfE/hxBQpqU6CsgYgVxkVImqBdYJCnGOmZK5gxCJoTZt8ugKezQarWqpQmy5Y0FBcEWwvFZLYl0iK9AEDWnC6cyE45gC5H+rPBZp1NZCWLts5h9VCS0IDgBFAmiMYhN8h6TlSAlVi6LliQgxdlKEEOhWLqmULhMQZCFyBViF1XhEgSpnpNwBIkNjdoRFdXkwbosVhFeanFinJdXXJyA+tpl6uYK17jQiiBBvjaIpQrxUl1WeOCCfQjB4rOc2MQEXgg98t2CfNYXulBclUZokqynBKGLR7ewgggY6+dnmpjUiqEVvqViqVQolZo0A1W2+pA4rssqtnJZhVIXqckk1dxr4yzhUnsVYEH49lxW39cajUalMcntCIIXgpEgeADCdHvkv63fEYT3YtwSJKrDgigoK8+k/8rH2yWzYcx+uIl+R2lBjELcRKF0fyldfOaVqKDlE4tU3H7hVQpcHbgVn62HJyacJiY24R+hCG90hL4w1D/0hKpq1DcV3IcEuVtC03ryNEMGC/o4qKO/tDS5bQDTN1VbNYy+Oj989A6Hluunu7kwyRsEZlLQdsnHwaHg9yUc0Lt2W94uQ2/I5lB7f4pwv2oKC3LBmi9b8fV/vXCrM+NZjjcloaOgaXdGExJEQlqAznmvy6B+j34cTS7FB9XEgQGjgRbEWxS7fERo3ljdSJPEKWHFEI3uSm4silWwSCQ6bJbR7AUH2NeLomksNbkUuAgWGb1KdDrdHjQ/TbICXR0dvZs9RGKbSND43YdbaIu6jsMhnU3EyDdEN1pTQ+5Q05gUiy+M5d6FfCzoV7EiHIPLKS1G/5l5teiZBtJNNCpiDy1W3/0XgE47CbRbHdBh0VJ/y6oDGMic9usRLutmtm/zy39KUO0QAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAID/f/4HwW5oodUzZjYAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Feature discretization

![Semi-supervised Classification on a Text
Dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Semi-supervised Classification on a Text Dataset

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split.html

