# sklearn.inspection.partial_dependence

`sklearn.inspection.partial_dependence(estimator, X, features, *,
response_method='auto', percentiles=0.05, 0.95, grid_resolution=100,
method='auto', kind='legacy')` [source]

    
Partial dependence of `features`.

Partial dependence of a feature (or a set of features) corresponds to the
average response of an estimator for each possible value of the feature.

Read more in the User Guide.

Warning

For `GradientBoostingClassifier` and `GradientBoostingRegressor`, the
`'recursion'` method (used by default) will not account for the `init`
predictor of the boosting process. In practice, this will produce the same
values as `'brute'` up to a constant offset in the target response, provided
that `init` is a constant estimator (which is the default). However, if `init`
is not a constant estimator, the partial dependence values are incorrect for
`'recursion'` because the offset will be sample-dependent. It is preferable to
use the `'brute'` method. Note that this only applies to
`GradientBoostingClassifier` and `GradientBoostingRegressor`, not to
`HistGradientBoostingClassifier` and `HistGradientBoostingRegressor`.

Parameters

    
`estimatorBaseEstimator`

    
A fitted estimator object implementing predict, predict_proba, or
decision_function. Multioutput-multiclass classifiers are not supported.

`X{array-like or dataframe} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
`X` is used to generate a grid of values for the target `features` (where the
partial dependence will be evaluated), and also to generate values for the
complement features when the `method` is ‘brute’.

`featuresarray-like of {int, str}`

    
The feature (e.g. `[0]`) or pair of interacting features (e.g. `[(0, 1)]`) for
which the partial dependency should be computed.

`response_method{‘auto’, ‘predict_proba’, ‘decision_function’},
default=’auto’`

    
Specifies whether to use predict_proba or decision_function as the target
response. For regressors this parameter is ignored and the response is always
the output of predict. By default, predict_proba is tried first and we revert
to decision_function if it doesn’t exist. If `method` is ‘recursion’, the
response is always the output of decision_function.

`percentilestuple of float, default=(0.05, 0.95)`

    
The lower and upper percentile used to create the extreme values for the grid.
Must be in [0, 1].

`grid_resolutionint, default=100`

    
The number of equally spaced points on the grid, for each target feature.

`method{‘auto’, ‘recursion’, ‘brute’}, default=’auto’`

    
The method used to calculate the averaged predictions:

  * `'recursion'` is only supported for some tree-based estimators (namely `GradientBoostingClassifier`, `GradientBoostingRegressor`, `HistGradientBoostingClassifier`, `HistGradientBoostingRegressor`, `DecisionTreeRegressor`, `RandomForestRegressor`, ) when `kind='average'`. This is more efficient in terms of speed. With this method, the target response of a classifier is always the decision function, not the predicted probabilities. Since the `'recursion'` method implicitely computes the average of the Individual Conditional Expectation (ICE) by design, it is not compatible with ICE and thus `kind` must be `'average'`.
  * `'brute'` is supported for any estimator, but is more computationally intensive.
  * `'auto'`: the `'recursion'` is used for estimators that support it, and `'brute'` is used otherwise.

Please see this note for differences between the `'brute'` and `'recursion'`
method.

`kind{‘legacy’, ‘average’, ‘individual’, ‘both’}, default=’legacy’`

    
Whether to return the partial dependence averaged across all the samples in
the dataset or one line per sample or both. See Returns below.

Note that the fast `method='recursion'` option is only available for
`kind='average'`. Plotting individual dependencies requires using the slower
`method='brute'` option.

New in version 0.24.

Deprecated since version 0.24: `kind='legacy'` is deprecated and will be
removed in version 1.1. `kind='average'` will be the new default. It is
intended to migrate from the ndarray output to `Bunch` output.

Returns

    
`predictionsndarray or Bunch`

    
  * `if kind='legacy', return value is ndarray of shape (n_outputs, len(values[0]), len(values[1]), …)`
    
The predictions for all the points in the grid, averaged over all samples in X
(or over the training data if `method` is ‘recursion’).

  * `if kind='individual', 'average' or 'both', return value is` `Bunch`
    
Dictionary-like object, with the following attributes.

`individualndarray of shape (n_outputs, n_instances, len(values[0]),
len(values[1]), …)`

    
The predictions for all the points in the grid for all samples in X. This is
also known as Individual Conditional Expectation (ICE)

`averagendarray of shape (n_outputs, len(values[0]), len(values[1]), …)`

    
The predictions for all the points in the grid, averaged over all samples in X
(or over the training data if `method` is ‘recursion’). Only available when
kind=’both’.

`valuesseq of 1d ndarrays`

    
The values with which the grid has been created. The generated grid is a
cartesian product of the arrays in `values`. `len(values) == len(features)`.
The size of each array `values[j]` is either `grid_resolution`, or the number
of unique values in `X[:, j]`, whichever is smaller.

`n_outputs` corresponds to the number of classes in a multi-class setting, or
to the number of tasks for multi-output regression. For classical regression
and binary classification `n_outputs==1`. `n_values_feature_j` corresponds to
the size `values[j]`.

`valuesseq of 1d ndarrays`

    
The values with which the grid has been created. The generated grid is a
cartesian product of the arrays in `values`. `len(values) == len(features)`.
The size of each array `values[j]` is either `grid_resolution`, or the number
of unique values in `X[:, j]`, whichever is smaller. Only available when
`kind="legacy"`.

See also

`plot_partial_dependence`

    
Plot Partial Dependence.

`PartialDependenceDisplay`

    
Partial Dependence visualization.

#### Examples

    
    >>> X = [[0, 0, 2], [1, 0, 0]]
    >>> y = [0, 1]
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import GradientBoostingClassifier
    >>> gb = GradientBoostingClassifier(random_state=0).fit(X, y)
    >>> partial_dependence(gb, features=[0], X=X, percentiles=(0, 1),
    ...                    grid_resolution=2) 
    (array([[-4.52...,  4.52...]]), [array([ 0.,  1.])])
    
## Examples using `sklearn.inspection.partial_dependence`

![Partial Dependence and Individual Conditional Expectation
Plots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Partial Dependence and Individual Conditional Expectation Plots

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.inspection.partial_dependence.html

