# sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN

`class sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN(eps=0.5, *, min_samples=5, metric='euclidean',
metric_params=None, algorithm='auto', leaf_size=30, p=None, n_jobs=None)`
[source]

    
Perform DBSCAN clustering from vector array or distance matrix.

DBSCAN - Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise. Finds
core samples of high density and expands clusters from them. Good for data
which contains clusters of similar density.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`epsfloat, default=0.5`

    
The maximum distance between two samples for one to be considered as in the
neighborhood of the other. This is not a maximum bound on the distances of
points within a cluster. This is the most important DBSCAN parameter to choose
appropriately for your data set and distance function.

`min_samplesint, default=5`

    
The number of samples (or total weight) in a neighborhood for a point to be
considered as a core point. This includes the point itself.

`metricstring, or callable, default=’euclidean’`

    
The metric to use when calculating distance between instances in a feature
array. If metric is a string or callable, it must be one of the options
allowed by `sklearn.metrics.pairwise_distances` for its metric parameter. If
metric is “precomputed”, X is assumed to be a distance matrix and must be
square. X may be a Glossary, in which case only “nonzero” elements may be
considered neighbors for DBSCAN.

New in version 0.17: metric precomputed to accept precomputed sparse matrix.

`metric_paramsdict, default=None`

    
Additional keyword arguments for the metric function.

New in version 0.19.

`algorithm{‘auto’, ‘ball_tree’, ‘kd_tree’, ‘brute’}, default=’auto’`

    
The algorithm to be used by the NearestNeighbors module to compute pointwise
distances and find nearest neighbors. See NearestNeighbors module
documentation for details.

`leaf_sizeint, default=30`

    
Leaf size passed to BallTree or cKDTree. This can affect the speed of the
construction and query, as well as the memory required to store the tree. The
optimal value depends on the nature of the problem.

`pfloat, default=None`

    
The power of the Minkowski metric to be used to calculate distance between
points. If None, then `p=2` (equivalent to the Euclidean distance).

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of parallel jobs to run. `None` means 1 unless in a
`joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

Attributes

    
`core_sample_indices_ndarray of shape (n_core_samples,)`

    
Indices of core samples.

`components_ndarray of shape (n_core_samples, n_features)`

    
Copy of each core sample found by training.

`labels_ndarray of shape (n_samples)`

    
Cluster labels for each point in the dataset given to fit(). Noisy samples are
given the label -1.

See also

`OPTICS`

    
A similar clustering at multiple values of eps. Our implementation is
optimized for memory usage.

#### Notes

For an example, see examples/cluster/plot_dbscan.py.

This implementation bulk-computes all neighborhood queries, which increases
the memory complexity to O(n.d) where d is the average number of neighbors,
while original DBSCAN had memory complexity O(n). It may attract a higher
memory complexity when querying these nearest neighborhoods, depending on the
`algorithm`.

One way to avoid the query complexity is to pre-compute sparse neighborhoods
in chunks using `NearestNeighbors.radius_neighbors_graph` with
`mode='distance'`, then using `metric='precomputed'` here.

Another way to reduce memory and computation time is to remove
(near-)duplicate points and use `sample_weight` instead.

`cluster.OPTICS` provides a similar clustering with lower memory usage.

#### References

Ester, M., H. P. Kriegel, J. Sander, and X. Xu, “A Density-Based Algorithm for
Discovering Clusters in Large Spatial Databases with Noise”. In: Proceedings
of the 2nd International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining,
Portland, OR, AAAI Press, pp. 226-231. 1996

Schubert, E., Sander, J., Ester, M., Kriegel, H. P., & Xu, X. (2017). DBSCAN
revisited, revisited: why and how you should (still) use DBSCAN. ACM
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS), 42(3), 19.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.cluster import DBSCAN
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> X = np.array([[1, 2], [2, 2], [2, 3],
    ...               [8, 7], [8, 8], [25, 80]])
    >>> clustering = DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2).fit(X)
    >>> clustering.labels_
    array([ 0,  0,  0,  1,  1, -1])
    >>> clustering
    DBSCAN(eps=3, min_samples=2)
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Perform DBSCAN clustering from features, or distance matrix.  
---|---  
`fit_predict`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Perform DBSCAN clustering from features or distance matrix, and return cluster labels.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`fit(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Perform DBSCAN clustering from features, or distance matrix.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features), or (n_samples,
n_samples)`

    
Training instances to cluster, or distances between instances if
`metric='precomputed'`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted
into a sparse `csr_matrix`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Weight of each sample, such that a sample with a weight of at least
`min_samples` is by itself a core sample; a sample with a negative weight may
inhibit its eps-neighbor from being core. Note that weights are absolute, and
default to 1.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present here for API consistency by convention.

Returns

    
self

`fit_predict(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Perform DBSCAN clustering from features or distance matrix, and return cluster
labels.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features), or (n_samples,
n_samples)`

    
Training instances to cluster, or distances between instances if
`metric='precomputed'`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted
into a sparse `csr_matrix`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Weight of each sample, such that a sample with a weight of at least
`min_samples` is by itself a core sample; a sample with a negative weight may
inhibit its eps-neighbor from being core. Note that weights are absolute, and
default to 1.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present here for API consistency by convention.

Returns

    
`labelsndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Cluster labels. Noisy samples are given the label -1.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN`

![Demo of DBSCAN clustering
algorithm](data:image/png;base64,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)

Demo of DBSCAN clustering algorithm

![Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy
datasets](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparing different clustering algorithms on toy datasets

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.html

