# sklearn.ensemble.RandomTreesEmbedding

`class sklearn.ensemble.RandomTreesEmbedding(n_estimators=100, *, max_depth=5,
min_samples_split=2, min_samples_leaf=1, min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0,
max_leaf_nodes=None, min_impurity_decrease=0.0, min_impurity_split=None,
sparse_output=True, n_jobs=None, random_state=None, verbose=0,
warm_start=False)` [source]

    
An ensemble of totally random trees.

An unsupervised transformation of a dataset to a high-dimensional sparse
representation. A datapoint is coded according to which leaf of each tree it
is sorted into. Using a one-hot encoding of the leaves, this leads to a binary
coding with as many ones as there are trees in the forest.

The dimensionality of the resulting representation is `n_out <= n_estimators *
max_leaf_nodes`. If `max_leaf_nodes == None`, the number of leaf nodes is at
most `n_estimators * 2 ** max_depth`.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_estimatorsint, default=100`

    
Number of trees in the forest.

Changed in version 0.22: The default value of `n_estimators` changed from 10
to 100 in 0.22.

`max_depthint, default=5`

    
The maximum depth of each tree. If None, then nodes are expanded until all
leaves are pure or until all leaves contain less than min_samples_split
samples.

`min_samples_splitint or float, default=2`

    
The minimum number of samples required to split an internal node:

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_split` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_split` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_split * n_samples)` is the minimum number of samples for each split.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_samples_leafint or float, default=1`

    
The minimum number of samples required to be at a leaf node. A split point at
any depth will only be considered if it leaves at least `min_samples_leaf`
training samples in each of the left and right branches. This may have the
effect of smoothing the model, especially in regression.

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_leaf` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_leaf` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_leaf * n_samples)` is the minimum number of samples for each node.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_weight_fraction_leaffloat, default=0.0`

    
The minimum weighted fraction of the sum total of weights (of all the input
samples) required to be at a leaf node. Samples have equal weight when
sample_weight is not provided.

`max_leaf_nodesint, default=None`

    
Grow trees with `max_leaf_nodes` in best-first fashion. Best nodes are defined
as relative reduction in impurity. If None then unlimited number of leaf
nodes.

`min_impurity_decreasefloat, default=0.0`

    
A node will be split if this split induces a decrease of the impurity greater
than or equal to this value.

The weighted impurity decrease equation is the following:

    
    N_t / N * (impurity - N_t_R / N_t * right_impurity
                        - N_t_L / N_t * left_impurity)
    
where `N` is the total number of samples, `N_t` is the number of samples at
the current node, `N_t_L` is the number of samples in the left child, and
`N_t_R` is the number of samples in the right child.

`N`, `N_t`, `N_t_R` and `N_t_L` all refer to the weighted sum, if
`sample_weight` is passed.

New in version 0.19.

`min_impurity_splitfloat, default=None`

    
Threshold for early stopping in tree growth. A node will split if its impurity
is above the threshold, otherwise it is a leaf.

Deprecated since version 0.19: `min_impurity_split` has been deprecated in
favor of `min_impurity_decrease` in 0.19. The default value of
`min_impurity_split` has changed from 1e-7 to 0 in 0.23 and it will be removed
in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25). Use `min_impurity_decrease` instead.

`sparse_outputbool, default=True`

    
Whether or not to return a sparse CSR matrix, as default behavior, or to
return a dense array compatible with dense pipeline operators.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of jobs to run in parallel. `fit`, `transform`, `decision_path` and
`apply` are all parallelized over the trees. `None` means 1 unless in a
`joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls the generation of the random `y` used to fit the trees and the draw
of the splits for each feature at the trees’ nodes. See Glossary for details.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Controls the verbosity when fitting and predicting.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to `True`, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit and add
more estimators to the ensemble, otherwise, just fit a whole new forest. See
the Glossary.

Attributes

    
`base_estimator_DecisionTreeClassifier instance`

    
The child estimator template used to create the collection of fitted sub-
estimators.

`estimators_list of DecisionTreeClassifier instances`

    
The collection of fitted sub-estimators.

`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

`n_features_int`

    
The number of features when `fit` is performed.

`n_outputs_int`

    
The number of outputs when `fit` is performed.

`one_hot_encoder_OneHotEncoder instance`

    
One-hot encoder used to create the sparse embedding.

#### References

`1`

    
P. Geurts, D. Ernst., and L. Wehenkel, “Extremely randomized trees”, Machine
Learning, 63(1), 3-42, 2006.

`2`

    
Moosmann, F. and Triggs, B. and Jurie, F. “Fast discriminative visual
codebooks using randomized clustering forests” NIPS 2007

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import RandomTreesEmbedding
    >>> X = [[0,0], [1,0], [0,1], [-1,0], [0,-1]]
    >>> random_trees = RandomTreesEmbedding(
    ...    n_estimators=5, random_state=0, max_depth=1).fit(X)
    >>> X_sparse_embedding = random_trees.transform(X)
    >>> X_sparse_embedding.toarray()
    array([[0., 1., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 1., 1., 0.],
           [0., 1., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 1., 1., 0.],
           [0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1.],
           [1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0.],
           [0., 1., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 1., 1., 0.]])
    
#### Methods

`apply`(X) | Apply trees in the forest to X, return leaf indices.  
---|---  
`decision_path`(X) | Return the decision path in the forest.  
`fit`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Fit estimator.  
`fit_transform`(X[, y, sample_weight]) | Fit estimator and transform dataset.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`transform`(X) | Transform dataset.  
`apply(X)` [source]

    
Apply trees in the forest to X, return leaf indices.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`X_leavesndarray of shape (n_samples, n_estimators)`

    
For each datapoint x in X and for each tree in the forest, return the index of
the leaf x ends up in.

`decision_path(X)` [source]

    
Return the decision path in the forest.

New in version 0.18.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`indicatorsparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_nodes)`

    
Return a node indicator matrix where non zero elements indicates that the
samples goes through the nodes. The matrix is of CSR format.

`n_nodes_ptrndarray of shape (n_estimators + 1,)`

    
The columns from indicator[n_nodes_ptr[i]:n_nodes_ptr[i+1]] gives the
indicator value for the i-th estimator.

`property feature_importances_`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

The higher, the more important the feature. The importance of a feature is
computed as the (normalized) total reduction of the criterion brought by that
feature. It is also known as the Gini importance.

Warning: impurity-based feature importances can be misleading for high
cardinality features (many unique values). See
`sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance` as an alternative.

Returns

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The values of this array sum to 1, unless all trees are single node trees
consisting of only the root node, in which case it will be an array of zeros.

`fit(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Fit estimator.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Use `dtype=np.float32` for maximum efficiency. Sparse
matrices are also supported, use sparse `csc_matrix` for maximum efficiency.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present for API consistency by convention.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, then samples are equally weighted. Splits that would
create child nodes with net zero or negative weight are ignored while
searching for a split in each node. In the case of classification, splits are
also ignored if they would result in any single class carrying a negative
weight in either child node.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`fit_transform(X, y=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Fit estimator and transform dataset.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input data used to build forests. Use `dtype=np.float32` for maximum
efficiency.

`yIgnored`

    
Not used, present for API consistency by convention.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, then samples are equally weighted. Splits that would
create child nodes with net zero or negative weight are ignored while
searching for a split in each node. In the case of classification, splits are
also ignored if they would result in any single class carrying a negative
weight in either child node.

Returns

    
`X_transformedsparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_out)`

    
Transformed dataset.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`transform(X)` [source]

    
Transform dataset.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Input data to be transformed. Use `dtype=np.float32` for maximum efficiency.
Sparse matrices are also supported, use sparse `csr_matrix` for maximum
efficiency.

Returns

    
`X_transformedsparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_out)`

    
Transformed dataset.

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.RandomTreesEmbedding`

![Hashing feature transformation using Totally Random
Trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Hashing feature transformation using Totally Random Trees

![Feature transformations with ensembles of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature transformations with ensembles of trees

![Manifold learning on handwritten digits: Locally Linear Embedding,
Isomap...](data:image/png;base64,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)

Manifold learning on handwritten digits: Locally Linear Embedding, Isomap…

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.RandomTreesEmbedding.html

