# sklearn.ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor

`class sklearn.ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor(n_estimators=100, *,
criterion='mse', max_depth=None, min_samples_split=2, min_samples_leaf=1,
min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0, max_features='auto', max_leaf_nodes=None,
min_impurity_decrease=0.0, min_impurity_split=None, bootstrap=False,
oob_score=False, n_jobs=None, random_state=None, verbose=0, warm_start=False,
ccp_alpha=0.0, max_samples=None)` [source]

    
An extra-trees regressor.

This class implements a meta estimator that fits a number of randomized
decision trees (a.k.a. extra-trees) on various sub-samples of the dataset and
uses averaging to improve the predictive accuracy and control over-fitting.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_estimatorsint, default=100`

    
The number of trees in the forest.

Changed in version 0.22: The default value of `n_estimators` changed from 10
to 100 in 0.22.

`criterion{“mse”, “mae”}, default=”mse”`

    
The function to measure the quality of a split. Supported criteria are “mse”
for the mean squared error, which is equal to variance reduction as feature
selection criterion, and “mae” for the mean absolute error.

New in version 0.18: Mean Absolute Error (MAE) criterion.

`max_depthint, default=None`

    
The maximum depth of the tree. If None, then nodes are expanded until all
leaves are pure or until all leaves contain less than min_samples_split
samples.

`min_samples_splitint or float, default=2`

    
The minimum number of samples required to split an internal node:

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_split` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_split` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_split * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each split.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_samples_leafint or float, default=1`

    
The minimum number of samples required to be at a leaf node. A split point at
any depth will only be considered if it leaves at least `min_samples_leaf`
training samples in each of the left and right branches. This may have the
effect of smoothing the model, especially in regression.

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_leaf` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_leaf` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_leaf * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each node.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_weight_fraction_leaffloat, default=0.0`

    
The minimum weighted fraction of the sum total of weights (of all the input
samples) required to be at a leaf node. Samples have equal weight when
sample_weight is not provided.

`max_features{“auto”, “sqrt”, “log2”}, int or float, default=”auto”`

    
The number of features to consider when looking for the best split:

  * If int, then consider `max_features` features at each split.
  * If float, then `max_features` is a fraction and `round(max_features * n_features)` features are considered at each split.
  * If “auto”, then `max_features=n_features`.
  * If “sqrt”, then `max_features=sqrt(n_features)`.
  * If “log2”, then `max_features=log2(n_features)`.
  * If None, then `max_features=n_features`.

Note: the search for a split does not stop until at least one valid partition
of the node samples is found, even if it requires to effectively inspect more
than `max_features` features.

`max_leaf_nodesint, default=None`

    
Grow trees with `max_leaf_nodes` in best-first fashion. Best nodes are defined
as relative reduction in impurity. If None then unlimited number of leaf
nodes.

`min_impurity_decreasefloat, default=0.0`

    
A node will be split if this split induces a decrease of the impurity greater
than or equal to this value.

The weighted impurity decrease equation is the following:

    
    N_t / N * (impurity - N_t_R / N_t * right_impurity
                        - N_t_L / N_t * left_impurity)
    
where `N` is the total number of samples, `N_t` is the number of samples at
the current node, `N_t_L` is the number of samples in the left child, and
`N_t_R` is the number of samples in the right child.

`N`, `N_t`, `N_t_R` and `N_t_L` all refer to the weighted sum, if
`sample_weight` is passed.

New in version 0.19.

`min_impurity_splitfloat, default=None`

    
Threshold for early stopping in tree growth. A node will split if its impurity
is above the threshold, otherwise it is a leaf.

Deprecated since version 0.19: `min_impurity_split` has been deprecated in
favor of `min_impurity_decrease` in 0.19. The default value of
`min_impurity_split` has changed from 1e-7 to 0 in 0.23 and it will be removed
in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25). Use `min_impurity_decrease` instead.

`bootstrapbool, default=False`

    
Whether bootstrap samples are used when building trees. If False, the whole
dataset is used to build each tree.

`oob_scorebool, default=False`

    
Whether to use out-of-bag samples to estimate the R^2 on unseen data.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
The number of jobs to run in parallel. `fit`, `predict`, `decision_path` and
`apply` are all parallelized over the trees. `None` means 1 unless in a
`joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls 3 sources of randomness:

  * the bootstrapping of the samples used when building trees (if `bootstrap=True`)
  * the sampling of the features to consider when looking for the best split at each node (if `max_features < n_features`)
  * the draw of the splits for each of the `max_features`

See Glossary for details.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Controls the verbosity when fitting and predicting.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to `True`, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit and add
more estimators to the ensemble, otherwise, just fit a whole new forest. See
the Glossary.

`ccp_alphanon-negative float, default=0.0`

    
Complexity parameter used for Minimal Cost-Complexity Pruning. The subtree
with the largest cost complexity that is smaller than `ccp_alpha` will be
chosen. By default, no pruning is performed. See Minimal Cost-Complexity
Pruning for details.

New in version 0.22.

`max_samplesint or float, default=None`

    
If bootstrap is True, the number of samples to draw from X to train each base
estimator.

  * If None (default), then draw `X.shape[0]` samples.
  * If int, then draw `max_samples` samples.
  * If float, then draw `max_samples * X.shape[0]` samples. Thus, `max_samples` should be in the interval `(0, 1)`.

New in version 0.22.

Attributes

    
`base_estimator_ExtraTreeRegressor`

    
The child estimator template used to create the collection of fitted sub-
estimators.

`estimators_list of DecisionTreeRegressor`

    
The collection of fitted sub-estimators.

`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

`n_features_int`

    
The number of features.

`n_outputs_int`

    
The number of outputs.

`oob_score_float`

    
Score of the training dataset obtained using an out-of-bag estimate. This
attribute exists only when `oob_score` is True.

`oob_prediction_ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Prediction computed with out-of-bag estimate on the training set. This
attribute exists only when `oob_score` is True.

See also

`sklearn.tree.ExtraTreeRegressor`

    
Base estimator for this ensemble.

`RandomForestRegressor`

    
Ensemble regressor using trees with optimal splits.

#### Notes

The default values for the parameters controlling the size of the trees (e.g.
`max_depth`, `min_samples_leaf`, etc.) lead to fully grown and unpruned trees
which can potentially be very large on some data sets. To reduce memory
consumption, the complexity and size of the trees should be controlled by
setting those parameter values.

#### References

`1`

    
P. Geurts, D. Ernst., and L. Wehenkel, “Extremely randomized trees”, Machine
Learning, 63(1), 3-42, 2006.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_diabetes
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import ExtraTreesRegressor
    >>> X, y = load_diabetes(return_X_y=True)
    >>> X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(
    ...     X, y, random_state=0)
    >>> reg = ExtraTreesRegressor(n_estimators=100, random_state=0).fit(
    ...    X_train, y_train)
    >>> reg.score(X_test, y_test)
    0.2708...
    
#### Methods

`apply`(X) | Apply trees in the forest to X, return leaf indices.  
---|---  
`decision_path`(X) | Return the decision path in the forest.  
`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Build a forest of trees from the training set (X, y).  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict regression target for X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`apply(X)` [source]

    
Apply trees in the forest to X, return leaf indices.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`X_leavesndarray of shape (n_samples, n_estimators)`

    
For each datapoint x in X and for each tree in the forest, return the index of
the leaf x ends up in.

`decision_path(X)` [source]

    
Return the decision path in the forest.

New in version 0.18.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`indicatorsparse matrix of shape (n_samples, n_nodes)`

    
Return a node indicator matrix where non zero elements indicates that the
samples goes through the nodes. The matrix is of CSR format.

`n_nodes_ptrndarray of shape (n_estimators + 1,)`

    
The columns from indicator[n_nodes_ptr[i]:n_nodes_ptr[i+1]] gives the
indicator value for the i-th estimator.

`property feature_importances_`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

The higher, the more important the feature. The importance of a feature is
computed as the (normalized) total reduction of the criterion brought by that
feature. It is also known as the Gini importance.

Warning: impurity-based feature importances can be misleading for high
cardinality features (many unique values). See
`sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance` as an alternative.

Returns

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The values of this array sum to 1, unless all trees are single node trees
consisting of only the root node, in which case it will be an array of zeros.

`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Build a forest of trees from the training set (X, y).

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The training input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csc_matrix`.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
The target values (class labels in classification, real numbers in
regression).

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, then samples are equally weighted. Splits that would
create child nodes with net zero or negative weight are ignored while
searching for a split in each node. In the case of classification, splits are
also ignored if they would result in any single class carrying a negative
weight in either child node.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict regression target for X.

The predicted regression target of an input sample is computed as the mean
predicted regression targets of the trees in the forest.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted into
a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`yndarray of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
The predicted values.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.

The coefficient \\(R^2\\) is defined as \\((1 - \frac{u}{v})\\), where \\(u\\)
is the residual sum of squares `((y_true - y_pred) ** 2).sum()` and \\(v\\) is
the total sum of squares `((y_true - y_true.mean()) ** 2).sum()`. The best
possible score is 1.0 and it can be negative (because the model can be
arbitrarily worse). A constant model that always predicts the expected value
of `y`, disregarding the input features, would get a \\(R^2\\) score of 0.0.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples. For some estimators this may be a precomputed kernel matrix or a
list of generic objects instead with shape `(n_samples, n_samples_fitted)`,
where `n_samples_fitted` is the number of samples used in the fitting for the
estimator.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True values for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
\\(R^2\\) of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

#### Notes

The \\(R^2\\) score used when calling `score` on a regressor uses
`multioutput='uniform_average'` from version 0.23 to keep consistent with
default value of `r2_score`. This influences the `score` method of all the
multioutput regressors (except for `MultiOutputRegressor`).

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor`

![Face completion with a multi-output
estimators](data:image/png;base64,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)

Face completion with a multi-output estimators

![Imputing missing values with variants of
IterativeImputer](data:image/png;base64,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)

Imputing missing values with variants of IterativeImputer

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.ExtraTreesRegressor.html

