# sklearn.linear_model.SGDRegressor

`class sklearn.linear_model.SGDRegressor(loss='squared_loss', *, penalty='l2',
alpha=0.0001, l1_ratio=0.15, fit_intercept=True, max_iter=1000, tol=0.001,
shuffle=True, verbose=0, epsilon=0.1, random_state=None,
learning_rate='invscaling', eta0=0.01, power_t=0.25, early_stopping=False,
validation_fraction=0.1, n_iter_no_change=5, warm_start=False, average=False)`
[source]

    
Linear model fitted by minimizing a regularized empirical loss with SGD

SGD stands for Stochastic Gradient Descent: the gradient of the loss is
estimated each sample at a time and the model is updated along the way with a
decreasing strength schedule (aka learning rate).

The regularizer is a penalty added to the loss function that shrinks model
parameters towards the zero vector using either the squared euclidean norm L2
or the absolute norm L1 or a combination of both (Elastic Net). If the
parameter update crosses the 0.0 value because of the regularizer, the update
is truncated to 0.0 to allow for learning sparse models and achieve online
feature selection.

This implementation works with data represented as dense numpy arrays of
floating point values for the features.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`lossstr, default=’squared_loss’`

    
The loss function to be used. The possible values are ‘squared_loss’, ‘huber’,
‘epsilon_insensitive’, or ‘squared_epsilon_insensitive’

The ‘squared_loss’ refers to the ordinary least squares fit. ‘huber’ modifies
‘squared_loss’ to focus less on getting outliers correct by switching from
squared to linear loss past a distance of epsilon. ‘epsilon_insensitive’
ignores errors less than epsilon and is linear past that; this is the loss
function used in SVR. ‘squared_epsilon_insensitive’ is the same but becomes
squared loss past a tolerance of epsilon.

More details about the losses formulas can be found in the User Guide.

`penalty{‘l2’, ‘l1’, ‘elasticnet’}, default=’l2’`

    
The penalty (aka regularization term) to be used. Defaults to ‘l2’ which is
the standard regularizer for linear SVM models. ‘l1’ and ‘elasticnet’ might
bring sparsity to the model (feature selection) not achievable with ‘l2’.

`alphafloat, default=0.0001`

    
Constant that multiplies the regularization term. The higher the value, the
stronger the regularization. Also used to compute the learning rate when set
to `learning_rate` is set to ‘optimal’.

`l1_ratiofloat, default=0.15`

    
The Elastic Net mixing parameter, with 0 <= l1_ratio <= 1. l1_ratio=0
corresponds to L2 penalty, l1_ratio=1 to L1. Only used if `penalty` is
‘elasticnet’.

`fit_interceptbool, default=True`

    
Whether the intercept should be estimated or not. If False, the data is
assumed to be already centered.

`max_iterint, default=1000`

    
The maximum number of passes over the training data (aka epochs). It only
impacts the behavior in the `fit` method, and not the `partial_fit` method.

New in version 0.19.

`tolfloat, default=1e-3`

    
The stopping criterion. If it is not None, training will stop when (loss >
best_loss - tol) for `n_iter_no_change` consecutive epochs.

New in version 0.19.

`shufflebool, default=True`

    
Whether or not the training data should be shuffled after each epoch.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
The verbosity level.

`epsilonfloat, default=0.1`

    
Epsilon in the epsilon-insensitive loss functions; only if `loss` is ‘huber’,
‘epsilon_insensitive’, or ‘squared_epsilon_insensitive’. For ‘huber’,
determines the threshold at which it becomes less important to get the
prediction exactly right. For epsilon-insensitive, any differences between the
current prediction and the correct label are ignored if they are less than
this threshold.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance, default=None`

    
Used for shuffling the data, when `shuffle` is set to `True`. Pass an int for
reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

`learning_ratestring, default=’invscaling’`

    
The learning rate schedule:

  * ‘constant’: `eta = eta0`
  * ‘optimal’: `eta = 1.0 / (alpha * (t + t0))` where t0 is chosen by a heuristic proposed by Leon Bottou.
  * ‘invscaling’: `eta = eta0 / pow(t, power_t)`
  * ‘adaptive’: eta = eta0, as long as the training keeps decreasing. Each time n_iter_no_change consecutive epochs fail to decrease the training loss by tol or fail to increase validation score by tol if early_stopping is True, the current learning rate is divided by 5.
New in version 0.20: Added ‘adaptive’ option

`eta0double, default=0.01`

    
The initial learning rate for the ‘constant’, ‘invscaling’ or ‘adaptive’
schedules. The default value is 0.01.

`power_tdouble, default=0.25`

    
The exponent for inverse scaling learning rate.

`early_stoppingbool, default=False`

    
Whether to use early stopping to terminate training when validation score is
not improving. If set to True, it will automatically set aside a fraction of
training data as validation and terminate training when validation score
returned by the `score` method is not improving by at least `tol` for
`n_iter_no_change` consecutive epochs.

New in version 0.20: Added ‘early_stopping’ option

`validation_fractionfloat, default=0.1`

    
The proportion of training data to set aside as validation set for early
stopping. Must be between 0 and 1. Only used if `early_stopping` is True.

New in version 0.20: Added ‘validation_fraction’ option

`n_iter_no_changeint, default=5`

    
Number of iterations with no improvement to wait before early stopping.

New in version 0.20: Added ‘n_iter_no_change’ option

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to True, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit as
initialization, otherwise, just erase the previous solution. See the Glossary.

Repeatedly calling fit or partial_fit when warm_start is True can result in a
different solution than when calling fit a single time because of the way the
data is shuffled. If a dynamic learning rate is used, the learning rate is
adapted depending on the number of samples already seen. Calling `fit` resets
this counter, while `partial_fit` will result in increasing the existing
counter.

`averagebool or int, default=False`

    
When set to True, computes the averaged SGD weights accross all updates and
stores the result in the `coef_` attribute. If set to an int greater than 1,
averaging will begin once the total number of samples seen reaches `average`.
So `average=10` will begin averaging after seeing 10 samples.

Attributes

    
`coef_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
Weights assigned to the features.

`intercept_ndarray of shape (1,)`

    
The intercept term.

`average_coef_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
Averaged weights assigned to the features. Only available if `average=True`.

Deprecated since version 0.23: Attribute `average_coef_` was deprecated in
version 0.23 and will be removed in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25).

`average_intercept_ndarray of shape (1,)`

    
The averaged intercept term. Only available if `average=True`.

Deprecated since version 0.23: Attribute `average_intercept_` was deprecated
in version 0.23 and will be removed in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25).

`n_iter_int`

    
The actual number of iterations before reaching the stopping criterion.

`t_int`

    
Number of weight updates performed during training. Same as `(n_iter_ *
n_samples)`.

See also

`Ridge, ElasticNet, Lasso,` `sklearn.svm.SVR`

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import SGDRegressor
    >>> from sklearn.pipeline import make_pipeline
    >>> from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler
    >>> n_samples, n_features = 10, 5
    >>> rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
    >>> y = rng.randn(n_samples)
    >>> X = rng.randn(n_samples, n_features)
    >>> # Always scale the input. The most convenient way is to use a pipeline.
    >>> reg = make_pipeline(StandardScaler(),
    ...                     SGDRegressor(max_iter=1000, tol=1e-3))
    >>> reg.fit(X, y)
    Pipeline(steps=[('standardscaler', StandardScaler()),
                    ('sgdregressor', SGDRegressor())])
    
#### Methods

`densify`() | Convert coefficient matrix to dense array format.  
---|---  
`fit`(X, y[, coef_init, intercept_init, …]) | Fit linear model with Stochastic Gradient Descent.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`partial_fit`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Perform one epoch of stochastic gradient descent on given samples.  
`predict`(X) | Predict using the linear model  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.  
`set_params`(**kwargs) | Set and validate the parameters of estimator.  
`sparsify`() | Convert coefficient matrix to sparse format.  
`densify()` [source]

    
Convert coefficient matrix to dense array format.

Converts the `coef_` member (back) to a numpy.ndarray. This is the default
format of `coef_` and is required for fitting, so calling this method is only
required on models that have previously been sparsified; otherwise, it is a
no-op.

Returns

    
self

    
Fitted estimator.

`fit(X, y, coef_init=None, intercept_init=None, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Fit linear model with Stochastic Gradient Descent.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix}, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Training data

`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target values

`coef_initndarray of shape (n_features,), default=None`

    
The initial coefficients to warm-start the optimization.

`intercept_initndarray of shape (1,), default=None`

    
The initial intercept to warm-start the optimization.

`sample_weightarray-like, shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Weights applied to individual samples (1. for unweighted).

Returns

    
`selfreturns an instance of self.`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`partial_fit(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Perform one epoch of stochastic gradient descent on given samples.

Internally, this method uses `max_iter = 1`. Therefore, it is not guaranteed
that a minimum of the cost function is reached after calling it once. Matters
such as objective convergence and early stopping should be handled by the
user.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix}, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Subset of training data

`ynumpy array of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Subset of target values

`sample_weightarray-like, shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Weights applied to individual samples. If not provided, uniform weights are
assumed.

Returns

    
`selfreturns an instance of self.`

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict using the linear model

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix}, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

Returns

    
ndarray of shape (n_samples,)

    
Predicted target values per element in X.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.

The coefficient \\(R^2\\) is defined as \\((1 - \frac{u}{v})\\), where \\(u\\)
is the residual sum of squares `((y_true - y_pred) ** 2).sum()` and \\(v\\) is
the total sum of squares `((y_true - y_true.mean()) ** 2).sum()`. The best
possible score is 1.0 and it can be negative (because the model can be
arbitrarily worse). A constant model that always predicts the expected value
of `y`, disregarding the input features, would get a \\(R^2\\) score of 0.0.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples. For some estimators this may be a precomputed kernel matrix or a
list of generic objects instead with shape `(n_samples, n_samples_fitted)`,
where `n_samples_fitted` is the number of samples used in the fitting for the
estimator.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True values for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
\\(R^2\\) of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

#### Notes

The \\(R^2\\) score used when calling `score` on a regressor uses
`multioutput='uniform_average'` from version 0.23 to keep consistent with
default value of `r2_score`. This influences the `score` method of all the
multioutput regressors (except for `MultiOutputRegressor`).

`set_params(**kwargs)` [source]

    
Set and validate the parameters of estimator.

Parameters

    
`**kwargsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Estimator instance.

`sparsify()` [source]

    
Convert coefficient matrix to sparse format.

Converts the `coef_` member to a scipy.sparse matrix, which for L1-regularized
models can be much more memory- and storage-efficient than the usual
numpy.ndarray representation.

The `intercept_` member is not converted.

Returns

    
self

    
Fitted estimator.

#### Notes

For non-sparse models, i.e. when there are not many zeros in `coef_`, this may
actually increase memory usage, so use this method with care. A rule of thumb
is that the number of zero elements, which can be computed with `(coef_ ==
0).sum()`, must be more than 50% for this to provide significant benefits.

After calling this method, further fitting with the partial_fit method (if
any) will not work until you call densify.

## Examples using `sklearn.linear_model.SGDRegressor`

![Prediction
Latency](data:image/png;base64,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)

Prediction Latency

![SGD:
Penalties](data:image/png;base64,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)

SGD: Penalties

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.linear_model.SGDRegressor.html

