# sklearn.datasets.make_classification

`sklearn.datasets.make_classification(n_samples=100, n_features=20, *,
n_informative=2, n_redundant=2, n_repeated=0, n_classes=2,
n_clusters_per_class=2, weights=None, flip_y=0.01, class_sep=1.0,
hypercube=True, shift=0.0, scale=1.0, shuffle=True, random_state=None)`
[source]

    
Generate a random n-class classification problem.

This initially creates clusters of points normally distributed (std=1) about
vertices of an `n_informative`-dimensional hypercube with sides of length
`2*class_sep` and assigns an equal number of clusters to each class. It
introduces interdependence between these features and adds various types of
further noise to the data.

Without shuffling, `X` horizontally stacks features in the following order:
the primary `n_informative` features, followed by `n_redundant` linear
combinations of the informative features, followed by `n_repeated` duplicates,
drawn randomly with replacement from the informative and redundant features.
The remaining features are filled with random noise. Thus, without shuffling,
all useful features are contained in the columns `X[:, :n_informative +
n_redundant + n_repeated]`.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_samplesint, default=100`

    
The number of samples.

`n_featuresint, default=20`

    
The total number of features. These comprise `n_informative` informative
features, `n_redundant` redundant features, `n_repeated` duplicated features
and `n_features-n_informative-n_redundant-n_repeated` useless features drawn
at random.

`n_informativeint, default=2`

    
The number of informative features. Each class is composed of a number of
gaussian clusters each located around the vertices of a hypercube in a
subspace of dimension `n_informative`. For each cluster, informative features
are drawn independently from N(0, 1) and then randomly linearly combined
within each cluster in order to add covariance. The clusters are then placed
on the vertices of the hypercube.

`n_redundantint, default=2`

    
The number of redundant features. These features are generated as random
linear combinations of the informative features.

`n_repeatedint, default=0`

    
The number of duplicated features, drawn randomly from the informative and the
redundant features.

`n_classesint, default=2`

    
The number of classes (or labels) of the classification problem.

`n_clusters_per_classint, default=2`

    
The number of clusters per class.

`weightsarray-like of shape (n_classes,) or (n_classes - 1,), default=None`

    
The proportions of samples assigned to each class. If None, then classes are
balanced. Note that if `len(weights) == n_classes - 1`, then the last class
weight is automatically inferred. More than `n_samples` samples may be
returned if the sum of `weights` exceeds 1. Note that the actual class
proportions will not exactly match `weights` when `flip_y` isn’t 0.

`flip_yfloat, default=0.01`

    
The fraction of samples whose class is assigned randomly. Larger values
introduce noise in the labels and make the classification task harder. Note
that the default setting flip_y > 0 might lead to less than `n_classes` in y
in some cases.

`class_sepfloat, default=1.0`

    
The factor multiplying the hypercube size. Larger values spread out the
clusters/classes and make the classification task easier.

`hypercubebool, default=True`

    
If True, the clusters are put on the vertices of a hypercube. If False, the
clusters are put on the vertices of a random polytope.

`shiftfloat, ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None, default=0.0`

    
Shift features by the specified value. If None, then features are shifted by a
random value drawn in [-class_sep, class_sep].

`scalefloat, ndarray of shape (n_features,) or None, default=1.0`

    
Multiply features by the specified value. If None, then features are scaled by
a random value drawn in [1, 100]. Note that scaling happens after shifting.

`shufflebool, default=True`

    
Shuffle the samples and the features.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Determines random number generation for dataset creation. Pass an int for
reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

Returns

    
`Xndarray of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The generated samples.

`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The integer labels for class membership of each sample.

See also

`make_blobs`

    
Simplified variant.

`make_multilabel_classification`

    
Unrelated generator for multilabel tasks.

#### Notes

The algorithm is adapted from Guyon [1] and was designed to generate the
“Madelon” dataset.

#### References

`1`

    
I. Guyon, “Design of experiments for the NIPS 2003 variable selection
benchmark”, 2003.

## Examples using `sklearn.datasets.make_classification`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.24](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.24

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Comparison of Calibration of
Classifiers](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of Calibration of Classifiers

![Probability Calibration
curves](data:image/png;base64,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)

Probability Calibration curves

![Classifier
comparison](data:image/png;base64,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)

Classifier comparison

![Plot randomly generated classification
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot randomly generated classification dataset

![Feature importances with forests of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature importances with forests of trees

![OOB Errors for Random
Forests](data:image/png;base64,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)

OOB Errors for Random Forests

![Feature transformations with ensembles of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature transformations with ensembles of trees

![Pipeline Anova
SVM](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pipeline Anova SVM

![Recursive feature elimination with cross-
validation](data:image/png;base64,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)

Recursive feature elimination with cross-validation

![Detection error tradeoff \(DET\)
curve](data:image/png;base64,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)

Detection error tradeoff (DET) curve

![Successive Halving
Iterations](data:image/png;base64,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)

Successive Halving Iterations

![Comparison between grid search and successive
halving](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison between grid search and successive halving

![Neighborhood Components Analysis
Illustration](data:image/png;base64,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)

Neighborhood Components Analysis Illustration

![Varying regularization in Multi-layer
Perceptron](data:image/png;base64,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)

Varying regularization in Multi-layer Perceptron

![Feature
discretization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature discretization

![Scaling the regularization parameter for
SVCs](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///++vr7q6ur19fX09PTZ2dnMzMzu7u66urq1tbW2trb+///39/fz8/P29vbc3Nz9/f37+/zDw8P//v7v7++kpKScnZz/uWLy8vLf39+qqqrFxcW5ubnBwcGmpqaXl5fw8PCpqan/58mxsbFP////wHTY2Ni7u7v/r07w//+0tLTIyMjs7Ozp6eno6OhS///r6+uZmZnn5+eUlJSfn5/Ly8u9vb3X19dRUaizs7NNTabV1dX/3bP5+fj6+vri4uL39/tUVatL//+RkZHR//9d///Ozs6Kior6/////fqNjY3/qkP/7ddrarVKSqT3///b2u3n////slRmZLJX//+Q///o065D///IyOSsq9bl5eWtra11dLnj4+P/yor/+fLgtW+U///X1uvS0umsrKyFhYWAgID/8N6vr6/09Pr/9em2//9iYrH/tVqgoKDe3u9i///Pz8+6ut3v7/eFhcL/vm6u//+1tdpZWaxFRKLs///F////+/bR0dH/9+7/xoH/4Ln/pz2Skslp///z58n/rUj3wHTAwODm5vNeXq//zpF1////6s//xHvh4eHj4/Hs6/WLisX/5cb0//+n//9/fr/ruWPp6PTOzeb/1aGop9N6//+A//+i///Q0NDi///9///L///W//++//9w//96ebz/8+Sdn8/c////2Kf/47+a////u2jT09Orq6uioqKZmcyK//+Ojsako9Hy8flwcbh5eXl1dXUb0uqvr9f/263/0po+Pp9UTKUu4/T/0JXi3LPvwXRgmM1xcXHN2+0cUarV3LPu3bJZaLZe+fkomcus7vbM5PRswYvvrUhngcFI4eUQabUMrdfJ3LP39PG/3LO2r9ehut2F9PkAnM7H7PzoyJS+aytG07tfvd/PwJK6uFjJ+/YGicZk1uthYWHeuXnE3LOj3LNs3LNuWnHrt2F1WoiDvt525bnq8eHar1Cylzuhr1yQVkOKdl7Y6vTY7/dgPWTjlU6jian4yYIChcJd7NDl9+WewXae6c/q9fSBGQJ2AAAY/UlEQVR42uycaVMTWRfHbxAIKpB0YoINJIAJRA1bZIuJYWeAsMharIECBJFdQMIWUCiKVTahQFwQAXUUDIhoqVT5wq8yH+RJYB6n0G7SnTQ6E87/DeSe7pvc/tXpe+8/p4MQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAIBAKBQCAQCAQCgUAgEAgEAoFAIBAI9C8SpnH954UbciWN/SO+5vsB0b6+5gbXo98CQ8h0ijtc7COvEifUcdMRD3RmBYSq3X3VgebGv24L3NTnEB8v1my6xQRxTkcFRvm6q4NMoWC1u2tUtC4AuxLD9lMYzmFsUyPHOzLZ9EdjdN3UhHLcncxtaDJGow5ma9i+HKwYd+AgXKBGXJ9N10222tdV7aCJ0sDVJ9BmzaYPrzisJlJSkmAUC8VCZ4EYr05QvBWHYXiNc3jkFeFHXomnT1NTU4n5old7hickCGqMkbUfRYKaiCZv3mmBxFCLfMxAhE03mrQSWTVHJBAH1PDEN5Kbio3yD5Jq72qtoCnZgPg1RomnUNjU9FYrTBDC1SdQoFGbgMvDPtTWCoQ6nzCRCYgAV3j/ZYzUurq9TdZyDAkfrpYYhZOKsAitwylULQqrEUb64IqEaj8/RbDs2ymJQPK0NviDWzGmUYTxfHg1cqHRSyDWXa7W8rRGF62PT4LiyremG2Kf2wgLw8ONTRxhmFybrHCBq0+gcyxcJwviyYt1OMcR9/pWa54LnDS88y4c5CgKcHAJlvOuxOAcN/zpR+NpB6SVBDuIrnDOTz4V6WI4f5wpMXfiW6yunfTEuJwgb4ench1LZ04XL0PoGW2QTI2zOBy+E89Rzgp0d3Vyw3H8PG74GM4W6eDqW5SvE3nMPcA0KSP24UbcAu5DrzgS1t//ue73deIkPyNzoadIEfkZMpHMFIw8fADr+0sZwZmyyB9e/v9smYjaJ5NdZtsTkMtO7MB/ldh0Pw9bFmVPQFiB//khODvZFRAHAAJAyBU9XdW61FrZxgUgv1m3mguL3u2OKlWdGfMZnaq4hvUtfeUCF4D8cltmurL15XyGUqlsWB/QL47Efsczs9upVI2WmhoXYgHIr1GsPtecEu07w1ltfKL4yOKngd1RlbKzdKfqvR0DwSLYCFe7Rpz/rUCy2lW5+pFYCh93oapovlM12q5vxuwTSITnDeSjrS2RoFOS0N+VHA2qmWY6Z7QVbpnubBlbhdP2B0QkEvgKFUIvT6RO+C37kOYZVW5rLP3zuFP6mVFV53pRVqxdAXGrNeByWXFJjInNr79lRbfSTY4fFmRVO6Vxqtx3UzCpM5Ic7zIb9Eclx6XExOevlrO7L11/dsRRC8PvqgCI7auJ1tzM9qwjDlieG4zPS8oLMUsqDQnJS2oZXBt/9LiiPrE7BZa9DGvqnWr0iOS4vrKdJx2v7zb//yzlwaXu7OVXz1d6Vus75p7kryVJQ5LGTVyyUwAIE5oenhk9KjmyO9akSRWJKeQ9pGSvdOSP54VIW8YP5wsAoauR1vZOVcNAIVlypCTmJ0nXOrIpdXbdzGU/XxIBiDW3Kb1pS5extXiL7IDu+nFp3vbKdZr9piyvdAMQmpuG5qL1OFXGyyrSzFhezU+KH5xbtu19AIgFDrG32qZHKpdKlcrSpSyMnMVgiHQwv+eBzW8IQH5U68BM+/x6aUZGw2in8m/FrX9q5hJPAq/qtwelIYP5q8spjAwBgPygyr2BrZ2lIn3rcGFVZfPUyELb+1iMlEWLiUXFavYz5oZgD0ACMeQQpAnSMAKk9CW15dETE4u1Nz1MsrAXIAEKb2TQulQ7MOH2jnS9p7Iqmotf6+k+ltHYARDZbQEKfesrO82E2zvTbvmYsx3xLYnHNRo7AKITenNuc4r9Ihhwe291TVk8ZjUkqef4RmMPcwiGTCsgroaJSX1n19IRPUl5q8c5GFhlHUKrqjr6gMQWaf3xDgGAHNqDjB4Zfj4YP2fVqoqfWt734mb6xIXXdz8//DI29vDabPqLvlQAYkmdrUcEl8cL3tA1qVC6v4dHY85Fk3Jycho9Nu7c7y8bG+v398gxNeZ4bPiXffl8d+JmXTkfgPysKhWXNJb9uKCCtjGSOpb2cHYi/WZdXV/vj/nAL6+7OfH685cy/w0PE5xZAPKzdnfIIt3bBdv09x0TFzfqKJLr6wUgP2mqi8RWf/am4HE27e5Sy9KuwaRuy9ntMySBOekrZEV63OmDVZYtQNq6RkiMkvjntDvrLUu7C8te24C8LCUJdLTQ7uvCkH8fOrFA9t1ebiDfNiBYZiVJgkhX6KZHf9rrE7wx3Hd7k3kKlm1ur55sU1ifRLOn2aH75Sd5p77v9tZ6G/xscnvPdg6TLLFC6FmJ5feHZk+2dXLg9k4qnG1yexeVJJvC1byzdPp5ndbfi042kAO3F2G2TeoZSySZQ8vc7fMfumDbYP7TQDDPSA5Dq6zmrljiQE/IM+q93E0r60UnGIgmodqZISDzAySBJBp2e//QhM1j+m8DuSqPZgZIW9cCcWBFSr2652tjLzrZQLBwQQwzQLbWSQItHTTuV33opAO5amRmDonNzCIOPI+nnCDp99LRSQfibiyRMwLkUy5JYPAJ5fWVld6VfWWIwVDMBBB+XCFx4FUB1a8I+Y1jCIC4i0VeTAApjOMTB9beUF5g3UEABLmrE84xAST3E3H7cgHVL23/vNgLQBASeYebMyQQQxjbhtrerEySTeGjCoo9XLj3AgEQhKLCJwP23V5+eAmv2sFaIOtbxO3ZBZeodfDi3gUEQL5LdlvsXiNWs06jp8nWuL0LXdPEgcfb1DrovfgnAiBmbZbg2IHb6+2nfhuB+DJrMmRgnri9u4BincmdfgRADpa98m/mfQiG+IjLt7a291YmyQ9jbD+m1sFYIx+AHMjgx7HdyyrKIG6/VECt8ucaI46JfQDxOhVos9vLVS4SByoe/UrHxD6AsFyu2mydDHcStz8ooPR8M1OOiX0AiWaJuLYCadATt78Zp3J2auNXBECOSBnaQCozownbrxdQKla8fwcBEEaBkD10+2SQytkPGXNMAMiBRrraCNupVY/OMueYAJADkT10S6l6lEnHBIAcbApJHrqlVD3KqGNid0D4VgHZIdkUUqoe3ehHAIRIQcIIxDqDCzdpA5neI66vplQ9WubBByCEinQWR3/wMxr8aLu9GSTFWFSqR68NlSMAQqhNoScuEEjCXei6vZ+UJL9/RaF6lGnHxK7mEN0pR8dgpMNo3rIW9rKIAxSqR8uHriEAwvAqq2GLJEChenSjDAEQhoEsdXKJAytSiwnytZEPQBgGMrVH9oPtlqtHXzP7FQgAMensKNmPBCRarB59cW8CARCGgbwk/ZmZlrnfskM/4UCy9kieSUf5eZaqR/3vIwDCMBBuXBEZD6mlWqyHOakAhGkgA7lW85g4Bsv9xAOp3Ju2lkdd2iwCIFRuQvuGLzUgmEpvLQ9+4xcEQCwoSOiMFCJDWCBVIDO71vJg7qkDewYS6SxG3mK1QE7R7V0k+dqWAo/jsnjtC8im0A/fFHL+x965RzVx5XH8hjyJSYYkJuYxk8yYagoJGEjC06ASIBoBRegWM4Rua8D4SqEoD5WK9lhQFF94UB6uWh9VidGWio913e2eru3xjz09tt32n91z9px9nbP/7j/7105C4gpGiJSJMJnvycncuZk7l3s/5P7u/c3NvXx+bN7elRUfzJRH2f7NgAYyvdxMhYsrUsbo7d15eaY83jnYCWggs93Lqom+jl8MPEh08SYwkC3tNTPlcXiRlAYy60AuR/0xyFvLpudBpos3cYF0Rf05YSw8SHXxJiyQ5vYzM+RBros3YYF8cWKGPEh28SYqkNb8whnyINnFm6BAjv960wx5LN6/FdBAZh1ItHlx0/FY82HZyfuH958ENJBXU8q0QBZsXHX+hbjbL+Gx5sPNi5c/ODqyI7inxNG6xYAGErtC3l6GOzi3N7Iqqe0XUfSvvzx+/Nug/kDo6dOnf//++3/88/Hyybr/YN+uHRsIDkvqrnWWbX0nzqWhircXw85hgG0Oe3u/+9svX9Tvgvp4opZEUd3ZziNX9r6u0lDF2+vjWXgAxU3zvjRU8fYaQ3N7kSQayNzqZXHnfRGallIJiAfX80Lyho+Tz/SwLhLWeycF9F54QqqYpOfrpk7kjZrKC0+KSEsev43eoqQSEBHXOC5OJDDpjOvqiIS5nEkBrsY9IVVM4vYWTJ2IEzVVqWlSBBsK3waVAlphCekqmHtjGoj+B50bMiUL4JwMtjFNTNfFnJAtoObL0t0GmK6KOQLErPfIpMDGpKtibkjBU3LcdDXQokWLUmpSQXQlzCXTb7cV0rUwhySWG1x0LcwlCf0KuhJI0dIk27PwQhwFUZ5C5KRESZflijxygYy6rGBExpT55EiBcQUQonSNv0TZ/CTMCmEuucEvyzOqNGh6BpflZAsDXg3RGBlwLqxfEcDxHF6gQK68aWjycAHgBjxGPh8KwAqcw7OM6ZOspowMoc9lQYgbIgwYd2MFSDIrPWMhG3PpA1a/Uonw3QErrlYGGqSg4w4fKsWxJH5Ame1l0QgmSGrRyLJtnga5BvP6vHbE3GF3YsCr5CAOtRcAT2ap9ve4yi6RO3LsAafdgWlXAMA2S+obnHI8oDffScYxt9mS43RKZKg6uHmJWo7p5XaJL6C0O29KzLBFr8XVefIxlczndDiWOlLAucBNFe6UmLE07R1HE81gIhDEkZzZJDfLdGl6BEmTj7n9HZCiwYOlyyAYAI5To63nG7xKrD7Ti2fb9U1Onh4ox+SI3YNYeZ7Mer3Ezm1QCzs6MnCXU6s0ACss11o1Wkl9TkEHxDZrLPVen1OndegkHU4eX+4geDIQHQ9fqrM0pJllXJrBJBeJEChYYlQcks0nD9oJsZGbBQqlRk6pEQUKkThFLBV7soAYoEwRKvQDV54CCFAiGqA2MRC6AyHzIyaS9SpBChAIgTFFEXqYYjMCm5UjUAAWUywmMgILBX6OO5RXijTZidoSjUcKkzWNRCLixRQxx4WKggmYApGAOMlQG7jER+HPgofglSIbizmeaDyCKRKyQrkwmQJCrFCkIHhJ6E7jaUIXhjJicdTKSGZEhGjaP1BAKSCIih+bksf1LBA64fH+f/r8BxNPJiZ6URM/Jm4Kx5YufJGcUs/Us43zvgillJp1wkhioc+JJQwHIkcF8VIQ7wvn7uNzis3LSp8wAuNGhtWR3j/RQLOYxLsUpYHECcjzno3CBkYTlMM0wJjfZTBK3ECihYDVac00gHgDad60cef2Q6c3bmpONCCiTbmrQsrtAmK5hpF2x1fK4GM+nTagARo/H6Aevl8TRyDiY123alflt9Veran5/HJbKNAvTRwgwi3rwxoFUj7Sa3HAXg6epgvwz/EBksmBOAVsrTpOQN6/t3N7bm7ViXvvjUaiRomvyqH8VeUHuo4lXpNFjN2ATQRQMUucwgLEuA4IgS30nhIPIMdqK2pvdXVHmVe0cn3riar8ts/OFFISiMnSJIU9kKWAGIekx+YdjwOQ5hPtB7ZMdUHhmc/a8mtbj1MPSLZVA7ROXxMGIK1pAhCJMrSNBWoMu8hRayHoWGqzKkjvZYmvtp/uj+FLNFBesf3qeooB6fBhSp/FG4CBUZWkOL8urPPAdgfzqrECXGNGEJkhEwG4Rw0ceYhHR7YNac0vXx/jpaNdp3NX7axZSSUbolQojG6p0hZssr4rLgrrEyDFvP7AmJZtRWRynjlbBjAEZmb4fBIVuUBq2tpqXskDt+nWofwaqhr11bvDWg2kfrYR0SnToOxz/jyo1w+UuAtSIybcTWaTtb68ohWkDg8O3X53uGXbngsXP61MPTXdYtmguzkRelmvwaj3n27/XFzcU9TTMnzjraHBS42NJdXL3iha1ni75eKpRB+pxx9I/4H2E/8Zrq4efn7j7wWr16VW7rlxadkbJUPTU6EyEGkeu9AmBTZXrxsUAsLEZOhFoIOj0JtIabL6N1Y9vPxksGjwZTu87b4w3FNdVDLYV3wqgYCs2RrWXmBr0OCI3IpjWhgO6M0wUPEZgO30wvjsG/X+gaqHtX/6saSkb5qlU1KL+war9yQOkNEjb47r4HUgVelyLGNav5Uhs/C1iAaoYB63N1Mz60C6CRqXP3jSs2yoOLYECxKpyVoTFjEkhFYoSpEMhtsAKRmuLIhosoy9HA46u01Wd+i78WSouqQldRZul5hG/WcBEa/c0tz9/ntnarpaB64eqHr4xb9/bKy+1Pfp7BSBasszoSJBDGLOHEhzW25+fn5uW9uh7eW1p3d++edvqj+6Ubxu1opANSBiZkya+U87B6q6m7esFAd9ZJUtPdWNt/ekzmoRKADEpncBKx+CF8ZlrZPtkYXK1xEd3JbKWb8/BYCo0zBg1KodEIC0pM86OV4R9qkXFw2eIiMDKgBJDqAFsEitAkaViezMNoa3urjx9jZyMqBCk5UNudyKdL0xHk1WVajFqmwsqQQ0kFiMOuktVvDp+La33yUtBxrIK+leOWHNh4qiDcilNJDXAKS8FVws6glb861li693XntweN+SXYuCy2aOLKm7dv3nLptJA3mlUWHF6PAza3547Y5FI7uO1j06e7/z5JHNVzafvP8ovLDskrqzZTSQOAD54etLJb8Kt1BHd0Rf7Tq05O+jfctpIHEA8uXdiDXfOzJCzmrwNJBXUN/dyLOnDzeQtVsCDSR2rf7NH8NdqSsHD9Pd3tcP5MJPP4wHytaSt7sLDSR29Xx7PHQ8ub8T0EBernFvr0lvItl1su7u16Hj8v1kbpZAGW9vMh8n2dv7yU+hTdjPri0DNJApgQS9vQyEAEKqt1f60bfB6dN1b5K72Q5VvL0ok0dyk5UabLGI4SDJG4rMbyBJxsK4GfVtfx0AexeNkL052LwGYrNrrHED8s1X/eQNBykCpDDg6I0XkN13D4FFcdideF4DEcjOKeIFpO+/A50bAA1kauVps+IFpPor1//aO7+Ytqo4jv+0sMG1tL3clFI7hI4OGN0DnYWlOjLZn4zSjXQglm0WEtjWZg7MEvFBGENZX5ZuidMYyNgkmCgwxrIHE6JuD4tERxRxj/ujm3vT+N/4JzojbRmO3koLtPce6vfz0t5zb3rPPZ/8zrn3l9NzfX4ImR+VNt0skZA3xz5ukOTtq8taCF98QS+RkHNf/e7D67ujoTCvOyuNkH7T+G/vEYREQTNqTZVGyMDYry0ChERDr6/aJI2QixM3dxCERKPMUpYZyvaeXOFO5NzeStfPeJ96DOQdzl4ZzPbyBx4LzO1NWHKxferlTgiJzsrgwnCGdO3Dj2ufLH00cen30z/eIAiJzkmjdk8o26s270ng3N613958HkJi6bK47QVSDOp3fvimEkJiqfyK7DwJhDxy46dXCEJioDDb/ZAEQjyT1U0QEgsbcnOlSJ3osio0EBLbIBL2L+iECOm6feVVgpBFkQghHZN/VjRDCDtCGu5NXeIhhBkhHsfVKy8QhDAjRPeMqaIHQpgR0lVz7q6UPVZyLIKpJJWbDy6CGW8hHT7/Nkl7rKRYJtaar9liNLSuSkC2t2HNwOZqJ4QsiLJSbcb+0dyzxvhnez2OzrqJZwlCFkRJa6Y6x5saXGo8zl3WSG+/a9wJIawM6qeK7FuvvUsQwogQe9Ew9X3uhBBWhPTqAv/zJAhhREinw0Pt15wQwoqQo0eJur8gCGFEyPQtL710+RcIYUWIbojo6l0BQhgRMlxkpzOSjyAQ8t+3vKdoYOwzghBGhPSO0Guu8SYIWQx6JbndCrUijqmTwC3v6YmdBCGL4Ig1n/ZzhgPr45jtPdFAr5uqmyBkMZSVavlNWXqDN37Z3h2OxkHXO3IESJJkewtybOrROGZ7dUOVphcvNUMII4N6V43Q17e7liCEDSEdvtXPbX6quhlCGBHyftsu16BMAQIhYg463n76jF2mAIEQMWuO13WTXAECISL8jjuutbxcAQIhIlo+crXLFyAQEs7Gmu464p/ogRA2hDT6/t7WT7sPEYTILaTRM9x7Quf40rVLzgBJnmyvJjC3NzYh/XMRDvo3Hm9rKaoZ+WPo2F+mt0jOAEmebG+pdRXxhTNCGtt08/DGHL6e/P72vU9v3Zq6HGBsovZQ7QfNELIEgtneC62HjXRk+0y21+5fPQ/H5vLd4MDW69c/mebDaXrq6+udBCFLIJTt1Qfm9sbUZYle1SwIsx+CIMh8NUk2qJcs+0tILiFpekVKRFQRyxXKsALlA4cpVKLi+0WhXwttKcpTYkF0KtFJZk6VsyGZhJz3cumR4CwRd9gsXNhhtn+/7826v5PLLQ59ekNFnHUfN7tlq4p8yrAK5FsiHcZ5RTUYLaH/A4rIxSnzbavExTNFSuGBLfOSaqCIUiMAljXlPCkz8tehIZh5BuLMWWnFBWgIZp6Bived35uZgYZgBUNVoSUVzcDQ3Vsej/AAYBZhfTkagSE0RpsarcAQyi1oA7ZIMyJCGHs0F9AGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACyMfwB3nRfLcEtwjwAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Scaling the regularization parameter for SVCs

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.make_classification.html

