# sklearn.metrics.roc_auc_score

`sklearn.metrics.roc_auc_score(y_true, y_score, *, average='macro',
sample_weight=None, max_fpr=None, multi_class='raise', labels=None)` [source]

    
Compute Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve (ROC AUC) from
prediction scores.

Note: this implementation can be used with binary, multiclass and multilabel
classification, but some restrictions apply (see Parameters).

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`y_truearray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
True labels or binary label indicators. The binary and multiclass cases expect
labels with shape (n_samples,) while the multilabel case expects binary label
indicators with shape (n_samples, n_classes).

`y_scorearray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
Target scores.

  * In the binary case, it corresponds to an array of shape `(n_samples,)`. Both probability estimates and non-thresholded decision values can be provided. The probability estimates correspond to the probability of the class with the greater label, i.e. `estimator.classes_[1]` and thus `estimator.predict_proba(X, y)[:, 1]`. The decision values corresponds to the output of `estimator.decision_function(X, y)`. See more information in the User guide;
  * In the multiclass case, it corresponds to an array of shape `(n_samples, n_classes)` of probability estimates provided by the `predict_proba` method. The probability estimates must sum to 1 across the possible classes. In addition, the order of the class scores must correspond to the order of `labels`, if provided, or else to the numerical or lexicographical order of the labels in `y_true`. See more information in the User guide;
  * In the multilabel case, it corresponds to an array of shape `(n_samples, n_classes)`. Probability estimates are provided by the `predict_proba` method and the non-thresholded decision values by the `decision_function` method. The probability estimates correspond to the probability of the class with the greater label for each output of the classifier. See more information in the User guide.

`average{‘micro’, ‘macro’, ‘samples’, ‘weighted’} or None, default=’macro’`

    
If `None`, the scores for each class are returned. Otherwise, this determines
the type of averaging performed on the data: Note: multiclass ROC AUC
currently only handles the ‘macro’ and ‘weighted’ averages.

`'micro':`

    
Calculate metrics globally by considering each element of the label indicator
matrix as a label.

`'macro':`

    
Calculate metrics for each label, and find their unweighted mean. This does
not take label imbalance into account.

`'weighted':`

    
Calculate metrics for each label, and find their average, weighted by support
(the number of true instances for each label).

`'samples':`

    
Calculate metrics for each instance, and find their average.

Will be ignored when `y_true` is binary.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

`max_fprfloat > 0 and <= 1, default=None`

    
If not `None`, the standardized partial AUC [2] over the range [0, max_fpr] is
returned. For the multiclass case, `max_fpr`, should be either equal to `None`
or `1.0` as AUC ROC partial computation currently is not supported for
multiclass.

`multi_class{‘raise’, ‘ovr’, ‘ovo’}, default=’raise’`

    
Only used for multiclass targets. Determines the type of configuration to use.
The default value raises an error, so either `'ovr'` or `'ovo'` must be passed
explicitly.

`'ovr':`

    
Stands for One-vs-rest. Computes the AUC of each class against the rest [3]
[4]. This treats the multiclass case in the same way as the multilabel case.
Sensitive to class imbalance even when `average == 'macro'`, because class
imbalance affects the composition of each of the ‘rest’ groupings.

`'ovo':`

    
Stands for One-vs-one. Computes the average AUC of all possible pairwise
combinations of classes [5]. Insensitive to class imbalance when `average ==
'macro'`.

`labelsarray-like of shape (n_classes,), default=None`

    
Only used for multiclass targets. List of labels that index the classes in
`y_score`. If `None`, the numerical or lexicographical order of the labels in
`y_true` is used.

Returns

    
`aucfloat`

See also

`average_precision_score`

    
Area under the precision-recall curve.

`roc_curve`

    
Compute Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve.

`plot_roc_curve`

    
Plot Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve.

#### References

`1`

    
Wikipedia entry for the Receiver operating characteristic

`2`

    
Analyzing a portion of the ROC curve. McClish, 1989

`3`

    
Provost, F., Domingos, P. (2000). Well-trained PETs: Improving probability
estimation trees (Section 6.2), CeDER Working Paper #IS-00-04, Stern School of
Business, New York University.

`4`

    
Fawcett, T. (2006). An introduction to ROC analysis. Pattern Recognition
Letters, 27(8), 861-874.

`5`

    
Hand, D.J., Till, R.J. (2001). A Simple Generalisation of the Area Under the
ROC Curve for Multiple Class Classification Problems. Machine Learning, 45(2),
171-186.

#### Examples

Binary case:

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_breast_cancer
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression
    >>> from sklearn.metrics import roc_auc_score
    >>> X, y = load_breast_cancer(return_X_y=True)
    >>> clf = LogisticRegression(solver="liblinear", random_state=0).fit(X, y)
    >>> roc_auc_score(y, clf.predict_proba(X)[:, 1])
    0.99...
    >>> roc_auc_score(y, clf.decision_function(X))
    0.99...
    
Multiclass case:

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import load_iris
    >>> X, y = load_iris(return_X_y=True)
    >>> clf = LogisticRegression(solver="liblinear").fit(X, y)
    >>> roc_auc_score(y, clf.predict_proba(X), multi_class='ovr')
    0.99...
    
Multilabel case:

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_multilabel_classification
    >>> from sklearn.multioutput import MultiOutputClassifier
    >>> X, y = make_multilabel_classification(random_state=0)
    >>> clf = MultiOutputClassifier(clf).fit(X, y)
    >>> # get a list of n_output containing probability arrays of shape
    >>> # (n_samples, n_classes)
    >>> y_pred = clf.predict_proba(X)
    >>> # extract the positive columns for each output
    >>> y_pred = np.transpose([pred[:, 1] for pred in y_pred])
    >>> roc_auc_score(y, y_pred, average=None)
    array([0.82..., 0.86..., 0.94..., 0.85... , 0.94...])
    >>> from sklearn.linear_model import RidgeClassifierCV
    >>> clf = RidgeClassifierCV().fit(X, y)
    >>> roc_auc_score(y, clf.decision_function(X), average=None)
    array([0.81..., 0.84... , 0.93..., 0.87..., 0.94...])
    
## Examples using `sklearn.metrics.roc_auc_score`

![Release Highlights for scikit-learn
0.22](data:image/png;base64,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)

Release Highlights for scikit-learn 0.22

![Receiver Operating Characteristic \(ROC\) with cross
validation](data:image/png;base64,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)

Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) with cross validation

![Receiver Operating Characteristic
\(ROC\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)

![Statistical comparison of models using grid
search](data:image/png;base64,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)

Statistical comparison of models using grid search

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.roc_auc_score.html

