# sklearn.cluster.ward_tree

`sklearn.cluster.ward_tree(X, *, connectivity=None, n_clusters=None,
return_distance=False)` [source]

    
Ward clustering based on a Feature matrix.

Recursively merges the pair of clusters that minimally increases within-
cluster variance.

The inertia matrix uses a Heapq-based representation.

This is the structured version, that takes into account some topological
structure between samples.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
feature matrix representing n_samples samples to be clustered

`connectivitysparse matrix, default=None`

    
connectivity matrix. Defines for each sample the neighboring samples following
a given structure of the data. The matrix is assumed to be symmetric and only
the upper triangular half is used. Default is None, i.e, the Ward algorithm is
unstructured.

`n_clustersint, default=None`

    
Stop early the construction of the tree at n_clusters. This is useful to
decrease computation time if the number of clusters is not small compared to
the number of samples. In this case, the complete tree is not computed, thus
the ‘children’ output is of limited use, and the ‘parents’ output should
rather be used. This option is valid only when specifying a connectivity
matrix.

`return_distancebool, default=None`

    
If True, return the distance between the clusters.

Returns

    
`childrenndarray of shape (n_nodes-1, 2)`

    
The children of each non-leaf node. Values less than `n_samples` correspond to
leaves of the tree which are the original samples. A node `i` greater than or
equal to `n_samples` is a non-leaf node and has children `children_[i -
n_samples]`. Alternatively at the i-th iteration, children[i][0] and
children[i][1] are merged to form node `n_samples + i`

`n_connected_componentsint`

    
The number of connected components in the graph.

`n_leavesint`

    
The number of leaves in the tree

`parentsndarray of shape (n_nodes,) or None`

    
The parent of each node. Only returned when a connectivity matrix is
specified, elsewhere ‘None’ is returned.

`distancesndarray of shape (n_nodes-1,)`

    
Only returned if return_distance is set to True (for compatibility). The
distances between the centers of the nodes. `distances[i]` corresponds to a
weighted euclidean distance between the nodes `children[i, 1]` and
`children[i, 2]`. If the nodes refer to leaves of the tree, then
`distances[i]` is their unweighted euclidean distance. Distances are updated
in the following way (from scipy.hierarchy.linkage):

The new entry \\(d(u,v)\\) is computed as follows,

\\[d(u,v) = \sqrt{\frac{|v|+|s|} {T}d(v,s)^2 + \frac{|v|+|t|} {T}d(v,t)^2 -
\frac{|v|} {T}d(s,t)^2}\\]

where \\(u\\) is the newly joined cluster consisting of clusters \\(s\\) and
\\(t\\), \\(v\\) is an unused cluster in the forest, \\(T=|v|+|s|+|t|\\), and
\\(|*|\\) is the cardinality of its argument. This is also known as the
incremental algorithm.

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.ward_tree.html

