# sklearn.decomposition.PCA

`class sklearn.decomposition.PCA(n_components=None, *, copy=True,
whiten=False, svd_solver='auto', tol=0.0, iterated_power='auto',
random_state=None)` [source]

    
Principal component analysis (PCA).

Linear dimensionality reduction using Singular Value Decomposition of the data
to project it to a lower dimensional space. The input data is centered but not
scaled for each feature before applying the SVD.

It uses the LAPACK implementation of the full SVD or a randomized truncated
SVD by the method of Halko et al. 2009, depending on the shape of the input
data and the number of components to extract.

It can also use the scipy.sparse.linalg ARPACK implementation of the truncated
SVD.

Notice that this class does not support sparse input. See `TruncatedSVD` for
an alternative with sparse data.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`n_componentsint, float or ‘mle’, default=None`

    
Number of components to keep. if n_components is not set all components are
kept:

    
    n_components == min(n_samples, n_features)
    
If `n_components == 'mle'` and `svd_solver == 'full'`, Minka’s MLE is used to
guess the dimension. Use of `n_components == 'mle'` will interpret `svd_solver
== 'auto'` as `svd_solver == 'full'`.

If `0 < n_components < 1` and `svd_solver == 'full'`, select the number of
components such that the amount of variance that needs to be explained is
greater than the percentage specified by n_components.

If `svd_solver == 'arpack'`, the number of components must be strictly less
than the minimum of n_features and n_samples.

Hence, the None case results in:

    
    n_components == min(n_samples, n_features) - 1
    
`copybool, default=True`

    
If False, data passed to fit are overwritten and running fit(X).transform(X)
will not yield the expected results, use fit_transform(X) instead.

`whitenbool, default=False`

    
When True (False by default) the `components_` vectors are multiplied by the
square root of n_samples and then divided by the singular values to ensure
uncorrelated outputs with unit component-wise variances.

Whitening will remove some information from the transformed signal (the
relative variance scales of the components) but can sometime improve the
predictive accuracy of the downstream estimators by making their data respect
some hard-wired assumptions.

`svd_solver{‘auto’, ‘full’, ‘arpack’, ‘randomized’}, default=’auto’`

    
If auto :

    
The solver is selected by a default policy based on `X.shape` and
`n_components`: if the input data is larger than 500x500 and the number of
components to extract is lower than 80% of the smallest dimension of the data,
then the more efficient ‘randomized’ method is enabled. Otherwise the exact
full SVD is computed and optionally truncated afterwards.

If full :

    
run exact full SVD calling the standard LAPACK solver via `scipy.linalg.svd`
and select the components by postprocessing

If arpack :

    
run SVD truncated to n_components calling ARPACK solver via
`scipy.sparse.linalg.svds`. It requires strictly 0 < n_components <
min(X.shape)

If randomized :

    
run randomized SVD by the method of Halko et al.

New in version 0.18.0.

`tolfloat, default=0.0`

    
Tolerance for singular values computed by svd_solver == ‘arpack’. Must be of
range [0.0, infinity).

New in version 0.18.0.

`iterated_powerint or ‘auto’, default=’auto’`

    
Number of iterations for the power method computed by svd_solver ==
‘randomized’. Must be of range [0, infinity).

New in version 0.18.0.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Used when the ‘arpack’ or ‘randomized’ solvers are used. Pass an int for
reproducible results across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

New in version 0.18.0.

Attributes

    
`components_ndarray of shape (n_components, n_features)`

    
Principal axes in feature space, representing the directions of maximum
variance in the data. The components are sorted by `explained_variance_`.

`explained_variance_ndarray of shape (n_components,)`

    
The amount of variance explained by each of the selected components.

Equal to n_components largest eigenvalues of the covariance matrix of X.

New in version 0.18.

`explained_variance_ratio_ndarray of shape (n_components,)`

    
Percentage of variance explained by each of the selected components.

If `n_components` is not set then all components are stored and the sum of the
ratios is equal to 1.0.

`singular_values_ndarray of shape (n_components,)`

    
The singular values corresponding to each of the selected components. The
singular values are equal to the 2-norms of the `n_components` variables in
the lower-dimensional space.

New in version 0.19.

`mean_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
Per-feature empirical mean, estimated from the training set.

Equal to `X.mean(axis=0)`.

`n_components_int`

    
The estimated number of components. When n_components is set to ‘mle’ or a
number between 0 and 1 (with svd_solver == ‘full’) this number is estimated
from input data. Otherwise it equals the parameter n_components, or the lesser
value of n_features and n_samples if n_components is None.

`n_features_int`

    
Number of features in the training data.

`n_samples_int`

    
Number of samples in the training data.

`noise_variance_float`

    
The estimated noise covariance following the Probabilistic PCA model from
Tipping and Bishop 1999. See “Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning” by C.
Bishop, 12.2.1 p. 574 or http://www.miketipping.com/papers/met-mppca.pdf. It
is required to compute the estimated data covariance and score samples.

Equal to the average of (min(n_features, n_samples) - n_components) smallest
eigenvalues of the covariance matrix of X.

See also

`KernelPCA`

    
Kernel Principal Component Analysis.

`SparsePCA`

    
Sparse Principal Component Analysis.

`TruncatedSVD`

    
Dimensionality reduction using truncated SVD.

`IncrementalPCA`

    
Incremental Principal Component Analysis.

#### References

For n_components == ‘mle’, this class uses the method of Minka, T. P.
“Automatic choice of dimensionality for PCA”. In NIPS, pp. 598-604

Implements the probabilistic PCA model from: Tipping, M. E., and Bishop, C. M.
(1999). “Probabilistic principal component analysis”. Journal of the Royal
Statistical Society: Series B (Statistical Methodology), 61(3), 611-622. via
the score and score_samples methods. See
http://www.miketipping.com/papers/met-mppca.pdf

For svd_solver == ‘arpack’, refer to `scipy.sparse.linalg.svds`.

For svd_solver == ‘randomized’, see: Halko, N., Martinsson, P. G., and Tropp,
J. A. (2011). “Finding structure with randomness: Probabilistic algorithms for
constructing approximate matrix decompositions”. SIAM review, 53(2), 217-288.
and also Martinsson, P. G., Rokhlin, V., and Tygert, M. (2011). “A randomized
algorithm for the decomposition of matrices”. Applied and Computational
Harmonic Analysis, 30(1), 47-68.

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.decomposition import PCA
    >>> X = np.array([[-1, -1], [-2, -1], [-3, -2], [1, 1], [2, 1], [3, 2]])
    >>> pca = PCA(n_components=2)
    >>> pca.fit(X)
    PCA(n_components=2)
    >>> print(pca.explained_variance_ratio_)
    [0.9924... 0.0075...]
    >>> print(pca.singular_values_)
    [6.30061... 0.54980...]
    
    
    >>> pca = PCA(n_components=2, svd_solver='full')
    >>> pca.fit(X)
    PCA(n_components=2, svd_solver='full')
    >>> print(pca.explained_variance_ratio_)
    [0.9924... 0.00755...]
    >>> print(pca.singular_values_)
    [6.30061... 0.54980...]
    
    
    >>> pca = PCA(n_components=1, svd_solver='arpack')
    >>> pca.fit(X)
    PCA(n_components=1, svd_solver='arpack')
    >>> print(pca.explained_variance_ratio_)
    [0.99244...]
    >>> print(pca.singular_values_)
    [6.30061...]
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X[, y]) | Fit the model with X.  
---|---  
`fit_transform`(X[, y]) | Fit the model with X and apply the dimensionality reduction on X.  
`get_covariance`() | Compute data covariance with the generative model.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`get_precision`() | Compute data precision matrix with the generative model.  
`inverse_transform`(X) | Transform data back to its original space.  
`score`(X[, y]) | Return the average log-likelihood of all samples.  
`score_samples`(X) | Return the log-likelihood of each sample.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`transform`(X) | Apply dimensionality reduction to X.  
`fit(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fit the model with X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Training data, where n_samples is the number of samples and n_features is the
number of features.

`yIgnored`

Returns

    
`selfobject`

    
Returns the instance itself.

`fit_transform(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Fit the model with X and apply the dimensionality reduction on X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Training data, where n_samples is the number of samples and n_features is the
number of features.

`yIgnored`

Returns

    
`X_newndarray of shape (n_samples, n_components)`

    
Transformed values.

#### Notes

This method returns a Fortran-ordered array. To convert it to a C-ordered
array, use ‘np.ascontiguousarray’.

`get_covariance()` [source]

    
Compute data covariance with the generative model.

`cov = components_.T * S**2 * components_ + sigma2 * eye(n_features)` where
S**2 contains the explained variances, and sigma2 contains the noise
variances.

Returns

    
`covarray, shape=(n_features, n_features)`

    
Estimated covariance of data.

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`get_precision()` [source]

    
Compute data precision matrix with the generative model.

Equals the inverse of the covariance but computed with the matrix inversion
lemma for efficiency.

Returns

    
`precisionarray, shape=(n_features, n_features)`

    
Estimated precision of data.

`inverse_transform(X)` [source]

    
Transform data back to its original space.

In other words, return an input X_original whose transform would be X.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_components)`

    
New data, where n_samples is the number of samples and n_components is the
number of components.

Returns

    
X_original array-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)

#### Notes

If whitening is enabled, inverse_transform will compute the exact inverse
operation, which includes reversing whitening.

`score(X, y=None)` [source]

    
Return the average log-likelihood of all samples.

See. “Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning” by C. Bishop, 12.2.1 p. 574 or
http://www.miketipping.com/papers/met-mppca.pdf

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data.

`yIgnored`

Returns

    
`llfloat`

    
Average log-likelihood of the samples under the current model.

`score_samples(X)` [source]

    
Return the log-likelihood of each sample.

See. “Pattern Recognition and Machine Learning” by C. Bishop, 12.2.1 p. 574 or
http://www.miketipping.com/papers/met-mppca.pdf

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data.

Returns

    
`llndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Log-likelihood of each sample under the current model.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`transform(X)` [source]

    
Apply dimensionality reduction to X.

X is projected on the first principal components previously extracted from a
training set.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
New data, where n_samples is the number of samples and n_features is the
number of features.

Returns

    
`X_newarray-like, shape (n_samples, n_components)`

#### Examples

    
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> from sklearn.decomposition import IncrementalPCA
    >>> X = np.array([[-1, -1], [-2, -1], [-3, -2], [1, 1], [2, 1], [3, 2]])
    >>> ipca = IncrementalPCA(n_components=2, batch_size=3)
    >>> ipca.fit(X)
    IncrementalPCA(batch_size=3, n_components=2)
    >>> ipca.transform(X) 
    
## Examples using `sklearn.decomposition.PCA`

![A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits
data](data:image/png;base64,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)

A demo of K-Means clustering on the handwritten digits data

![Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Principal Component Regression vs Partial Least Squares Regression

![The Iris
Dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

The Iris Dataset

![PCA example with Iris Data-
set](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAAB7FBMVEXy8vL7+/v5+fn09PT6+vr29vbz8/P19fX////4+Pj39/ft7e3q6urCwsL+/v7w8PDAwMDDw8Pv7+/x8fHi4uLn5+fm5ub9/f3u7u7IyMjMzMzJycne3t68vLzT09PY2NjQ0NDs7Ozp6enExMS+vr7k5OTf39/d3d3h4eHGxsbLy8u4uLjNzc3Pz8/V1dXa2tqysrLU1NTZ2dm7u7vX19e5ubnS0tLb29upqamRkZGbm5uIiIi3t7dfX19paWliY2K0tLSFhYWmpqZ6enqOjo6YmJisrKxmZmYlJiV/f3+UlJSenp4vLy9AQECCgoKLi4tcXFxZWVlsbGxMTEx3d3dvb288PTxGRkZDQ0M2NjYgICBPT08ZGRlUVFQrKysQERAzMzNJSUk5OTl8fXyvr69xcnGhoaGkpKR0dHRWV1ZRUVEZURkFTwUGMAYTQRMImQgFBwUEOwRzdHMDGgMRXRELwQsEJQQPpw8vyi8+yT4TMxMIaAhA0UAiZyI6TjouQy4GsgYdxR0mTiYifCIfpR8JdQkhPCEFiAUQJBBEVURO0k41nzU7uztNW00vsy8qmCohiyEuXS4gtyAeLh40iTRYZFgvdS9iu2JCqUJQgFDz8vOFnYWMzoyR45GItIj29fZ523lrgmuS5pKQ3pA+7iVsAAAgAElEQVR42uyc25aqOhaGQxLCBtGEk6KIclYsxLKU4qYu1sP0+z9Dc1SgVl9099pL3MvcVUYuauTzz5zzzwzgryceMyyZLpX++icN8MT/OyfykqqqJuJeQMYhD14SVRVocghmLyCPHgso8KJYAiGGkkvcC8hj5cFJglTwEDUKiBfnVJMWLyAPlAfmpZIHFqMQIS/ekX9MJHlKIJxYHVciBz4Z+wByvEaAmlRcvIA8JprzfCkPyM3jON+ww3pZAAGaahLuBeQhyW4lD8xf2aem0fBgB2seFKMQyfNHkqcDwtXyELnJUokkrKpITd8VTyiJFCIB+AXkt+KAtTwgjIJkAmGZ9iKZseADkFok6pOL5LmAlLV5xQM5di7Apg4p0t6dHcuoJAKeXSRPBWTiCWI1ZObLYsmjBuJHyLAueQWkFAm/eAH5HfLgHKdSBZ9nZ1STaRQSIaDlmeXWSNTJE4vkeYBwPN5UQKh1CaE4BAKIHF/WtCKiPXEkeRYgHBR47uwgLIW2RUTxO5ACycfbSq6DeyES7gXk7012eakAIpBNlkPx50AKkfjBTq2IaJMnFclTAFlgvrQSufSox1MZi0MgfgOkUMf2sjIqkWjUJHj2AvK3yEOqrcTFNQg+ha4+ioBCu0AAQEbMPkzURBKeewH55WPGVfIoakFZ+YpwnwfnmagHBBDtGlghqSOJCp5OJKMHsmitKyn3syPq8YBY96053wNSisRiV9qKROBeQH6pPKTGuqLJNDofQRcIh87sWJxQt6DeEqHb6XKOmjJRey6RjBvIDDZOO9anljc7JVoHCCfHvk7d7ZT5eg8IIGi+ClKNtCKZvYD8YuuK/7SvAHNdIFjMA8fElJLQendQnwhAas58oxGJG6IXkF8hD9wcV9hVfEOCYgGEtkAwWLGIhyJVi5hhZ621eBcJMZJLWiXAxFhGz+NujRfIQmycRJxnm0oZXH4DAg1mybD0Uao65HqwcwIGSNR1oJQiQYYfUQ2+gPy/0bxuK4HEsnW+4nAHwn9k17ogqYFE4HSx3CESICdv1wLI3NfJ06RbIwWy0I5izSO0LdpG8d1KrShocTCHsF+pe7EdDYEALbJ9TwjjIujTiQZnLyD/szy8r8ohEdLsxIt9IKW9eEt/79aJtn1L3CER4q6yXC+BFOmW+QwiGSOQMtl1v6AIRTlm3j3R5dYrE0KwyXbwZ14WMabBnn47t3Z2oITVlftTiGSEQKrooX5JUFjbCelYiVxUKET22QQOzcV9k2Ods6NMBkiQG7+nJmmaIEYvktEBmdXOLvjiJ8dgDXuVebTyctvhv9nvNyDImE7XdJABC3v2ZoVtE4Qmzl5A/jvrqnJ20Y+1H0+4vpO4j32m477b2wMCiHa2jx7qiQRF1s4KrpPa3VJHnm6BsR1XTS2o/itI+f7eY3HzY6n25zi5cnv3d1Eg3VdyrWc2rpeGcGKWjp5BJKMCssCSVFtX8/jHmus77Zg6dtDXDMRhvDJ4owsEIHXDEq87sVsaSPAOwdkUxm8BjwlI20ON+ZQlmTpw2ue+tVm5XYGUzaSrmOU9hZSuiR5Pc3CbEnLLIEUIOSnFukYkdLQiGQ+Qtoda5NxlsXO23AUCpSvboNDq3t9yE0uJTDllytDtRZM0OLjtnHCyvJID8o6BY7Y9p2NtzAZjkwfE6+DoYsHuFCBFSImVvcR1gUC8Z4mLVUrC+MdG6Oe6BOjLYNfEduGjBlJE/J2i6ELT4KiOUyRjAVJE8/rJB1kFOwGKAjPuQHBkJ0VJiDtAMP8ZnFDd2zvPsrsebiK52lZdfQhbSybNYSZ/2o6KxiySUQCZFbW5VO+zwZZVk6jAbs1wkD/aUWkldoDgie8b5bq6DknjIBrUg0Sbx3ZVwQvXFkg5G03ZnIA2kryA/Ifjqr2I2mbXuklUUPTWaZeZ70rlH3h+AxJdHHDr7TV8nabZ0RwiMbfZQSVASA83IMVh5jrZWW3bgMcnkhEAmdXvaYutV+Og1YXgR83en97SplMRG0uvmiROFnUq9SrtDRkLv5m9hmLvSQGk58wT3WbGrTFbmr2ADEaY1xsu6R0XV4grIFA72OEtlNRApEIyatftNZQyy6LOW/vLvw81zRwtXU364jGPb6naNmYT/ALSHRhfkwqD1msS5eMdLpLdMLA61+glECjsso3U87JqIOUv359rQ7c3ZEqcfDvNiqVGvZROxvVY9MFAOMjD04pCKBn+dNIpMngrxxCk9lbqJFve0uPUlR1i8WdAAKFJdv229/TzXTHIt9kkSyetBQy42QvILdnl8pXKkQ/7U+pWgvzqgzOWzOhV5nI8D9lSG7q9LZDSRwzicCgS3nn399+UUy7Vm04h92M8XsojgdQ91Fx0MF2LhX3XkE/OEUtAbxK7cRxsxZ6lAmiVZbVVCDIPQTqoSXjnkASbYVtKsTSxm1n3XR5NugUeKo8yFnC69amstD4PUbSC6Q7ivp21futLpnQXPdQFUtR+OxbrvROKPyYkmvprMDy2yHoaR6Xn5f0Yz4tq8EB51MnuIsqCXOzzgDD6suX+bQgWTuzHvDeHpd3UjwRP6XpZSF6xTW1ZNUCShAoTJ3BkYSgS98gcF5H5W/1YdPYHA1m0zi7U2dd+4LRzxGFTZ9GfMw9FQd4TSNnve04CR++biwjkSqzfL6n4VVJ2l0a+skbD612w9v0IhZfm9cLiTwVy66HGyJmumnLvvtGGH+vpkev3ubPDRI27kYYLlaWhmWvfZqHQb+01kuB8C+P84VgrZxMk7lAkguwEx5yN57MDDwGygBLf5E1+bHjWvJdLwW2wofCadIBA/jPYIs7070CwtC02HVMTycf3lTbw32k+bVt7gWA5tdkL9nEQfROJto8vNro1Zi/+QCCtPEQxtz8p5/Z+95gumS5BaWvdgeCJr8wLUuodCKZWuUykJkDGxVbmwiBge8klrWN7AaR98eamdmJ+S7fc+D1pXibSh4vk9wOZNV/HKJtEmc5DaMZ6Z+91e1V+MkM63YHgdeYUtaMI6Q0IDINqWQmk/KKck6WDSoPQte1XpiJabtD9nkQJ9G8lyXXq282lI1UfHEl+O5D2Yz4iDu0DFcttvgOBwvlyql5JSXncTgpJ7b7fgUD+mp2a3t4KiE6iwJeHl1Ry8nYq5v5NzvV9t4lcYZiBIULIDAIkJISEACEhIfTDwqSNE3t7uhvvxk428dY/1rXO2seb0+Spp///Q0GABKh9i+SzrV9s45Ef7sedO/eb737IaWfSR2n7ulI4/3pq2fOTJInkdM953NozIInqKur82n4/viJEjp3EHpRNLMc/sn2TTNh3y1GSP4tmLAISHSu9vkoAgYhT/b5YePX51mEjhMmZZfcz1LNwLQ+I7hJibZ06z1tJ9gtIPZmIKpW6Au4mYYZmAgg9OHRREmjWFlYP2cD3mDR/iBUgK+uA9JycAhIGMvBVrsj2dht+i3e8fIGp6muyNwbEHUfTC1HqpElCgP8HQA5Im48vopjA19dhps3+Kva87tub6m5jMuwPq0NtY6MBUAgIILwsK5wBBHGmZm9peyeHzUqH3iZ7M7wwGh7FqYOxJD73cYvYZ3qwI2PVhiuuJmVaQTMIY8/KFUHJnLYkiwSshFV+8wwgQSI5B2f1KBlAwi/P14vaXiibT0fEfyd7o98cL3mq++2kElWfS5i9P0AiWUl02UTRA5wTIJJOh6KIudbO0b2SVSc8bZF9Fm5uLdtyc9YBeUCgLGC7oO1lusKpbmxJsAcR2RuvhGYnXStZZpJkzyWn2xcgcTXHA0CJbWuRE4mSDY/itujems+plTx1FW5uFs7rr4HIowwgBBLbmp7X9iKlMXSEfnEvg0pTm8W8MMTBRvY4jj6fKIWeI0mIvW1XUfVwWlSvYebDXKo3jwLcJApCXvnJdMU8HmAwquSkiyWSaHd4Rs6Si1AShBaRSRJUdgLUtsZxmBFbolNNUAs7g2gzg1Zrs5oZCGafeD5h9n4AoRJZyXDRwXo+zKXSwdivBKBALyrqNMiz7xT0KtMemTfWULE1NDihl2V7Fd0aZ24/UNeZ0EwkwQ6Dz/Azx0t5Fsi5+KgMCagNcqmjY9dgnitJiL2kRzxiUCJVTbC3mHbJ12SqaJkhCH64bnX4BAntpZoDbJNZNXwfj+VBo6Kbvby21zYFe100EOcEDMEobdzk2Nq7t1/efk5ZLkj0TXMAmVEvT7sM1trg/SfJHgBJqSsAguOCfD1679uC1s7N4KxUiR15RJdIpH14NWIiZMJjsKtQlcy5mCRcHNAir3iab7P5+hBRuNWUwDKcPhOHGU9+uLz7cnc5XReUaKUuHstF2aOH1eT2pFrd7/TCzgE5oJL5ZpJo4sawiAfnmPJMR7lBKc50eoA/hqT47mK5vPoJAcCMrQBSQGht2F5ZaMgA8EoY6ZEllfIzOqJt4qSwIDlyIl+RiIvp6+tPnz5d/7LJKMi3TGFaLs6KEpKKA5SIIKr7tJXfMSAH4WGXTW4vrCEXqPlSAVqaztc7OU8Zqq/p1TDSI+KFenP+8HD72KS6FceIaK81IKAUaG0RRGwvQurbrycvC9eB4avvx+0HTAEJC7Z7f3Xy6W+XbzLjCwhx46m+pYFAykJTu3D/mlNix3ik2xU70+YI2GbuzApdzaZB1jGjRCHXiqhEwPsi+Zfl9d3d3fLzJLFyoMw+lWx04arVPhf2Ie798uL26qdewYCGH2AcGzmszYKY2vurrz+/vXll5M7FxqmFe3ArSXqOlgiGxSrHUf8DgBzUQZIeoGxWIm20ZGUBMSLaEEQGDWshIjCwsxJbA1Grvni5vLm7u1y+9xMrB8pMSBMOO+VS4uRQfnV+ff/x6vUPi2Kr0dVXRg69jXsTdD5ePf72cZhbiAzfOBrNxK0Z92rHH8bEMAwcbk/HLWIP1TzSRo9Xr3hN2wDCzkeLeAKhNVRSSjFy5AVxx6d1X+h355eX58untZVDDAjb92f0eujTeP14+eX1zUdcEYz/YOTAMT0ns0ON//SvH9/N+Fzge4dVUbIq8taIOyGb8YmYmZjcnoTZxA6reXoRRay10dwoLcqAdyw5Ha5V48lzwDfXHBcQLY4CT9fLs/M/r0s+ac7DH4mmvyEc+Sr3+28hIBcnHWI4Cvgi26v6LSkLCCGKhKQJspijGsOPld2Rx297cyyO3XI00WCKkeb0jwzIeiIqYg1Tkahymk6oSVoTrS8J1aj/BmwNO+tiEgJiAEDO/vre3SjjSGdOlWTsiFkui59e3X59ePxegajvq0aRRww07BT9zapNv7ORnCIb86tvmlMjtrLEqGgDkZk54b9QyrD+RwWkzsKkmqO5NlszhOgUrRoSon3Y3xyrag2OCvNofuhlCj6BZZKVKkOUOSjXnTkz8b3cnLqCut9fXFx+GNCrplwrklbQEKbF610CRsFPH6JA4ONjsarNq1uIiBGFrKt0dONe3v2w6G4AORBnK64QlDjVytAdzDEfPaw5QmZ6kzIcjgScirMcFyDMGlxYE/JFprE/UPWm1StKSSH3dLyILeUYZnLoFphdeqD5elFtjRRVS6wECDR3kr0KBlpq+ZAn8HFlzMYUcHnXlWQXgITNR3kYkJHYMMC5V5z2u4BCc6xDKtcccmwLN7O2JtFl1GJYkTl9Vl6r6CjKmao5zSkoDSQUBsxgY+LQGHBdB/dzBDy0hx2nUkwcBAOrEQcfeg1+rdJSrU55S5YitqdCcs+yc83pDgCpUwwtunOyRHbHOM8a0ppMck08yFFXVNnpH1kFepFCmuZWh7/fPPzYSSuI6J0OmZyECy0sq8MblaSLMF/94zuszKy8b4DdkIk125ttHVXsRZog2B6uqzmEc0uV4NZw3HBkTsSUld9p407sID0YGsDx7KBkmypX0LRjyRaaSkG0WxUOiwtJ3j116537X8+Xv77hI+UpoIyGejjP+2qoQuDhZiCsPGFZ4f7i+uJyREmm0N8Q8LDVqDER29sv3iUSE9zoQQR1N3PmYmQVz6oFlRfXbC/wUF437jtMkm8NSDz+D2i9Tet4wRQ07aBiViZ0wVIG6tMxLODRM03TJj+fPT483J69+/xy8aIU4DF0PTajcLQrrkLwNVWzYinpLxc/v3198Yajy0fWeOMb0I+MHBjlCLtFtTWUm5bH064u5lr0ieBIucF3JKsB22vgDoF2PlH9jQFJVVfAs9RGr3DJEcb5FMtFs3CuYR7LeVF7ybNm5Waf/nB2c3198ffl8vzL0wwH9EHTozc0sY7ndCQl5WdTJww1lD7enZyc3N97YTBtp5I2H0zQiFq+FdtbVFtDflJxjGGhS4+kwe1sHYJyw2agssANmUmTZFdyOuLbbleJyodi3WmbL4QelDzNmpGFZy1rXM57LpFVR5BKTHNSf3l2+/Cw/Ofy8fbs38xdWXeiyhqFAgpRiKhoUERRBkVRYxTpwQznJh3T6ZhO0ukMthk73X3ST3f1/3+4TCrgebs5a5lHJbhW7frq+75du3aNh7TdlhTmHTpakWUVeFLSqphiaxBLb1/ZgDxuOQkFqwxEycvjNiAedYXRdnaJCEkdN1nFLEdJE8fyIcBuYa5rI4RqQyxD+O8Ks18TkJlNu91yCxs6jCxXOC+n1FYpsgtoKDUSZ7Vg0cW5969hRn9NG00OD+/vx1eXd4dvYjYKRtcjtQDQXEp4JnKo9+0KABxcj79dj38CLA7tuV9PudwiQnbyMyMHpC6zHLlkuTwU/8H1tyXOdxYdyycXHoy3lJlDsBMka6sNyMzYlQKcKHUFGHFX0nqtNNU2QlUr7VKJaGphogiIkmg5dBbZaqPA2n8ZjQ/HNw9Pxz4gnqaUlESLWEhJ7ZHnZFbl32xdnb779f3jgZNTIC2ZbehYncwAsce5MjAH0QKYZFmzs0S/JzVWnrFbWD3lu6Ug2YK56X/67wTJqwEyPxFFkZJZA5qQDjPtkiPQjZeFACCOKtEZe1S25s/5tLDzFnt1AwiNvDm+exofj8v2Woe2St5deTLjX9LmA2JXWfyg2efVWnH/9vT09sgRw9tj6sityXLA0Rdm6mwqwiKSilXr6YmlA2+0YZYzfuXMzL6GaeeGPji/D25tVQGZa6ipCptKOAcHK6Hej5Fd5ailLz6FjicA8BiRWfHEiS3/kC05GKDO7jpeejk8PHz45OQeVHIB4UwDC+myWLfsrTvDb5yNLi52tmTK4xYbTYvshyyWYcUwO6EkTvbqiKMMXmYWiz2d9jp4dhFWsCqYlv+C5Os37sjrZnOKsJpO4sVVIXAsirDMkseqa8xMV01lxbxPEqJC2ee9Suac4iK7kgNIRlC44V+fBe9BaYABrNTUIkI5NgftXAvT9kg9/9672PtxduCXUxnLNCQhPPuhZuaDRD3W5NwHC0vW2LBiv9FuGrEOE/wqY/Vmdjavfx8c8lrZ3LXmo9KCp8XFs8L8KAdIGuKsjOIUX9NO9s3yLCxQt5oFFC0HVKJE20B9Jwc7TMAckITMJqglQDC+rBg5aDU//f66t7d9NiQWmpNnPXJOGibyvdqCRYTDnDvxZUVb3sl1FdywLRPhRlEXrfRMc/q698EhrxIevk07wSm+WwleEer+0MdVVk/Pit2siboYVfLKwg8LbbVJAEhNDKpEiXZhHev3+kFBClqSLLFFBmuFjGMcwFbpt8fTyVYX0uLWl/Pz2z2LWPR5xoZERxhD2DELc6I+6YlOYKZrLj3oEsgW380Tkf3dsulfPuZ4c8BXxOT/B2R25AOATEns+LkWpBtFFwQ80xbbCymWY1hN4YSmBKlEdDDA8LTUKwZ7FGJTSDeUkL4UrA9EsRiqFShOhViWoX9Op3eT+60qhoijb1snRqABJNoKI0fnPuZcsOf1fjAx9NcfTGVS/xAkHVEoGPHoYVE7oCz/8jFMf6utDiDxNOk5iVKqLlfnR6EyLt0LQDbMqqeHBLDHXrGCfgxoV4KqLM8lWziKArsE68lCMnQSF2SVZhUNHV23RKWTrMrt0fTh5mkyGUCE4J6fa/HAqBKlAi8tOTlApC0aWQc3SJuz5IElB3NlbxA8fUPPLIkgYF8p5Nw2Ef31UloVQNZQzdPw4LDMSotZD7CGXafiWIc1gvQ7hQwhUHU9fA4a7RsS252vTWuIxuHrSX13M46HRz9lSsFbwdBEi9m0u29LN16mNzc3d9MUAjHOfHskBBpyYiBAUmN0bfmcAuMY/MJsb57NIckxci26bGGJ1LCRi1LACJnV2b7zQ+iHnVWJkDW7bpIdQFyhZ0CLC+KFLopWCkxYrE7BHl1mBzCitu6aKW7Os6DS59H5p828mVrz3+X8kB1XBlMPSuoAUBtChUiqushqH+/vbh6mx5a9uJ9s/9j6OlTnw09IgnMmwVAGfES6lew6Br+YqgQuVSBdZXCU7DWMwuzit1CU9V26eO39eXVFAEEJkGWcA7IWa4RJdWAMUI1pVCJKRcKU5XpY3YtTRdFc2Gig1ujh8unu3Oj7FTKghE8/DZCTBXqtvZDU4WRZ+bm/v6GmK9JGi7m6n04nH5Kwsr/dFJ5HJ2J3JiXFWg2XW6yl5DCH6xv8YhybCO1cLVk+wGq+CB1mMYoIguUKbDcdu/gDVwWQOODFJJopsFaUVC/pElOO0O8AL27oiQjTDlspYeFSBmLvbh5vrx4eWhzrA/LuejJ5fJtqQxS1upS/pYvyDebo9/X1436Vz5kppnlytv2GhlDd+sUVuaPveXmmwMaMgqckrbaUUiQVkAl7xduU+ci59RJrJMgg+65rJJZrKP3l7d3MJqMjO3voykRIHGsmHZFolGlfbz/nc5EPAdZSxGJkdyqb0un6gmcB6MebL9dX3x42VK9lWVeO7cn/32MRxXFq9/v73YrLZqmsJJ9enW79vmYxTSx25UZZjdsJgTs90Drchz2rYoiecQA0DNKnp2qMHDUYQDjdVDLRpaius9oimjy7ISzdYfXqcm6nldH016r0IetUHO3pYgeJbkRR1i5DL12TyuZz+WJ4T9yR6KKqzs8fjR3dPX25fXwqqKILSOzv+8lkOp0exShgvly9vHxO2BmqLVqx58ez0Wh0+U7tNSoJTXZpWEif/N3imO0PPJn2mVlY8AHxONzoLMd4fcOIah4h3Q1YPkCV9XZUskavDJeCJP1pct1eFUDioNJUsvFIeOAZgREKyUh8bJpthChs4kElQ0Hh4gDPyvM7WlDyYHw3vjz+geVE98nYqQ3IZHJ/EkOLF1+2fpx/MwEiMFrz4vHwtwPIe7GTSSb4rGFuOuMjne98Pf1eJu1xrzZMy04GDWnRJSYX/Pl82WrLrKIuuf5yKXb2oZ32vU4F8jVRjlo2I1Tt9ub4J74iVZYl7nbiEe8xkFOEjBZiFyl7EBWVAKTUxoPi3jxvL2t4NVUB83815D/jq/c5PNtzIyz25346OZxO/hOL6TtnO+cX346yYoN+8/Lx8+Phy87V5a8sSZAZPsHXenmnXCo+fxhyPjNr9Rp8EBAHJaFXDM/wUoEuDUtL0t7EwOx6kYNxYnq2o+KCHH4wLt0eDHV0JQCJFVlVKBNhPJyLvMI+7a43iZsniIE0zyFExxf34hWfw3KMlO23wWoFA4A+YPL2qpc9snPI/f1tGqwZO+Pj46fL981yvDvatzrm493T+ChNOn9YOsFX/8fctbWlqkVRuSdqIkgJhJriDUlTM7MSs9qRqaWZqZmltXeWT+fb///hgHgBPOddHvlWPTiYa6455lhjJnJxLQrIVbVNh4U4e4y4HeTyB6eyScl4rMKC0v9Ie728SydVorzBHaKg4m5aChI/wvbuZmxZW5gNDvrNgJBhQf15YZozmI1hR/nsrPDTKMMFC8Xxc3Ev6NMBAUlR2IFBEEc095l8o9FQwul84atdH5VVHAHnn9eX+svrFQ1B4WZezd3VVoVFMf2B3D6nM5W0+pi4M/nzlFSR/544VznaJXhXAYFJQU3ae5AMUGt3RKRkgNQYRgEzMYu5PeNS+LDFbQy5CCJwgMWMN5fjuVmzQq0UV3Svg1tQiQvXJXDmj2E3CKs1ba/A2EAQyd5c+lFwbzAqlZ4HJ047XMh5tHvt8P7nm9YaeXKTmFQ6ie5l5U4UxxYPTl8UaxxPWKSHaDxXe7z/fSrXDFJqf9K/DBKM88+lvQy9VqNHcwmaQgMeE7dIZXOswZ8AmJRSmwMIBu4lsFXxTAVzUZ3udTALuheJC6INMHnKgKi2ra2Ow3wIBtFA7kj7Fxc/z8/jie3mo10u9frnW9pRGNZngl0Np2NFKdM2ZKfymPScTRNGPCrlq07pIphPmax7UTfb+ctEvTey4aqtmqY9CztZjEnNpb3MklM3MPVcLr2fSiAW1sUj7C1PZrt3Ze/GAAIjYMQFLfmSiCcx92gAKUa/MQu7M3x6WZDguoWJkzHOJwRngkadhdzNlLplpd0VJx/tn0G7d7htoK4q3Z/On2kVwjAw8DQdDu+i0BIRYPIoeAvFsjcqMBHD2RQlPZ1fCTYgKSxq8tbgU7pmFAsfUfNTcZZn14OkwDMsi1u9GlP8wUIvvH2mkBsDCICATh5aDHBOCZkFHwhijE737iQ8RobWqxZ4WIyQkC2D8SUoeKOEOKMmtw67LVmRn2tSoz/+6Q6l7VXNslMb9Hr1uprGEcTH1R4+O98n9BwPBLkvBmIxfymvnqOEAAkZvvHPChsUJ7J5MiuqeS5rvz5CLDu6GB0m0uSa5JS5SKzxWFjE4yrob7eeZHhzAMHtVBLVt6sQ51lJ40A7M6N7LcJqrUPlDhIxgD6Kwsv324SHmEfR1uG4JctyY1Lo9Bu99mSprYahIyLwq37bHzd/25F42H/cee71nn/NkzqCnz1k41GulKB87oAgLuXu6H7w5unh96/mvYWKgvbZmbYXEWLGL19g6bXZ7K4kF1kzS6H8gs7fA/LfrQ2KEBw/982kcQWX5NtP6DUAACAASURBVDZaynAZGHCKrqipXlfryEgi4bTn/rTKtYUvGUznhYV2cTet9JqtbuOLEa8rRX7ZEIH3RVccPO1OH6sl2ZsKi0fXjaastNsFLTq0LetcriX46pMD8jnICONKz/ce1MkFwmdX1VNBfQX9h7YXNw01xiKJ5Z8uY0w8ULGzBgk6W0pBkLtZ2RxAdnEcztOaYFpyFcyWMtKxPeoyj1WbzSck/LYtoVv/6NdP9aHceNZzGFtFFq/03l7fhpcQE1peDtHm40lOJHRfkkvyn+GNJ18pj95ailJqhBEAQbQmsmPyp9OpsnYMonzkfopg9YpcBSQNR/wFjFI/fuvdaVokUihvMmGEyBTBhTBzBz2GBv6D7J0tpe3eZnFzANnGEZjwaq66XMhMXQF+ViLS1tmQvsRFGgRsV/X2cNrvamdhwM26vJ4Cbhgf2bod9XrDcGLVf7QHLtRShYLuWt/fynRAHMuN6ei9X5bb44KP/5p4HHbMTkrnQgzU9i/U5yMX/CAa4tIYhCCoRrYTMTMBD7mzBHdIW0l5jigY+HfU6dHIXnad7EWhCCdEC82vDQLEjsCJmGaFYeUXdzOHa3QvoCZSYR8GIuWP6WDQ7WfUAjJCiM5dLrsoLsHtrYN2o1UuPVfZRSEDk8RnSal6EJiVh+X2x/fBTaP02HrRNKZF3+Tsq3Z26FZjRGv96hkFJR1kyM8fqEdTTbmOLbKGJu7FLJpR7veRtZfoSAncirJCQxqrBZHZNRpsJi6dNIfnmwWIdOAJ7+BWYXX6nLDQvSAS5Av7LhqGETVCpsN+1wnjKf4IBQFxoWoHyMOn8cu0rJYgsqRrh0DAy392W822cgBAXGXanASE78ajIg9uu/IXHayGC7HzhwMYMz4Q6nM44h4iAkE0swBEI9vDVosAjM4lOcvQERSNaJbLy8pe0ISkqI0Wc+k1+h3xN9+vN0gGBCJA4uLYbaV7baJLlMyzOmGHKxyy2zTX5G2h+/ZRr9dgiiEiKpSaZndevdQao/7rbbPcfC7OAIGBkCgwP63HTrl9ioDeQyFK2UN39R/5cTAlaFvk7j7qjWSKeQAzP6jb4Qsd51MQze0ZZifsB3MZt7kdyMcYPmrN2AbfWJSeqyBQUq1J1iSn4MnoRYlsDCAwJSYJzIIHSAuc22u+FQVH88c2ELQxUViNH89jr3Vio3lOc+7VdEA6IFvS+KOpfLzXex/lLKeuBFLVdrvoGiudTmdacRzl0yiO22Lhcr3Rbdz5QP7+p3VzHJGuBSsgGGbzhRxRPhE1ADKbm2d2+EV3BCcZyEvuNfuZBf+ORvLUkitmcnsW7IDL5sW3uDGAoASTDVv4dyyQP0KAHaPHPggd5OK4xpno8iDcRlJQIDmnT4BMENLVXHf9H1lR6t3y3Z6N2wN2A8qo+/zW7v00G6PRNStEMIS6bA2U6tN4UKPh46v7s+H3yfFXMWa34oFLd/cPfEg8J8yfv6YPXTj8UpQN8hJOlKJd6y0RUo2vGUzRHGYge/OiOUh2f7Wc4OYI5WAaowUL3cvwNKzdrTXQvSGX3oMCUSkAzAWmCd650gFpahJkj/hqD2Wl/DxB8ZmyC74bDZ9f399vX15f31+nSTeC0I+jRn80eIgHcwX7yXfx7nM4+Hst6dkcUZP4HA+7WDnNTaoXaOq3aN1mCklxf2ap8XWxB8VdWsCQx8mM1chBHx2mLheMVFYobCpcbNsPLfsG5RAAsTuSiDFze3kR1Q30l3QvEuPnYms7FJzdodLYXnEpYQfSLKoiFMxH6M9Gq9RrqWUJaGPTqCiP2y8vt69v//zz/lpvXKpHiOtB8XwyHMmJf5m7su/i9ShKJhVUkChVUyUpqmlQJWKKGKMlSqqtzjW1T9/6/v+Hm6CK3vt2HzzqWlbXynZ+57d39tlH765MOjczkeOLrH0paTmTk9HRgrgbq60jnB51KDyUsuBbVM+sZZjQnSbXFi7pxQk2z/Lddpzao6mEXXe+IfYiWpLAmnEI+Mjv7RYgi3iGbyXdl0pDazHUWi3Yz7yrESmDb25qR+LJH+ph1J94EONxyObS6xlx2KuH1Eav1pInFMj2rh618vjz2Hh8HQjHRocsZEo56aqbshV618+N19uh0iEWeKDhdjH/pHggGLaacd4bDuOxtp+O4L4ks10kas+eCj7Cz7UCSyc7aIp6/dtqL3iS9FCMe4tPOjFstWUMcSjKLgFyAKNAzrS67BIhy7KVA7BtLvcCRsoW+fFswcyhfq72rnd8iHab0t6AdnXWg/HY3JoNuSwpn+NSabw8qGD8eXy+arxKdqNLrtTYlPRcZ5WnvtxQy+bqzbtkH0D2U1ZuBjfHcLpWnfSnJxRd6sRKpxRCf4cErD3U1HhK0VSpg50th6ARJO31/CoSk9sbisLbFD3gvfw2BBOF5k4BgqKA1/mt/52Tge8bFwDM08YgxE/61iyhcMK9D59gsY0JRAgPecjwEkj9XAaGzIelUbkyyvXVh/768vL4/Px4F9LDeiGfnVQ/XzPsZ6Hfu2/c9Z6KzLKhg4XeJB7j33ms025J9ULNxgqCIEosDdpjFv/mvCdINCsXNDHiTlNxfOWgjmDn1u2x0ESJ/LUH0RDGlgZuQ7rI7RYgMGCjF3qTKYbRP9z8IOKfz/Zb8HUnFpoOgQFscwkYADGliGvTHkSHIuXP4bAn+Cfy4Orx/vr58TmLoAb0YiwXh70WyN4Nhu+vz3XxJr8khTAsFwNn7tpbry76jqlJvcN12kollxFq57FoCPNQ4MYbkWS/lUtWstVOq3zo+NYbL36rvY6IF0tsS4sG1xl5qRF3+DI/2SVA9o0o4EnMNSjaFl13JR5EGaPxBIvaNy2meM4TITaWgOlBhixZN4RJxIclKOW9INZ7GdTCS3z3adCrurSjCUpPK1XPnk5qPDw/PD7P2sWxW/0XGiJ7ha9aLZN9KuZ5Ooy7xbiH5fgjgjhtclUpm4pg/nXjInJYeOo+iVWJ9ZSk1WA0TKlFsnlsudwXCcxDgNthKbQtRCMI6pbZXQJkTwUk4FssVtsMbtAHGNMZdr6pqQDoGXup20xDDnpCfnKd6+u1qNL98OcwX+g/CZ5I2mhPSlmLCYDV7xuAff2+HojV3+5VQAY3N/WOJOWcKi9Encr9TOLrX3xhxhDHpY9Y6LDVMoedkWIlejjqxC/WZVwEl7iJNFYE1kdRZRb8b7XXFKJhyoMldOC/7BML6slP204Boj6li0NA2+5Fbe7gPGAiFvdWbgNkjaZIw+bQhxbIayd/ZBYAOsECDgpj5e6NXOyNk7R6iYWsDgg16uiEWa0FWD2dSnJfkeVBdVpQCoNhvh+FjHvZQqde/HotTsWnbIj94L1pR6mTJswZOWl24tWR4yf7VWV4pMAcH1tmIuvBnWx5PaaU2lR7TRiOqDCRnt/T7EfqHcb7Fd8pQCDYeBKBzslL+5bSDhyyvq39nRCFxU7IdaEFMvjIBKh3JFdeUj0aINMoWfga3t7mi3fvLfP8Touq7QOvdfhsYEH7SHkmtEXZ3WpO5bZUnSkMMX3r9aXWzf21rKjN46OdpGD4qCOxNWUcI3BiknG5zMwqy8Fekwgav+TFMha7aJHIltp7uHJbI0GvE9FCSj1k+tdrQ/Ol9F437xQgKhFROR5Jw9txPp5T2yZGgDHuTYBBcm25MGCPhJxqlSCnSy8ppKfZiNmIXT80bgf3T2/DTi6xpN6Qo9bmpHaF1vr3Ad7ujsefItNnq0oAK7EFju/zXFvJcMO/SsFyjJWjLu1F4oXacaZckjoOVCI6l8mlZTmA2tHn8PIJisAqE76abUu/Xon8qL1IMLXYLebye6O/XCmI5b2R2i1ADECa9ZiMW/I7Rcb8m9kBkD1kIVAoiP10fgD3nmnTJUY4tbAu6oPZbrcdOH96eWg03gezcsCFk267+mRhneXv9bAzaYkkaICPcxL/t5gXLohZkhfT2Mj70SxM3eXRTf6mzxx2pgx2hMDzm1eQInRkpTXlpi4DaA26zCqFIDm+RuAdLsUKZaI2qY1Gh/Zt+hFPLrNSdOaca0kBnRFveLtG4MqfewHZIUAOYOaU1W3BAV8kE6gzElzfxoJ7Y1q+n8m20hzne8EWHtIUsVDouUF+3P3Lv6q0o/FwxYPqSaUyM/XsQXL5/ofc46diDoGdvFzMF2rxUoXPC9Oil01lRK6diyQz9WfRjeOTWerbjaL2HxTVxdmaO6h90jzANF/nsmKHSE8EfoQbMSboIkLerWV6iAPHMOf8b84c+BN3fXpm3VKFhW6Eo3YIkL0oSZQcm3g43CShbfE0QyAVXE5Mx1NHhrltdLVG0hrCVupikpqrLexnsf0h5nt3D42rxsu1Za6pI/5c3IDPOkwuky9yHx4Dwsof7XaxXuw1p8qb0uvN2vVypJ9jbKH6gMXxkHxbl2j4R/iFDdpPeek4tcb6E+wy1mcNrmDQqgPJE7WB25nTy20B3nS2iNYIr4m9DueWUx487it70MEOAbJvRoyp9a1Q8y1qaskALovZVhh8SZpN1BRZOuMAuxtfxGOuB2Tovbj2PSxTVJof7fzX2+3D48tjE1k+VIJ0B4o52p37+6ZMg7CVywtCc3hdEAvZM6XJ9WdC0qqTxhlW7Ap9lu3eceWxGP5xNcIwvIIHREttD2OJStxSD1nmiVOkjdhWe+mUFq1xsu7s1TJVfGvQGXDlf1VO/o8jCzViayu+AJBJnUMLdfH06304uBf0Ri2lF/hObtJmqADQlzr67vUweoCFAfAiRafH+WZTlCvd3nujcWNePVJHrJyfhNMBRc6ZDLC1+g9zV9adqLpEFQQCaIMCxkgwKKBiEHHAeYyoV+xo2tYeTlbuOt1OOa/9/x8uOEXx3HfzFjRf1mLzVdW3a7Or0ak1fw37xXKTNUeAFZQgBGPW1qGirU2mrz82dJyd1uEjIAQd94JHiaO48MVLQreyrWxhYj/jE8YVPec0Core5ROhnP+8DU+LJ7QwkhmY1wXIJwxD5RMVT1QWd7whgMmrby+Nxusrn+OO76UDVDjjBoDox6w1V+kuS/jjUVaMod5yYzD/0k1s/vnaMOiTnhOmvjc0ttoSUftRFwbz7tvLus+qq3KnDOyefsjjteJeSVv23pV4SVpUrVrANvyAMLpsTHoKfBQBTwx/qtwcZXHbIAXnDjbLcIJLOUkrMKOneCfZGwrnC4cuPBR5ebouQG4sQMIF4HCsuBfDh3OGW/7y3QLky3NV+LDwA1zpwi0WF5W9ntETyFcmRr+tiCkKDIBRbTgz+TSp8jkUO+3/AbnV28ugjNsXIWK5GnwdkPU6N1hM26UodsjfYJKUlWqrTdP8fOmCIBediVP4k+lXyrXMYSlPetLtdpeSKNDbVwSPqgfQK5Ml4sLyoS44iSwwwR2kjBj7pl8ZICiEFvn9KSLEi4kjvehOzb69NV6ev+knZ3MALqpg8cTJQTGqy3KtpmUgKuACMYBggrJgu2E5OrIAoZk+EN3nhBKrdav13uDXy2Jd1WL7fgihciqEpefT5eP4PYEhAc60alvBvIsFgz3tGLRs0+YcFfAqohpCYuRHkga39g7Ocot8VGIXrMmduOudYL6vypUBAkBojt3laUmQT9oct2G98fz992fjlEoEENXPCvvKF/AArnZFW26Gc8Eqf+yggtoUvgtCLn8wgPanYvvsjLohcWwVZN3eXZpcP24BQWP2RG8EQvlFq9lRrLJK7mhs3Zz0eEaKbZ7Aj6U8Hsw6JRIlkg0G/cFTHw5pNzzs9JUfNiz7Es6B7a7cjj1G9R/x6wMk7vfs1NCRU2G1W8mxs6+tzRmR6wHZ9n5OG3CLuNxIu7KsToZdmaLsG4bhYTIB/RseuzvuO35o7RJRKI3Ka3M0GllBC4LiPnYbvNCbxLqqICgC9spMkMmPa/WgxFf8oEMnFMADQdannBvMgYGIw06WEEpE8Wzu29Hft0CAgPYbvjJA3AgqcR7bkElInikV3RH+wYrTN2d4UEpb3sveIeVpzTGqMRxPahsugdqcIe2XGez/4GHB5VJFnjhkDMB9Gx3PeuXenxoOYbAqZmHbBsfNaKNqZSQwGDJ5lGhGMDeVijHv3juXBSk8hD+I7fPZCTCYFPzxE26RIK3fkqdz3w7yd1vv6376fXNtgEBotO6xSVv8nNr9ZFuYuM+p9qCfTcu3O2zE7qz7vo5UZ51KP+7fiDCAFMRiALvAAThKRC3EBEE6fgNyzYcKnRrOcABn/XGrpmLiNDd8G4zKnb74gDz17r3xzTpjNruVST9wsTAcCFGqzpXOWx1gNPIx483lCtiHeDDKi2mnxayt7FWMX1cIiKtN8WLm3EcD8CTzOnN+CSiIKrx3+QOYcbdidgZm5CEVuS+/N14qibCQBC+3B1bs99NWpMLct9Zf4kUrcR/CVmxY1ertUYdmfKyVXkC5/1SbLsxKR1ivs35ZrZjlnsGrvboaVybpy6VhgsjIaTF8fqthV1zwHe1kA492TNvOfZMu3hwpNv+aXxsg1skQapMCgzpmEUZE9u6M4/LAd6QEuZPk9pueyKpimt0vJogQnv5L80/zx+B9VLqMV5g2NIzhEkKZpbHOIRgcJ+8O24gyyikhtazwYoSAEFTZyKn5eM0qtXW/x0TDnFzfLFWArD4wUrDa/pdQCBGyHKNlLul4+L08p+4bUqE2vvfQ4PWIUwIBiz//Kl8ZIJ8wNKGlYMdwg5DgZyT5lO71BLlwaCt33x5UPKXZxHhfTcsIBUmz5nDY+s/nVqsTAZyZXB1qWbW9yCY788lslbIueVMcvUMEzde0lFYzd9wu3CeD6sqc9DPrSmUTRakSx8YIyC33ioxEV8R/2Xy2PzYe8qp60enkECeFXbHrbVMfFrO+mMNiVpr++Ln4dF2AwIouxh22PzSnUB4vGToBRNVztljOE/TtGiJYtTWYrRZpBARK09Ww+fzf75NZo+fMIe7lpEDTD8bT8t2fUzsdK1dDVE4v7mKbS590OhUxhtgMPf6kMPJrp1rZjJvDtHUBjAlkDMPo0ZpXnwzpcn9IVrRCbKE8TZLOlog3nN8OkZY+yF5XVHk8tyVHSq1eRrmuHXKTuMPZzBkgSFYvYSgQEI/8u+2swexs4RlhBxPkm81XNcEqRqHQ+KXRev78pdd7n7IXgNQKyeSD0auY0j3dbia2nwdJwWa6QMQKJBrr2t/f5SNttqaj8vR5we+ISSqi5xD0YTSZmNnLgFXSs/A2t0dxr6JnnLa9JT2Mw64kdxLOiHhePvVxQNQ37ebTlQGCgRCfPQUkJG9lcACc935YmLB7GYMFyPbwiPvr+kZL2scPCFi+vrb+/jms9oYdTQmdhRY0O2xnSo9D0qjQ9/RyagNiFchEOJ9kHqtrvvCYO5C5WGGznFfH81mrWzpGPppjcYhKZIgLOKiifuDoKdy2SmG9jgwREziaSpBn+cXmGz98HCD+u3BtSf0GhbATS3db3Luns7D83r8BzHzYvW5F2AAU5+rDVqM1q24EL6WIeqW7GHSM4R+RsIoZBDpL6t1arbtEtHm9kFoYXgyDKdhCJbFcdHuTgSHZwtHorj+YWbZ6kVyx3PsgJiFcFq3a7TJ/2GzmcTfCIbtLdWncqz4WVeE84VvxUjn6OECp37mrA8QDYSX5eNyg1HzJc9LlsDeDcmL36vHeSW5XhEsYrXHnn79bk3HZDj8AgGiD778WRRQs5jPUGSLZ5TICoUFzOpt3CxAikZqfsWJZeaVnUr2uF4r3DZPzbhEB+xMlJxjtk+oZAgtcNuQABLKCnnz6X0ACDwWyed6xSUBJ1IUL90w/eUAOEz7/j7kz+07byuM4Wi5akEGABDKLWbQgMBbYrtltIxuIEQnUWxo7Hje2MTgnTdrJmZkknUl6mnR6JnOaND1pe/rnzhWLWeJ56wN6EVz78PD76Lfc7/3pXmH2gBAon0TQ/mVZ8LuGn5Elj3kTwkuW4RCK4m6Nx5YTAlcpdKuXh/pqpyUCU1THVi8vLw4qKZRSJR8zQQTH4aNMOeK5NZiis5WWUTQU3FVoOINx7SDpqehbje1avxrgG8V8cUs2HQRAH+39DAWNP+l1wJINLkzPSQSbm2NFddJJrA6ppE0dE2buJpvpOwlROrXPHBCEQIDsReDlxV2y4O197H1lLHBIkB326yF4oZEoLyCIw7+07A9KzoVkkoF/BgSv652GcQFnC5Qtzt4wQwQoYoIpGKFoJt+lQKHoDCcWn2rB+gLPl/VltD+xSAaXHCYPGpOzAww0DIop99i+KEI4GKA+nSVGXNCZp82fiLPTndoWghtuO9s9ImcSSLZna8CrrjHTez0MgsmcBRm/vJgSEHCKpnxlaa3TKc/H5xkEh0Cy20ahUGhuwRkeIJalBRd1k5wFeF2UOTlY8QidvY5/dfvqs26eUbhkM44PsfVWrIBLqhoFZz8swaDK+njqeokq7uTpG34c5nZHlp2fPKUtvmJLSNqUbIIJS9JCBLMK+f0ZBAIQKktBW7tVDpswPs/bFBl4J8YsXIpHaBpFGLGcbjRKolMjcBMI32o2oIeUKPNJpzln3DMwIMARZCRfRXXJI8uL+SUxkW619CorGXqM56XmAomOGxkN6ltrXd05eDuXYvxslugtbwGF9bnoG9VL6CQOczOB8RWpuayptc/LU4IXFnCKKhFpbs4eEC+BUAEMQRmFQSd8gYwoSgSZvCKKR+Zx81wQxBKYT4STyawF6QEhpO168/BWpaSacYaGwSPVMyCMN6tx5rqMBd2KqEmt/NwKAVbERBSHc5P8arrYCCczzFhfg61S4zzqljHM3LQ1xCZtFLwvS5r1/wnKpgIsrLBxfiTAm61YGO9nQ1O9vQSTlJaZq+0ZBAI9RLHQnOrumRy6TJ+HJesPW8cGzPzhYAQqGjMR4IiV8xCUxUr1vkALueKd5u6tg8NKrF8wpeCDDA3IdJvFZjUwtDXgOq28XgxG4eSjl1RoW/ngoNJJ19q1NDdKEwHdz6kcW7zWhoF58J2KC/455YYiGDXTWC/zCBGXnJBC1qH5F+VeHg+x/k+2j88G13eN2QNipxGUg6miF5rsZHejH6PUdKOwlYIQauv2AQ9r4LJJUhiv2GAUYmI83RvFB0AAzRkbxYq+0Xb0mw498TmZRtr1UkLSC9eqI8Vn0o3cHEcNB2gik0uztflsqF2+7jQBrkqO83BdY6w4oF3anF/0R2/ggYTKogXHUCRqQ6w2IRIatVaXmWELthSbbluUn55sziQQPMCJn7eh3b3qF43FHphIu5rLFXIwYWvlQRZhYtE5EadwyhbwELIioD0W+BAIQcn6gZE3Do1+6AFAyARTQjGncFxwe1QVUaG23izqa46hXQFl8+fTPMNo3ZFehbJ6o1zQ58fFSoBlaiUOvSFSGW+/e3W4TKaKv/1mRC2CIMjzg+Zeoewa5nHzKLipaks7vf3nNr//KSfsoBSXisr767C6JSvHDGlGKW+ykFss1RpZby9kmf8WURwoaadwc8CT4sx3ie0TQGhP6ykEsleIDNc7rAo7V08HFGX+IDRM8W7/qlH0Z2rN+MiyMK4Vwh4+1VHHjO9rVBpJ6wQPLbiSCWb7tfCwHDM/lr/78P7nR4eFO9++/PWXC0uvB1jrN/dGSyMF2CNOvc2OZY/arfTMAXHLUV62V28nSYQ8umrdJ+XNw82Tje7+yc7ecRht3CO53Yunx3eTKLFxabfHNnaOd+Ny5e7xedU7DgS4yxsXlYO94eo3ADSIJA6ampo1ihZYDbutNB2V5kN1SZYDhY5tlMMpf6fsVxdrjpGQOy8lPMLEbMbhD8qENbbqMxM9UPKHxkDyArdevnjxr58/fvzqn09+/+OVr98DzLFmL6O8Nr5N6XJpYdJDdhiUnjkgFIELHJk8qpCkdJJsHpHc+UlxtXFn5+Jq5xsfmj8llbMTnf1inwG762Ts7E6ulo+BejdR2Nkix4AQdDR3tbddsvWfYEGqNvwOwG48NZoXPormuvXD7Wp32ZqqJznVs1Udm0vQzGKj0KqujFZRcu1SrjSxasuwYk9BYUTJQxCZuz8+erIv9rqHwbs3JpDHf3v2/ddP/vilhpn7AEeE3nluijQhZMnS+JIIFj+2z14OMYsoh0JSG/cZ8taZTT/HfQ8e2sna8V63UDeB3CZjd9ddcICjdjfhrezBUFj1apq693ACCJwIqJlBGgCRzkXB2E47KK1Y78YAJVebhr6+f8ViTHFLVZcq7fHHH7gyUroWdg/5pOdkPpBLjOYvBLcWtvab4YnltZBj49H75+8fXQpmvwrQH/304sWbbz88+/v3Xz35z6uKqQK7bRFXYM2vOScTuZBcXBmpvelTcjaBWGIImXsQtO5UkeYRt3QGq/P2ueEXfV+aHoL4j4okMvelCoF4m7dl3Jx5dO/tnHxzbwoIMZKcEnVRltO6hgJHnOUBmGu228HyQV6XrWy9mmtVspPZGQY4hnVGe5SoldoKw/NsegiEcoTTMWh7IpLSZIyWg+zHD8+fP//wdslLCAKRevv6zcuPr9//8OzZ48f//vX1JgMIzOKKuJh4iZ3eqT9g6vSDoyUbd2YUCBFDSfVOsXAaQrYfYPJZkyTL505SFk0gO7zvXpH0iiaQdXf9yGJHvHbfSUtb/vzIi0wBGZrX3W55FC5cdNLmPjI1MVi/3MrB9JFrigDzV1s59YZqyZpczZpddlS2pjEMHywNgFBc5S+XqxFAhw6++/FdyUK7nR/fQCBv7n/mXm3pa0zoYv9W5d3v77/+6z8+vPjvT69r5kukFOYQHGL5EwWYiUuxPiVX5eGMAgEBgJAXZ6eHHvnqnOQgEPvKgxb9P+au7C2p7gufgcMZ8cDhHAYB4zAcIQEJVEAqZ1NRSzK16asvNOsBB8o0cS4z0/warKxufvWf/vYG8XFAvfGCfeHjiA/r3Wvttdb77nWU1LSPucajzgAAIABJREFUjP9DKgAQCgCCDQzIwa5WDJOw6D2Fqr37mMdVaElAkJqWiNtgbjHTJFE73n371mBTd2tA1xZssUDhYr7PWKLVpdgqZRCDTFdrQlZ7tKqQPzPWh7l0OneTNrxIf9peWvGCGmZsch0kVqmqZ7vppTdxxGiswII7X5b/Sc9vbW0txY3gDAv5Qw6h0qzViEd1i2p9wObPOwnblixHQGCzVlGjlLNrOipybb3AV9pAwhXvfTY4PG32tHVRtU+Ay2inFfnfhxT77HEqnrLW9l67ef1eL6KwGFoCEJKItDy97O2JgQJQ7I93pJJjg8lUY3dbY7tEnrEY2atRcIK2No82j+qQQtPEPZj7BNxh1+9b+bS4OJ++CQ736lu57OZQy4eJbPrb9ooW5l1YZPRq7MvHra2PX56itPvp319/O62uAGu3VR17RgXp1umskHe/3lKOgICCkBF5tIJoaapUG4P9Rrl91IgamcTA9fFpr6GmDZXizUZjbdMla6zRSLE9AwMxiQrfGOgZ7a/grKBgLwWI2tsej8fswB06u+ucVzuTsdT929f6YxbyzMXgV1wNJoZmq712FM1LsBsqn898BQFqo8O78d/i/OLSMwdDMsHHk+mVjZmpuXfZn1/a6YJimBKblra3l74rNNL6a29v71ePV2L1isYrHmWpcMHusnOk9DBRnoCoaDdrRBETQudbV0YYxowiBwqSLgf4BnijFLA5IoL/plLlq0R0fxi0CvaIEfQkICDQKE6zmyFIrKdDqY/a+juvJjtcmgh9NiCwA+P0Gmh+dPB6e0AFEi6Ljn+WBoB83WitW367uPhfOoGAOmXnx8f5pYn3MLH68aax+KqopW1nZ9Croq2pvT9//nwbk3Ge5R2V2oCAnxjkIPIjzeUICLAubeDQY91eqvna8+HeKMYwGDwkVLICXeHkQgmDYkJLnQgAXWgnOtpvdgYTdxKJmEtEVeS5i2H92sjN3cxMdkChRY2FM9pWFtbXZ4YUvuPN0tt0n85IYP43IDZ9y07Nzb3KTC4HDjYEKvt8HEpitX/3/uzt/UyZCBxKIGo1Xul4t9ceHByylykgKk407Hd7i6vC09gdC6IMnceDcSsyVgoP8DNM9nA4c6p9MV9Td7Sx6VrPaHXkVCbjWNhSxrvefV1bz7Uorio9Q/xOLOdy95sxhuts6tpceZ6gq+O721tb29mF9bl3s7eDh/84vw0YRywfshL6olD+sit0bAwaYh+611mWgBhVqBQykEeZQUbiUJWoxvI2RxQRUZ2+EK7yKIWXn2qy/2nIVdMTj4/7qmWGkOAY0/MRIaie3Nza2tpMn9kKoWYQf7NLhIHU1Pbm0/bble7hjdnNt/PfNlZA9vWiqsRLqnTff/z6lYoUnxYjyKETwzXIq9N343hZAuIIKaqjTBSiuEmMMEQEaHBWcRCqsxZ2yRU5fIwIPmdtoYGC2DWK2lGtCCrYb2eEgPbS+YCQFdENCEjmtlDotRNUdezW/abob/+HzzDPejSzPpV5mdsdGot1BOuvlCDwRVd9Z0ew+pAEwuS27N/YPVjOBzU3AuUYstweh3KEqVVxVg5scoxmI5IKJXkSNZ69aM7DYQdBDKnymi1WSCsyBlEAUBv3C0gQ31jRQWPnAUIbhjPrcwu7o2hxJOZObjaT2ehuXv4E8qz07Ne11amJ6YnMxpMgwzm1juOIhOrr1AiLMEfmAMt19b4jopTOuxTHlKOH6Bm157CHYJIHCnihhSEvqD7mPScXQJN0i2TR6j6Lg1WcilGlVxz00ZMHRHiDqD7XRTDv8ObmbjKyb1E0mZ54vzr3bjn+/e38/HxuYm11dTWbnZqayj52MnxVfegIIog97Dlyu70wB5g1GXSuQzfg9D0XLXG4KEBQI2E4lGGREtjt2D4KegNJn+MexgpodEaKmAr0oWxzCwLrt2BcRMZKxDeTEsDPQwRxxqLW6np/nj5n3B/S2VevVqdm2sY3lj6nezfXV1enXi6szr16t5mSGVy0eQ9p6QSviyvBuuOCzMoNNYGD3iJ/4RKHiwKEwGRL8dmQGKG4QoSaLyig1QGXiHhKmfXwpt//RIhINPxaCnO8YAroRKu+ZGKGChovS5x5qstOnUwSJKcNizh8lsVOOrsKAEn3o6PPl8d813KZzOzsewjI5HeYJggW2wG55XB5+VNEKawseGzeYnOLT6bKE5AKAMjBCBPEF3YTPI9AWTvJeV0OBuWtbrqisPkrTloYlfIwwIUrHhyU7bhW4zYZtFqRQE+BUDDbRPxUSAhwJFdChpfwtA+PQN7EGN+YXZibWliuQfOCRqGj795kOvN+bi4z+SKf4OG19Q36PK3oqbefCrRakE0clFsXeosXLnG4KEAYxmQpDIVlJI2TJwW9usDA2i4jBAFimGi/gkPj6qvwEzamkndM+8whOB+sJhDrPNPxBluN9XSnAp4XDuhPQYRAQuE6CBcjDUzMzMwm3TQjjfVuTkyuxPbpW9JR3b6zvDuRyU4uN/8usGOS1mkACXJdfeQM54NVohAK+zhYkwgjneUJCMUwvA/OdFfhEVsVjvCFK85CQxielWCbo1THgyB0jsQjdz5NLjROCk0UkEId9FNQipRYRkU9itt0UvE3UfihMHGniCaU0rlK6kcg1eh35e8ZMExidv3168+7PRJOk5qe/kb/PouO25LLOy06852hlZ3x4rVeKDiNcD6b4exCB2FZ3q3TQLm1qVdXpoBgjNofQOGgWJeHEPLHB0FIXm3+vcG4Y3Q8SYo0yvQ1CcHWMEeh5obKqBatjLaGJfRyJXAiX2fUxaNMZXTc5sapRwmRkJvH67kKkHERKOOsQt2aQHOQQ4uAkMAptdYSBQQUijryYmtuvPflwvrr9Wy3N8BjFB6qJisK6mvfhx8/t78M/s/RcSNu+X2gXmGs4aCLPa/wBCeJYIKTlHHTg0i5AkKQVfYKTHSaZVLg8+6BwwmxBToCGpFK3XVKavujzusjw31tEnX78a1/uzVDIyPPa6j7D2VqfKhvZMCO/p+6c31LYovisBuYmT3DAMNlBAUShAEhBM0LmqGZlzC11AwJCTU9WUcuIoQmpnkhVLyklU/fzr96ZgDBO36k8QuOPAL73XuttX97rUW/x+PxNihUU4NAODY0PN1DwpFJEsg8b+Cc/9Ok65G4AAQjsGajTkVcdR8m9nVz2m3HbjAYje7srPbrrVZTyz+eiZ4mObeFUXac7e/v/9kYGDv5dbb3FC30IqgTGQ0aPlIyglNlFWCmcgotWyCEvRq3U/YK9Nxc6YzNeX0qC0Rs87XRirGhjgkaWjyP4chUG6p/7hUrnRo44pI4/bNMxYNKh7eLVMyMVDun2sC8X8t7FvgAn4/qgWRmHD5Z7GRQQlAEwh0EGizMpbpdhI3q7LnXJez+JBvbRsPBdw7Q4Br1JZLJhO8xN0nErq87R0c/wqshFsyv3/nOWgTabGyWNFP1wlKCMufbZWT94yU3LFMgABE4tTZpHSaXoPxcfrmBKVSTZ48EwesuIeMff+tZejPmH4OfJmVQ0Ot+ZUQgCwR74RZC1kk8CRggnA9Q6NRj+vk71nH8OybuzANpcLdAAC4BYc1WvbH5Um6ilTLlCYGXMXbztxyc+kSJ5zcWggk27k3HAk/YfyL1RNORSDK8nYpn9v+s5wrYCZmN0iAEwVikdUSpRYLKVSr5w2m/umyB8GrmqklMkjVXXBsSW9EU52JXOOh+NOeX+mdmx3tmW+C7TnYTSPeOzHyysECQjmEZ57rnAnaItbltrA958G4MCmCXS9k5kgMyN22BxSirkPvmpNQqvCCYiKoKRQfK17EIuxeMziiUDm8wEklHk+xvMe8rq37pJBFMJaOrP5ZTZ/t/9uzZnG7SYKC5OYTLGo2tKFF6kQj5r3yedl5ZAlGi9qcUmTdXCKozOi6oQDkgQOZ+7HXp349xRyXiHBAIGe1EFwuE/8xHczFXy1ALImwfaoZTbZWuGQj5Mx/FS//KIBbouRkItxjVxnx2KOE0OnDl+eQWTyTYdZCMDUDYu5v+xq6I6OdIIhY+ORz8fRJPxYOp+PZO/OzPySwnZHEV0vk5hGAKQy4suPPiy9Eeb9tHUJZABDrpA0utPGeuSKmBvlhAlt/dwTeBRRHeN9Xn0HywZIEQ8wZJ4zAHRCUJjNppysn861Vbht7IWCDg6VQ70xuYg/O+p8zA1K1AMITrksUV5mI6ytrX3S/JDyWYXQ2GQrEhg5geZdfKt0gwlI7Gottfvv7eO4mfnqbT8V+Z1e97PTUcD2eTvTiHEL1O60BKmS1lk38UkmVqskghrdVljTlhaqm/XGKZB6KsnnJLgKp3yO+etMDJLhZIx7TP7WqE70b10DLj803aeQ1ev2/EoYSLz5Rou9sf6EMAv9Md+MezBPtZ/3ITENZsKSiLkCexWJ4M/wz/dOW7PBBOTygY2u3mgeq9RDDyLRVbZH/iB/uZPddJOH0aia9urXeLWun/EIzf2nQpuEJQs1EtudtsiQfd7XTZOnUJKmF35RL2o+lazFf6j53rH7iCZi0XpnDarCSo5cR2mcLMVSZwjwGpMTOkhq7VaFTssxQV3DMb1SYelxVpUtXqQQWDgRuBcDNabbRTVtVMeOc0sjoL87drug9d/TJCYD+MRxOhWCzsn144OPhyvNcysLEbDe8NzFdJWC+OYXKLkb5apUtWGZk71giCD7jnBLBcgched/NZrygiVVKKvPbewUURkZPahWay8Bic31cKSKdKkD/5UGZvKxGF6bxITgDABdHlmlhim1NXVLl3Njc3UxNkIVFeKOOURdCZSKWTsdWDjY9bmS+ZhaH1vZ5ng3OmCjRrWRHSaJHdsNmwt9xeaUXon09XiWHZAoGigIvBUdvDBpscuxVIURuUm5lrJ4iIQnNd58IrzbKblOKrg9eorTfamjggp0Hfi8LU5vxAhVP0KREKhaKhzHpb78bW992F419bL4tHKrmk3xsGndFayBuJIDzH6wkHhGUMBJpeD6sVoodPmq8rfjdItoCoM10+Y+fJzQr8JhlR6KwlSgBBhFZjJSFTa9/GT3dCsVDMYwHFIOzVxvfd7R+pyHLo6yGD6Po7T1izlVmvyTeX5de0OG8zSxKr1nTDIiFwqcdVC8sbCOQvBYZGnbTWqkdKA2EB0GZh8SwQ8EgneYvSzjcp0DuBIIzUwCkoyKMOdziRiHxeDnXpcQzhuisD4sP3H0cL0Z1lNgBe7wcYr2L8bH/t4GAj1zgTkdRrFbe7CsLZort28IIjbdM9BCx7IA3v3S8ZILFcaVVyCxABUJnp878AjLnlKCprthiN6moG0aWASFufi5AI8oNrMfX582bqvQUAOYkCskb0e3tt7TgU3E7+dNUDzhl3cMmix9+fskEUQpBVotq7wlucNEivHLzgqvahFxCWPRCRp7dheKQaEDrtowqiNBBu6tfJsw8E8joFBu44UhQW2V0FQsgeaB2FjCG+zccC+Zx6rwa29vE+7cu99Z/ba19O47HQ7mRFdvuotByeZTJbS0Y1TSAKkbpEnhfCb9XaL/QwQASK8el++BcAcRohNI94+3kCjdGmx0sDEQCczmZa84QmGgd3nvGidUzFjUCIWjXFXBgudDKRjqSjnSpqPRwP+8LHx+Ho0UokuJD5tWHIa+xNY4e/uxmZVeR0UPfQSAiFqKqoYIIHI14D/BuAZC/s5dsOCai1GC4MEgvk1kvG6IFAz8hKJaWwPoaRg2KiUUFcNInUl7RZ0htLRGOLff+NxI9WdqLhL2uZUDgZDGfW1rZe5cdeWVtvx3EEaZ5raOWVlNo5BdNG1eTBKbUTI2b49wCBsN/jcoolOirXhSFvdW+9eKii0V7H5+ElL56wprn47W75vThmv9qUQRtLp5LJaHf98PHKymkqtLxz9HV4Zvd4jQXSXiinAgIu76FapLYoiPsQwZyUNfttZMoPb3vk8K8CAm2jnibId1D18vukfCL2uQYdco9BwfiVaunlLFJcUk1prgQQg4lNLmHxuWHmx8rKcjL07Vtkq0+9t31wsL1huzTIlZSalDQaH6D3eZsEraZMAODd030A/mVAID0w9EKMMwYDWfKjcrqw00nZ7sMOQ1StxkcXxh+vlVroqyh1u+nNzeXV95Os+zhNJWKpVPR/8q70qW0kj1qy22rJsi3bkk+ED8nCBmMbjG0gQALhMGCH+wpgjrBhIQlDFkiRgyTF7ObYZJmZqtmqrckxVbP/6EoW+AD5+JLZitEHKJda6lI/df/69/T69fuILfr+9PTlQLGUC29iG41i7xD0QbKWygljJDoR6pvvgfC7AwTinek+M6IL8XSVNx/oOL0VACtnImvpI0DdwDfnGT9C4D32K5dZbh88PHy08uzk8ODdsycnvz54sDeN4ZZwdKvU4T/BJqWxDgAyxDbUVDkR2UktJ+D3CAiEzRuLbQZtR6yjor4Q+GNOqUml5CxQU6MAX1BW4RIIGmHdSkwTM766u/pGHK9+ftf36sM/n/7nlwkDBtDffy8K30AlTs0K3nKxVm0NlUMum1755gPWNwIE0tPZKCJtdW+p8IgdLe1ykwJtMt5YS6OIzZfIER1ts8t/TeAFrxO84ETzm8839uDs+Ph4b7rv9NcPJ/9yIuekVoEbpoLeIl7Xp0CIXqV/hrP9On7J850CAomu1KCK0HHlH9XiYv2FDsQoEq4KDYMF4iFLy9rBo/3FxDlhpeZ2UovDFyMSIJCBvb8fH3/cm+i89/7lnAu/klewrcZLfrEtSXWV0XIs1a2B0PK99hAIDT3ZaQFXe1oCyo/qozg7VupDYlXXAgmm43rSj18f/XBw+3zph37l8fOHa135LZIQz8zh2dnJq3aS5RV08pG4+0pFdNxlrESg+G5nbxngn3Kovtmd2xc3XASRbGlU4H/VTXGPqtwIVq2TWAb23x4dHT1c6NDkZga9j6Vf2aglP4LFN968yfSogaU5dtlMU9UYExRuauZ4fzk9FsCTN5ecEH7vgEBtX7rTiDK8w3uZbbQkYk0KMZ5ttldPSYDdMy4DstGeA4TJPhd/vT14N5qfBKM+Pi6bArbHE8aS8NHMM4ryBXU4XkYrDNDmmQ0a1gEgEHZl+2nE6KDoEs0D8DkoJVNQoAvqLzPFVydaDGei5x/98PrtwR0gf+9beHh09Pr5o5NnhUwDoKjk7ZRTUAeZwi5Jfi5YTikKaN7BKLwPBOjZHAGwPgCB7GZvyIC18e4iRQcmUC5lC1hCzBPbK2bO4sW8UwvY9JNHawsemzxFGz94/vYfTw6PD/uKmXQNrlMhQMzonFRSrh1gTVRr+dtLWuHkldO4pTvdD2G9AAIDU5ktDSrkNU8YYclrPZXe/yY+5C2PiHSxWyyFN96ZnmgJyyUJ72j64Mnh2YvDkaJ+p0lu3xmk1BIRFaFapdollam70pBIqN1yyWIvRub2+jasI0AgemfphtmQV5YSpCuv9VRslGIN6pXJjtdlkrN/Se7hC3K0fE+EzeydHf/0bMhSRI1Mn56cvOzMyeStUknc7qQEvNpS0Yt7XmSDHZOLelhXgEA4nLkZgUZpjypxAAnoXWTFVsGNHsqNEYrkhd/kKCKecLOH6siFHAKNvdx78KZPKJy0DZ5+ePrxx/c5OhKXlN80F6yuRpTuGS4MW1C/MJmE9QYIDE0tslAaOFQgzLdZ8GouDMpsI8CSfKJEu0aoG85XPBC/ucb6B+gixz/tyI9PX7z4+IpHZf5c4Huaa6EwxZKmC7oRwM6lWS+sP0Agcy/drdH4g0GHXsCqz2sBE9RfmYVJAf9yyM2x4vJGCAihQtDiM30yILJzKSDCcRNP47XknQQZYpukkig+mB7DYD0CArH7638hoRAd7sBrSf2ktXCXTH+AWZwSX40thDEc6zi32y/V3W6/+vnj2clULrUgVE4qYHazCaym2i1JNqRFNfa/LQ1rYH0CApHg4s7cjisZa6uJHQGqBjZUzG8AhncproMGWlpRhAuMXa9OT//dmtu3wmuSFhqo/RSnq+nDC8YEo5x1ajFogPUKCITuzH6XGfOzDguoCROfSV9AADTE21TlriODrEKaKfadWyZGFiDyTvnDiS6U33SqWhcdv5ueEiCsX0Do3Y2+VLeRsAd5X22IGAutp/W0CBVKWsLxiFIoUsvKXQnMi0U2yXhCVRNfxqbWJsl6BiR6x2rrSc1ZCW0i3lQTIJj6fFO7nNFF5aIB1mku086qcPGyc8BQXPWvk8AynJqgd1etdQxI7khmFjxAfGM9NQ5b/lzgkHbcq9aCJKe3KkVsYA6xJcoIYHSyQpVltgQ5mBKzczON1DsgEB/JbhkRhnKQlSgMcHHgxpBTx3DtoOpBYG188ip5D3yc/lIcByASa7RXQgQV5rJB+H87VH9udWPZfr/N7KIC5WegeLFrk04QtLbq1k4IYqB5zyWZN1DTfPPVkCHt2WYtWz3QeHYzAXhtAIHU5qTHANrYjrLBtVhXrfYHBF9F2a/Ghhoxm7Scx8dxJeQ9oXKzYaCYaIT4ZJnqCTQ+36uC1wgQKExltnBEoMqyukWAGAW/+JrTlkqyX79pK94uGVcSqlbeXcjlJesCgSgn6eFDipSaRj2+NGqD1woQqB3dnDBLXG0ZN0s0b+ZHNvhQsaWZBhIt20mY+5++fuoKSU6iACQp50U740yQY8pyJdJZBXcAGzm6OQ7hNQME2gbmRxok/rddMbSfN74NYhab7P6jE/wEhMod5Nanz3/89+t90pZz+GUc+kCO2yIClNNOVOJHGotp3XNyV7i5GIfXDxAIm1cXOBsooyGVAUHIG7vL08NGeT83f2QovxlPaQTp/vrly5fPQ26Iy/l5m/T5CwA3H66cAYIcrVuyasIQmllNwGsJCKRn0/dR3BrUK3yiyAGCkL1L/YNz95I5OsmA+3dWL+zJxdMG+b/0t1ME5I/P3YIMiDizEiiHWe3hm6p6+gDSyTcUhi2AxDanaXhNAYGq8eysFtUpbUmb2yyBDK5FccRLa+HWzNLNCNq9tpaeTMLtxfU5BtF4JtfnJ8zI9vLS8tjg18+fP20RCJ7PPZwUVf6rYwmF2c56LoYtQGyn++3w2gICbY75GRpXJdnE5VdZWlPlF4T9bqlrwKH5ia2RdW/jRmZ4GLufHe2c3wXmTG90fNyKDY1tjd4dH/s0GCURpLCrHn1ry4PVRuv69ecafaC9kR0g4DUGBEKmN2vCMb84woBLgKgFGhA31lKT22YyM4QYsOy2ZWQKej2ZWcwWWuN8K1sQVeOoCjcgy7M6wSpmKgVAArFGmneZa2JngD2U080Be1+aQ+D1BgTigytDBKFzUNaSxkMtTZJLKWgaH7m7PLC+trKysn/PeHMKGoLr3RCBqSHtyNrkNmkzRGdSd/d3kJwTxAUg6vZ4BABvkGdAjRRmS8II6I2MAOF1BwTaYqk+H66VjF+KyHRvQIfKPhwGbn1qfiwZDocZuwgIDM0P6jB4d0hDOEbTmQCX/l975/aUthaF8dw2WdkgRAiCYigSiFCRinJRUaRFrVC8K5hyQKSAHp+c8/8/HIOXo8glnmq1nf29OcaZjL9Jdva31/rWRfhT9fKug/Tmr2cTnRgHNplIUcYOwyzN/ay2xwIBovu/J+VZLEwnkrb/3iFxnuvEXLOcNVI6OsubaMGN7JnrryxLuaVK46ejwhQDo43N9nYEHMXKQyBmRbw91kKhRMRtiAgXKp1WEBAgHdkyxU0T7QyM+9FtoWi4s/Xg1JPdxcX9hu+8dtRsH3jQem3OI3yr5Zfrh6xztT13vB1R6q1m5q/DeyBI9+vvq92xuY8l383DvlRb28ojAuRGdKH42elyjIsSi/SetYijM7WNo5YutUYmApCt1k9yQVfwa3Ff/+zVDiJO/8V2fV8E65eTxm46dwcEmx4f2SPeJ6eGlv7QwVZRhnglToDcaaaxlqRxVI47HFH5Q2dIOncbrKwPL77B1vn5ZisoSKHOL7m7KVY3QDibV55+/EBgVY4MbulEdGz/xAvvSW8PBKLV8hzDhZTI7KhuRDED3XbddPSrlifJD/ohy5NIamwJj0oDtogCJ5f3JCBAumTPNdYpiG02oxwaDkTPrVGD3YckyOvp4edjKhmIUv0eEgafl47cQIA81XnpIp3xxkQ9e3k4EI5mgyHbg8tozh2UekYkIjTZt5qYM6UbBQEIkF5aOL06AtQZwmYAyPUSfv3a4u4vvH6J2fvURCI9nqZnMDJnOSjNARAgveS9rOa0b4DHwqNO2gAQ/ZlQg7djEfWRfA5aGNBUIseedqQw6uVZBAiQ3mruTJratX94zu0TnUaAXBNhJdXUcep5VeK5/kB4zIaeGGY8N6GtqkCA9LsLfP2JG94+nKRNn+btDGdI+PpFpc+I6UwQHQBEn6LukR8bZtzcVt4MBMhgqWtF2craxh5NcB0kKujmqKCtM31s8H6Dis88HH/ILX0/F4AAGXozu1sFLDgiit+YL4jc42LAaawyNSiP2+57TY63RlxAgAyXtVlrjQl8cmbaWKqDXVmZkYxdytvD8thNDkCw2pgHIEAMybddiWCszjzq9+/bxxHw2FIzUcrg0Ud0Zt6EMY5sV/1AgBjV1JrWNAkWUbEMyxDgVTnJ6r0841PIGBJJDqtUtn5sAgLkGUrX1p0c9TEQGlg4gqmonEKduK2OVWxo0XGcr+ZKSy4gQJ63K9EySReKy9EB5jk2T9wl1iE2JkdthqoarLPFq1UHECDP9X8r5RWakcSPFty/U/e/MjeEQvqlwxcdev7rYe7swkmAPPuujrQllraM9zHP9dl4kYd5KdjiUULDFhJEhw+rXvClpwmQ56vdyITA4b2fvfd4OX+Sl9KzVrfrr1zN0vEYvHe9VyCgVMsK8NPi0+5BRE2IavfjoCe+DsxxR/RScZ0HAuR/S7ootq2MMzzix13pLna9AAAC5UlEQVTLuaL06IPWJx2Iwb5EBLZVb1qBAPkJmZaLORttn5UfNZcLQTnSu/9fj3WY77OOcGOXJx4AAuSnRAdK1ZTLlFpIPvivpxLxvmO7TSF5omd5HO1t7KlAgPy0Jve1EY53BpT7xmjfwsD9okUJ9OhDd63UclNAgLyAcH6rTenjpTqlusgWFoeYu45kojs6HHHLWwUMBMiLyLr4PefEbDyRYhHyi2H3sO0fq3YNXcO2ndpvsZz/HkAAktplFGNpYdYRkn0GjF3kFB9Mu0OClNEUAALkBW9xr75CMWYlm4gbcnWR3XNvTCLGVy3PAwHyskrX1oNSYEZUeWOmLhuVb1KRsZA42ZsCAuSllS2truXM84GYodEvelub+NHCIIFvazkaCJCX1/LV6RLQA/zf7qqrqfBoTHB/rm8AECCv8KlV+pEvLTnAMj4aMnY6iE3xg53WSRYIkNcAcn4Orm+lg47/GzV2OshD7upqEwiQ15NSOfRY0aToMbSQQHY7f1CeI0BeUepxfZFhnL1nK3Qf1m4Udyl3oU2AvKbshdqOibN75dQQIgzKFb9w1+86BwHyquIC2t9jjGla9g1cSDjnakm0wm8p6je7X+myPoF554gywNSiP5y9nybOPx0I4Pz3c173f/ueDjJKY80CBMgv+wZufj9yC2w08YntXdDYrP1ggAD5hYo2Kh+woMq+HgkzgnljawOAAPmlcq/WsyztF58OJ+akH7UsECC/WnS6tmuhqYmA+jg9mYuuNnxAgLyB5rSv87QQl2MPinoRLZbfc6fBHw0EfJXDBENLoue+bEtgvmgtDgiQN5K/1SiwLrNn5HbqG02ltQIAAfJ22/blRstPU7d1vtaxTKkJBMibSjw79NF6Ua/DBbHLigcIkDdW6qC4acV+z/LKSOmrCgTIm8u2UcszjK1QrO+YgQB5DzsSUav6hfTpaQsRIO9D6n5xry4nty8oAuR9yH285bGCGrT+EUD+Bcxg0v6fiKSJAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

PCA example with Iris Data-set

![Incremental
PCA](data:image/png;base64,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)

Incremental PCA

![Comparison of LDA and PCA 2D projection of Iris
dataset](data:image/png;base64,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)

Comparison of LDA and PCA 2D projection of Iris dataset

![Factor Analysis \(with rotation\) to visualize
patterns](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEVnAB+WDyaey+JmABaHvtrf7PKqFSn///9yAyCdyuFmAB7+/v5uASCIx+OSBhz19fVqAB/6/v5iABasFSrj9vtvb2/7+/vp6elhYWK5uLhqY2Pu7eyUk5Nra2vi8PaVDiZSARDn9/ycECdDKjHX3d2f0+r39/hzAyDX1tWHxuKwFSllZWV2dna8wsH5+fmYl5dTU1PT09OVlpaGhoasrKxdXl7Ozs7BwcHY2Nji4uJoaGjQ0NDz8/Pq6+va3Nzv7+/9/f21tbXt6uipqank5OTd3d1XV1d5eXmysrLn5+dycnKvr6+7u7v6+vuj0OigoKC+vr51AiCKioqDg4NZWVlbW1uZyN9OWV/f39+QkJCjo6PIyMjFxsZ8fHxoYmSSxN6Mwd2YmpqAgYGYDiZ/f3+gEiiHv9teBBFwABadnZ2GvdozBROqEiY4BhRxPVyNjY3d6O+rDSGXBx6lX3SujJypJz2dxt2GvtrAzNFwABiAQ16c0+pRLzNMYGt9gZ01AAp9hol+AxiWDCNtABqOhZ58fJmQVm9pBSOYYHWHutaUIjl0GDVSDRfS09xyQmBJSUmuV2imDyPGn6u+w8LLy8vq7+6mpqZOTk776+BDQ0MNQXgUTYXDw8M9Pj6FCCP2qIXx8fH949T4tZWw1ej78u3+3Mkiaa4we7cYVpc4hb3T5/H6waU5OTkyMjLv9PcpcbNnrNLI4u/8zLO93OzALzbOTURaLixRncm5JDBHGiIhMULtknMIN2vfcltkRjzo8fUqKiokPVLynHvpiGtpWVAcX6TTV0lCksQ9jcF8uNhcpM20Giv91L0bGxvIQj/bZ1PYYU7FOzsBLF10stUwSljlgWYoYodAVF6ZpavkeWBHl8eyopna7fcHH0GtFiqmXkiHHSBYAA9WgphDdpJ8CBWPLyhzkqG0m4ycSzlnjJ2rbFOWPS9IAAyxiXSAmaaNoKmwgGqJ0OyudFqve2KIgZu0lIKqKD2VWHHg6vHIoa23lILKo66keYyuVmeSGzN7BSJ5mZnlAAAd+0lEQVR42uzcWYwbdx0H8IRAf22njVHpzI6xJ2miYpmM8Xp2fI3v0dhej4/u1Ifk8VFh11WxOAylEkgUBXigSAUsUdeWJTux8lrvWxMFVY1WCcpLtDke+pCXHFKREBSJ4wEQSGUOh2RToFOp3YxX/+/u2t7xIa8//v7/M9bM7gMUU2UfegkQCAoCQSAoCASBoCAQBPJgM2MS6pnI3F0UsybvuQERxT7WA4qxxYW4BSBs+4hbR2b6uTOJQPQMxhYNIf+fJal+kbn3BS5/vAfcoBcXmjwAz33Erbt2/VwKIpAFSL/gF4SWk4ekvSQoZZj5tuSIzV6aQMLKyinY2G4OUzkAb8q2kS/FGbZY1d/TRXYAolyqQ7zGF+vKT2TAyiLUKAja2TxwW6PSCl+FapFlIDnkS5LWiG6A5eMt2QbiasmbmPXnpSCfl/OSc7Y6A28dgfj7WHd7bTL0JcqstUYAFNpTSUwXvf1AIcd3PXFpKxfm0wAePrXtykj94eooqt5vah9aZ6NOd9oQt3Ge3y5ZcyOhmLYoIHVvxidYxtl8xCNFx8XVaZDZZmtztXcr29nh1Dek8ERQsFJygU7no5X50BnaIPCmNK4ikEEfa3mU9z+NkbgUUZdk0pCbDvw4jdXo0NYkOSfA6gOoWGPzKOCU3z8VlFu5mupAMwYoZsV5ChrzApQ7/sFmQ6AgjIemFJBDgHIjpzw43mOmM6CG6gC4WQXKBcFpgXPRoz4UOwC+NVCvtIy2BmjIUhvSCikgJFgEaqROrbk0DLfa6x1+MmZWRlZOeanzFYC0NTZ2AD1SrlHf6nhPObH2AVoU11+BiXLJk+6sl7gh7u4Poz0SyJoKMlQsOywzcoCrq4IoqK6iAuImWTE3BlZxrXjvgAQRiDKpY6skgOArBDhmUx3DvSNlXpdEPxcYxzLb1ui8Hg/O/fmtfHDqULQYrh5XezStO5nkPBMee8WpCAGlKy06yNUdGyH3OMOMKxBqioQnEJsHBvNJWLHEW1pDRMBZcM7dPjlGboK9LLrTSuPoGuZyefs2BBJ0YbzyZg8UEzJJbihzCEzaChNFZhmiVym66lgr3SM2Kr3sgMu6gRBoklVfNkzwkRlokJUWIWbjwGSV2adL0nIhL0PAly3KECbpJOtXhruKgAVdblhT1rrARsVhdQhVnHDSVK8JHEX6iwEAWYpRM2AFBII2DFE+sWAOQjtPaJtSEQTyoCN5aFUkGarIRMRVaVoQyIONrZ4uKGed1XiFGbpmWWEZQRjyOcPBjYf64qeS53Z8xOXI3nlmVLakrllwZRWEDAOba+dA6CwjSP747acM5tXvG8/L7/3YcA4az/s7tkze+Lr+xG4fb3OcOlhVy8TSg7x+/LF9xvLoa38/ZDRH/vHS8waz/+iNLxjNsZ8/vQPk149pefj9lj6ZBz0RdyzR1oesyHIOWa8f/7xhkG9/zmie/NXB/QZz+OhDhvMhkIe1PLsAaaQ38TAeEZd6Ul9ukGe1fLAAISLuSILAlnu1d7lBPtDzVGvvbBjuAZATJxCIWUBO6LmNQBAIAvmvIIdVj8MvIhCTgBw8rAWBmAXkJ5rH/gMIxCQgzyv337//KAIxC8hRLS8gELOAvKDloa8hEJOAfENfjkDMBXIDgZgF5NgN9bP7S++ZDwRL3Dm5P4k7O6sTOxYTewLk0rFLakwIEl5XTnLyfUuJAQadxQ7LKXbHYQQZYU+AaDm7AMEkr7rPXr029Nri3pqX2C0QghnMwFZPQjwZTgGWqoswUHf6r7XBMgiCmws6MZgNOJGb8iLuHajPElgewDmYzZJM0uGPQpS27AWQs1oWIF2apdwAg2F3qyr1eX7XQGS8M6hmiyEms9n21Ileka76Q8ryYcnRZPEMt1VK5wqhLJkObq2HqYqLjABEfCJmJ5t1YdwelVy+GeAN7bHqywxy5uwCpKsVJB0EUts/W6JAGrP1XRuy8FIMeulupcOTwGehsTGqMRpIsTFuuTzcmKhTAQqsZXd5BiEBSD+A6IskPTZI1HB152ayDu0cQGHYC31z+UHeuuWRWzOwKH9fVj3QCKN4WKlLHv9ugcwEutbOSvmq1wV1vFHhabsO0rN6JGs45YMwlVmHgc+SjgMuAaWUIeqbVcvKpF9jga0BFYB1ZQgj/AF5iRsSPfOWnlvZScMBiXQVaLUW3Eg7MI5d3SUQIj/pdSakZA1mNq0hweoL9HsMqVyx0V4pZ6RJygN+MunJuTwJn2Cj8kBOlDtRzgLVy8dqHWh3gZYwUj8YprHUQ9YdEG3Igt76kEzaI1BklYmE50eD3WqIxK7aYMLauRwlbxBETc75o+qu5EwAgsWiP+4FMQP+HkuDv1TPp/Qj+zIy2OxszBmASVhZMugs/1rWnYZcu6VP6o4uW7XULJBLKa9FsTjY/dXeYft/Xye0fN57f3c3dqx0MNweWO09c03PLbNsh0T/zzF4QSuzx7fUMR3k8rXLt9BHJyZpyGU9v11DIOZoCAIxWUNOnz59WflBIGZpyGktFxGIaRpyUflCIOZpyEU9CMQsG4a6x9U/IBCTDFlX9SAQszRE97iCQMzSkCtXripfCMQ0Dbmi5Z3fIRBzgJx7Rw8CMRfIdQRiDpCVc9cVjbsgySyp/t9Aa5rqYQWZXCOWE+TAEwbz2qEjTxrMkX8efMlwvmM89zfkupZ3FyDZFuMRAezrnAO8oSrJLyPIV175meG8bDz/+qnh/O27xvNKcGdD3tVzU3Y7MCAUDSoAkCmTMjS9MCwtI4j1R0eM5uknDOfFb/35y0bz+A8M50s/dO5syAXN48LNObVuA4cnClllzCoQs3SwmQGhuaQgBueFQ7949VGD082+A798/LMG872vPmI0n3lmJ8jKuQt6bq6BuhctOSmUmTjmAKLib7HqzhwI5FMFeeSZDzVEy9s39TlESpO9KB3ZwENNxwpJ0zYEstsgb+tZgICYSiRWsHiwqvQlEjT6vzUQyCcFsrIAOX9zD22HLDfIeR3k9wjELCB6EIhZ5hDd4yQCMUtDTp48r34jELM05KSevyAQ0zQEgZirIadUj1MIxCQN+c0pPX9FIKYAERGISRvyJwRiqoa8iUDM0pA39SAQszRkAfJHc4KIdz9vjqT+zd79xLhx1XEAr1KlPxonTEF4bNeeQEtrttj1/7HH/3bG9Z+ZsWdjs7Y3/rOrxNYS2ELrCNRWcOBA6QEOLBLWOqvuSo6yqyghu2kSiR5TJKSmUTgFUQS5QCVQDzSqRFGEBGLejJOsN4XMgbjP7vuO11rZPoz88Xtv/rz5jfo0E0XFNOTBvTMhM1QJxd6fHJCLmIKYS3dXFf1ryTkbFIiS/lJcHJqEESlPAsjFX1zcAdLviOi6yvnFxThM593lmVGCzDskoFaWLKAo3ihkWw1eO5+cXAOplojY56EWCLHTby022/WWVmOibQNPKDCdUdKp5NIa0C79MtzSeIPo+Zt+0We5nMrxAErEluvbctNR0whB/L6U5FxsNZj+utvLUmHJIQoIJGvl3/JGxLCVqnrdy/JqMequpH01AIrNCAtiKCxtpX3Mii+rldagI9LCBIBc+6dLslEg5KIQ0yq4UL5kc5lpjXJeVi1Xn05u5fPr2dw0xLpcmVmnEAgdSzPBoBRn5hngcqoCiGmtAIid5S0+CkAyQ30W3CnoFNVRRiqaxxrk2gCkUkwnwHm71onHvQSUPcPaRtll9VO9+WW/RXb2/OCaZ23d1QQCgfqqku9Fw0zXBXEfVcnAggRuBbUQmVdXGCQRAgE0sLSlse+yLL++pucjvcuq+IENm8DZ1oucLLZGCMIFHWy0Y64H+suMyCTMCwtbCW1QL/1GDp6ju1Y6JjKrJjEfF0NgRj+Vsg0c1s6alId6HfLS7TFkvAf1Tc1j8yP9pt9p1u2W887yVqCYUILBSm2EINS8LQOmpo3zVCIKD7wS5+gsKlRGhWkLB31OfWkKPXFRO2hvTJUFU9cm81nIZCBr73YmYcdw89omyl8Hd2EPlyg6TvuVlEIlFcX+iWz2zliTBj8ZHRrjLBOxH6JiXNsBgsV+CCV8evfUH9fax+ZJrEA+zYdOHj+pahAQnEBOntxU/wgIRiAofyQgWIGcICC4gJwgIJiB6CEg+ICcVBcCglkL2SAguIBsEBDsQJ7bOLGRJiC4gKg5sbERIiAYgWwQEGxAYhsbfXWhb4P09SPflMUEMCPTBGTkIJ6NjcTGHZBupYrOFWZZtkzzDGvujymI0folT+172Gg+/+KHBwzmmQNPG889IBSKUNCnAVmVRG4aQCw6reHiokdsjCPIs7/8mcH867s/MB7xRcP56feN58vcMAjtpNRFSK0zC3dLa1j9ECwsFsa0tMazX/rOZw3m38cOGK1f8uFrhhvTw69+z3heeGo3CIqpEOR5GmZ8FjBHVJA4lKV2Yee9I0zC/ziPhxvIkwYLW/3wJz8+ZnRgeOa1h40ONw899hnD+dpuEL3L+lxBH0OYlagvGxaCHTk3FTInmcIdD7O5zROQEYA4t1FmBoN6NsZKfD5hz7NLJme5GnTe/iC/qtBAQEYC0t8BcreHuvOkh7OagICMAmR7+/J2/7LzfjuGKREIyChAXNuXUbbvdyyrkCIgWIGM12bvOINoHpefICDYgBzce/DgwSd+T0AwAVE99t7au01A8AG5dWvv3ssEBB8QNbe+QEAwAbHeOH7j+PEbBwkIPiDHzx4/S0DwATmLcoOA4ARynIDgA3IW2xZiokwAAvUx73g8g3+cQ0egPTOTAXJBfdy4iQ+IfW1wxN+qYmRdu4/6Ny3QGpSk58WhUzRT5YkAuYBydhik5NBO9Da96QTEHQ5pBCB2bi2sfsVKGNKrNj5ri4MdFQXIVgR6LeKhOX8pAVTJz9mX22FvMKKtX7oO4LdlKa7bnFnzg8nsnwCQCx8DYmOLvqjaXQRCbRGC5jX/CECkrdlcis878oWVc8VMuhVLJXIIpErPBoPl/rqYXxAWzAvnsstMpLVa96G5GuYmpKudgn+rnmM6vjgE9Mvq58cZhNVBLtz07niVKUFbn2/CVcDRW4yPAsQK80xqvcOwXQYgHLCadRArtx4Mrk/55GSVywn8ct8dgXoZgur60dUajWDiPki7oNOCkNpneVqL7HiDXEK5cHO53VE75FJbjc2l/tjq6G2KCUGUU3qWEYAwEI6l2XC31nRBpmerx3gdJLzcbHIya0+y8Qo4e3y+hAppoLImJpefRi05boWCCA4vLKkrLUz7W2MNckkH+cDt96vbLrWSmqx50EIosah9im0+eJDU1oqrIVcboUi2p/h7BRfL91SQaZ/T3EmFkr6kxccznfo5flbkHHUIot7J0QBvrBAJVyGUh44DRL261s/HGMRyWAe59IF31xiSqc0KLl+pSUshR6U/AhBzI0RDrdWahpI32fVG1jxoWkVfgUQjMO8pOSmFthRXen17y8b5IY5G9VreaUo5unwJsk3wT8l55/gP6ocvnVKjgtyzlZW00Q2vIy10HY3kCMaQgnj/zyizLsfQXAv/zjvOmOTs+G/2Wg6f0rIL5BPYD+nLBjaNu1MTv6c+ADn1F3LoBKsWQkDwaSGHDu05dIiAYNNCVA51ISAYgaAcIiC4gOx5VAN5n4DgAjI3N/foHAHBZlBXPeaOzO0hIJi0kHePaJl7P0BAcAB57t2jWo78mYBg0kKOHkM5QEBwaSHHnkc5SkBwaSHvaHmFgOAF8s4ukMFBbhMtwNClhgTkwYNcRxkG4d3VAJp9E6wwaZDN7MrYgXzRWFSQV543GBVkn9E89hXDuWcMua7nvZ1nDDtBSwXdRYRpRQFEb8bHjRfInx75usG8dMRw5v7+6v4HkRemh0He0HL9vVlUyQE8CTVOVxjqqMUEGLZhymVgITReIN/46iPG8u1/vLzHaJ7+0TcN/+z37zPemL41DPLb2yBarRMoWNWkY3FwoD13AWRfNCfDYnpSQV56eY/ROkoqiOGBYf9Dxoebe0GuosegyxJm1AjllsdVcsqmPkR79nyIqoQJyMhArmp5Y2gMiVrZBc8UI7RjbBqm2OqsiYCMGOTqEAg4ZQHoBPRlNJk5YRm3zd6xBnlTy9XfeSdox5CAEJD/N8ibBAQXkD/oISC4gLythYAQEALyX0CuoLxNQHABuUJAsAL51ZUzZ9CDgOACcgblCgHBBMSug5w5Q0AwaiGn1eV1AoJJCzmthoBg1EJOa8EVJHP3QjdnnAYwcaj2iRwdvFbbeY0h8NHJATmNGcjS4Lut351yTK2h2jLVaCEMS4OiJklmqNaJhelPAsh5leP8MIinHpPQOalZJmZ2pqxm72hATFI6GAZPIxi3b7lSsnfWj6oBQEISFAWkTIpOzhbZ+LJvJW32rqD5SQ0HCKGyLZFuODJLRRrKerXn+bEGOa/l9OtLO3+f+bgP1TdJyo2KKbgY7Y+ohay6Qzl7p66wXG7pP+ydz2/i2hXHpb7FrcrCepXs2CJejWQh2SImxgabHwaBbbBBWMZuCYQFiA1qK9RFu+mTunh/AHqSBUqGSKxGs0g0+6dZzGaWs3n7WfR/6B9QG0g6eUXVmVEeZdL7JVIkz8kd8Id77j3nnntdV92GXzyPgHBB3ZdV2TAJ8qJz12MlY3HVkpnI3nbRmdbKqe9q1pzhHeREPafd6AjPAMibl0Gn9uCQtUF8ckgsO4s6Jn+guqyEn0EsM+fJ5cpWUG9C3hlnceeURrYw8kpyz6SQWO82UGeMzmNfxisoSCGkmijHo46HXBIhKtcYPwsgfIMh7qtO4rNONs67vtRRkVCXxmF6iLhC9Mq/LOptLUT2qDTPbIC4t53pjduUm2KyeFUfO6gjbd+fxSC+hRJqgHIkmnpo4T0Dl/Xq1Zvo58311mURpUhFK4vsRoVDaDSJa4GQeaCqE5Em2XRVHneTI7k1laW71HlcHpb8sBp8KDX99Kks3NazptPvotP4cJyGhFbmsBP3EBZNJWTlnsGg/mqjN9efDtwZn+TXeRJxEYnEdEgK7YMAqdBuGLnN3sBItBWDyuTrXDIZuzIj3S5X2mqiUiiraaqQWpfQ5h+KkyRSB2pbRcU60kvNMfVsgLx6BATVwzUieogyorlWc5ChDjOGVGzjM/9Cf3QiY3GNngWQ99HrZ0D+R3FIJfEkzXzdqZP3kSIi1zh1ciQ95P1WbzGQ4+ghP75+/zoSBnI8QF7HSDCQYwISCwM5HiAvo9frnzCQIwHycisMBAPBQDCQrwHI9fX1y+gHAzkiILEwkCMD8hEDORYgb6MXBnI8QN5u9BhIu65u8671XryyXqYwkEMDefsISEa+3Sw0NHz5HIU+PaG+LiD/+PMP/6k/7rn2w1/++rt9+tWea3/75zff79Gv9138/rd79Zs91775+2MgH3/a6uNpvFa7U1oV47UeyswQYpOsUod4XMUT6vLFd3v0p30Xv/v9Xt3suzh/sU9/eAHXXtu7R6tyxPzHre6WmpVESB1E6iHdjIE0zTZic0ETjb+uozUq7W/3SFP3XU3vk0rvucil9/09R3PfApUILbTncrvys3e/U5rgonHDHUZiIiBxSVD8VC5+IKvI+roOn9kvrQk2LfFgU4qmwLaK9aXvncrPy1Qyh/isIha7s7xoPAMgrSLYlGDgt4qpgG2buS997wY/p/NGFxksP0BJiz7EY/OwnlIYCAZyHKI4DORL1FxYZBc2iFChp2ndVRoy1LhW4Gsd2GRhPejXChwGslGevWBWzrirA2yzQjZUnGEHMHlyu249WRidQ25zQ7M9iWVDDCRWcUtCh9y5deLTX/9Vu17UhpT3rTb9SC1gIDsk/clkogP701iwL2CmGZKnbWAgUly1WimEgWx1QTqOAwxE6KnbGsBM2Voqk4fVv3KsJpB9DGSn0QpsmujCQ/pRjqKAHaTE4lnWp6HuFc2yJZht7ZamxzDT6p0oamkY53NhOnUxkJ2kWagosElnQnbzqR6sWe1ST+owl1WUJ6cXVQxkp2k23W7D7lxiEhaLBKzZ06mq1mHNJgXssj5R/86U6ROYLXnjm0OYqScGAdkGmXJzcWgtMJCd9J6qGsDht9ks1YHjuq5TxAmsh1CXTJXJYCA7OVGIPAXe5YskKgGfWecZiBjDZtNphkLqAAPZyYqA2LDvZ4XmEEHDvvZaLzKHxZvNaNprkBjI/VRWW2V94LR3MmlNJsChSe7bQ9gK1TrIpDtDDOTeg3d4AZq3WM/Ic+jqIiPVoBlcRvR5FQPZ3uLkNliG3LvtwS5pFfC9L29WttcKJDKMpmJcafMLA4nT77OGW5tIEG/fYGfZ7ClZA5gWSHt2OtQWEJ81muaLa+VgkeGxu6xSdmJ7OZhzqde64z7sBANO6Zy1YNFNs6P5PumsMZAjcpzFw/1fGMiRCQPBQD5PXFaSJOCKYc8bWsAH0ZYFnreBMyeiMBiUMZCdzvj+YgHz4Qn+ouHkYM2yUyUswAJDzg5YbYSB7HTxGVkkCz4V8uDZwjVeMfzEs1jsjTUZg1xW1hbnwCIHJjBvaBrmspQqfea2cLZ3FwRknYbjZEHf/DzDuK0WyGWVMoNUJhOCsvpn9oS0QeHm/4fLyka9Iws8ry7uHR4s2ztMRx4ONlegXIQqDAayVW7uZRciCEi6czvqeDSo2dk70iJpUAIgvTLLZUbDQLaqLQVJaoG+9dRIPD3vwIocckLVdWFJ/br4jqbpHAZyP4o0m6UkaAxRM0o5lQd6N6VarTJ5iGV7rVDtCsJAdpq+E6/ulpBca1+b3/K3wD1tkxtBvFo2AJaeTC/9q3MMZKeRk9aHVR40IbIMZFhAID1EWSEkwlALPJOazTCQnaQzXZULLAgIzTQZ2KCOhFnekVOghVmdplCBxUDux1RSDhb6Jcg2w8saMIIrSbxlrOugyYLkCyKe9j6ICwt1UP9YU7qaUoF5SJRvuZfQ05/zqxM8qD9Mh0w/8EF1Wf0Ty/RNYN3nmSnYXVDqxNHH1lDA2xEeRl/wYnYCnRDgZu061DLFuTmXKWAgOy2kVLkMXLgY8lIDWK/j2U6jBatQJbqdzOE+7/EXW8/lQIa6cGX8zgQ2a4+HHgxIJdPh7yQM5F7FJoJWtNmm50JdURgmkjBLquFNhi0M5N6FB3NdAhZbT4WuB9zqtBD5pA0bcoj5cmogDGSnboukhkAfnmTsO2BgyOZtpAGnyOnQ/mBjIDtd9NkUDRypJ0OnDNs3iLwL2gHuMeQsetjHRQ4PIbVwt/wFti+tuyIJ9ENthTjg5z3+QZ1K6k/epp43jExZTRzhxz1yIIroB3IQNJ+42aofRM2ybQzkc0UYvViggKE66Xa74ycvoDIKsXoYyGcrXNSchvPkO/w9mo90hoF8UdCSc5VfpKMS+Lyse5e1EdDZn4k3V6CVJNXNRboErpQ3xPmNh4FsVPDjZy4DDw6oaOGkKECmTi5pRxrDclk6f+bV8Jr6bs5LcFQ7nQYerSEU6BkNbbqor2HNngiXwxAv4T5EcJ4vmsA0YKmiSMAdu6F5cyXCeki7dWIt8WlA9zqVzAYPc1moXZs1gKdw2A6bsWAjNRFGX4sQA9lpoth16Eb1IdkngTv8hbwWBqD6u4qhEVwGu6yH8Td0lsC0bEVLIw5YhKuojtkBWarzD4EvOhjIv++IAszgIpKtabQDikTcyLXBdltTai7VSyIM5B6HFgQjYMAwkqSuNIZURSTlfKkeALOWzjybyWIgO3WnRCmALtgxGQ42/tsfxEA8BZ4ox/ZHdXwa0L2mC6IpAEP1U/Nf7ZzBaoNAFEWXLly4UhPErQSU1BBSrWmdSDR2bBdSR0hDs2jJJqt8ipvSEsjCDzD/kE8rpJj1DYQS6LtrGZAzzLzHfXPTGLvUlVvfr8H+31Cf1l5KQFogB3fblND42yQYrzQb2/afrmpswFTSabUVFKR8aqj1O65jwX3yahjcgGVv5qkT1FOXEo9JBKQ9MJxOvQCfOxtLUYD1kBNlYQe0Zh+FsMlTb/W6DqwUPDBiKX4H57L8UYNOtBszv57S1MmpysozZmL7UzYfnAwN2WU71ARkGe/nhaURkKN69l4MwZnPYGfWAXipi9IF355bVSP2bukRkF/xt2d0DGfxHcWgkxTk2lxg607mSZiEPiMgR0WD0F2iBqol9cFPiy7rqfz++v73+nN7By/d1L/4sh+HWVOJDQE5vzE0R3V2eSBM5zqPDQJytpSvsewp0r8RRfwREBIBISAkAkJASASEgJD+Wj9F+9xq8hw3sAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Factor Analysis (with rotation) to visualize patterns

![Blind source separation using
FastICA](data:image/png;base64,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)

Blind source separation using FastICA

![Principal components analysis
\(PCA\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Principal components analysis (PCA)

![FastICA on 2D point
clouds](data:image/png;base64,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)

FastICA on 2D point clouds

![Kernel
PCA](data:image/png;base64,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)

Kernel PCA

![Model selection with Probabilistic PCA and Factor Analysis
\(FA\)](data:image/png;base64,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)

Model selection with Probabilistic PCA and Factor Analysis (FA)

![Faces dataset
decompositions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Faces dataset decompositions

![Faces recognition example using eigenfaces and
SVMs](data:image/png;base64,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)

Faces recognition example using eigenfaces and SVMs

![Multi-dimensional
scaling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Multi-dimensional scaling

![Multilabel
classification](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAZAAAAEYCAMAAABFglBLAAADAFBMVEX///+bm5u7u7ufn5/S0tKwsLDw8PD9/f2FhYWAgIDNzc2urq6srKzQ0NC9vb2/v7+dnZ3///7/pQD/qAH4+PgBAf/q6urs7Oz8pALa2tr39/b5+fltbW309PRoaGeDg4OIiIgXF//n5+h6enr5oQNTU1Ld3dxAQD/7+/sPEP90dHRWVlbFxcXW1tXy8vLi4uKkpKRFRUNISEnl5eT1oQh3d3cfIP9eX2EJCf9ZWltkZGM7Ozq3t7ff39+YmJiTk5MoKf9xcXGpqahOTVCLi4t9fX0lJSeOjo/u7u7/rQLynQEyM/+0tLRNTEg8Pf//rhLIyMjCwsLynQ3/tSf/qgzsnBQ2Njb//vne3//tmgPs7P//sxvnlgLGggYHB/fW1v9HSP/nlxcfFt9ZWv/hkwX5pQv/25bl5f/gkh7/68asrP//8NP/4KUMCe/XjCnLy8vZjQQsLCy2tv/OhjRtbv///PTy8v9QUf//5rWAgf8XEel2d//Dfz7/9+e/v/7/+u8pG9QxMTH/ujOvdAeSk/+bm/9kZf9PRjZQNK329///yWAWE/b/1odfXlmdag2Ki///9N6jpP/QhwP6+v/9/f//vkB2TIh/WRXOzv95fYdqRZOwc1C7fAf/wkuAU366urqobVnHx/9ePaHknCG5eUf/0nn/xlacnJzxoxb/zm0yIsm5gRp/gog8J8GUYGobGx5wVSXSjxWdZ2KPaiSPYxEUEQ9FLLiMW3WkdSGhezqxgSxeTTBnWUNtcXo6PE1gZG8EBOR8YjM1MI2GhXwQD7gNDdFzd3/MmTrFjSi6kkoiI6uqjFdnShfblit5Zkt/d2cJCTQuLdqPbj09PMVdXqWVf1UyIglRSIFCQGkoKXSxseaHdFHPz+8oJ+1MTK4PD5WZh2twcJcNDVuUlNuWlo2goORzS2lPTuR8e9/Fwt5RNQSiopbt4MqxsaVjYufkrEy/v7V9e8CNjbHxsDeKivbQpVdkZZO0tMY4NqVhXcympsnjvHzUzLrGno5+aqemqK35wb5HAAAgAElEQVR42uyaS2+r2hWAV/yA2Bg/dC24vBHINuIduwhBghEOvtDKUbFulTvo/EhHreRfUFVRBx1l2HFGldVRK13dcX9CR/0l/QPd+Dza5OSkseOTW195yfLGG8Ree3/rsRcY4ChHOcpRjnKUoxzlKEc5yqdSLMF0YdKqRRQDTv3BWYzAy4YiPnRYyw9Hd9Hnbnnx+JlJnLb6OJHGQ+jL0YuUzmc9O8PAZUxtBeAKD04vJpuGoN7/Zlvc+6Po7nO3HD5+piqnFlAnqWsDk3KvAeROBO8Md+eOciJaS5FxUJ82AY7SJg4i5OMUOQHLZ4YAAqlAS9404Fh6iYZqOqCg36zCTLQaBpRSsyFZoj4B+jVrMwPN3TQTo1WbKbJKVipg/iC9SGn2il59Y+YDx4rOitxoWqXZUCwoHFJAAL7JWqgr7NTQyIwF+a1QNiDUCBVdiBTTBIsBUCZWL4pAUNCs2x70STT5iKTfrQuz0d3oEINJ4FotBtQfVq8BhDIozxvqnWldHs/M6yxAilMhziT0SBYJStQWMV8416c+kfOyWFtkm2YVpOcFMis/drlWxpO18yxoSCHrBY1QUIsmL/O0KsUlXeiHGwvulmtBXWHlMT81sBdprXeqja6ZRF7zJhuOVT5GffMl8E4SSommk0zcyHBfVJP+dK5O7bAfo4YVG4EH0POkWCHj+bR3qfJiHKyK8zQozHnfk/miIsaVzQhyewPEp6IrVywPaSP2XiVmhbO0fuLT8eJChuIWqtMSSI9JqEu8mVAi56q+6gyA8WdBRW1cTFtBxZO8OwhNZH2GO8G7qpGRPqQyhJY6A73SKHi5Mlh4p6sesspUv9EzDSDLysAw0EpnGdti/UVKu40GOZfdYYIFAJcT2kcuopoICH8BPuXVLFU9w5CGfntcb505YnRWb10teCBKIPxpEwrVu7INxxkjny9CMPlCag8qqXjhL0pTqaujQEU+0jN4kZiVpgQzHhtTrwFkOiImAx+yxUJCeoGLjC2/1QqRCoBEQKIB7SbOJW6FrUGdsOoxgRpGX4BvlkvbGnT8PD4leYi7IFqqC0m7sUrmdUJhTX+GpiTQIVW6SCXgQMgHBfTs7rVn+PhLlGbOeM0bMUySGzgYFB0izo07CBzdhFDxLLGijGm/A0Fn7BJ3iuicuUS7LcKsNHLBvG2JK+YyD+jIB0IufGgnhdS5rBMFMJmIzKgvSAsb3VO7tTRoDmzoY4HhXc9eJav/ddg7lyFeDI31UocZ8pDeqZ7wlA+kR/MYL/nzyajhX9jqaWpdxGVTIwNphCIq05CTSJSCjExgWgXemgeqyDZWVpLGTpyKJTPgeHbj/Rl/qiqrUFJb4aqPGS9K6zjSOLvWGJ1LVCakaBEtnunL4wlyE5FSrSo/H2OiqKvIwdMZJm4agfeCOdInS8XVNFEvsZB2Qqinq3MpaBYSJ0lp0Zbmaa8cId7sXrQQRd3eWpTndd/umyX3Ly6agpf50EYpcchiINhlX0RjGg0chufADjFbwyZo48INI461Nw1QDoYSpuYwHNhD2+ZysAXIOb0+7AOGPoyC08x7D89777dZTI7Mk3G4sj9nX6Q1LQBLARqWZewcR2pCmaMxDWmVl18RheEYPdTKUbEe0gA1SPO8nB3F0NBDM8RpHE2StSu6QyEXADyK+uzwvaHY/XfjbBAoDN0vh6B6h7aJ7jgHuPOPlsfq5ygoVrQr+5PlPm92T+67WF45CNlp90Xyi/reRJSfcU28w4Dpyf0QqO9R6S8li0ZrJyDuHt1t/aWK1lr1PpD6q0UQcveyb0nsNGD3lWMkvwu05gMgpe1p3E6y5chisvNM2z8+kOQZlnt+sR8g9ITaRZTt9qjON9YhA7nsvhoQbbLj5l/ZykcYuXfIQAbVZzwkM/cChHt0C2OT5IOH7lrrwcMYqr9NeZy/YDUOBMhO8lwgraSrgtUEymYVjFmxwJg8ZxUcFzUZXHO2BtK55H7yQGTrSwJp1NW216ifdBh5EWRxjc8Cjkinw/FMIs14ayD+/LA95BVzyGeAeDM9YbD51IzSRZWdx0uOp7K5b6lQy96ZwjZAom+Ghw1kOfyRgcxiJ1SrRDybuurCxTwirQRt/c6ozQHnxd62QPIWHDYQSniGF7W/IBBLztr9dYzZ0+qSIfsXXHVNCNUuoVQAUnfbpM6+rM79PwCiP6MO4fAvCOQJWen2tkAW5/0DB/IccaPdgeQ9ENiPQJTAMAhNNIwYPON/Tp7tb7vtxQfpoXtI9Rk+/oIcYs/JSbz6CATrrtdkz12vl0CckO+SWGb/t1N07peEK2ErINGNc+hAnrPLGu0OpD3S55nwRMiiBy63bEK0Qvsp7M6qd+02CXaFxFdt5FjtgbkVEM2CQwfynDrkBUCALtqdJ4EYd+tUXTZ0C1iva9ZdZZYUaby80+tlyb15If5sIHZVO2QgHRGtwmNAaub9YldhdwfiNtYn9FNJXc31PpmlKH4xHkDdLeRw3ZFakRSXl8fFNkBa1/0DBrK6FoMz2/gECC6NRsG9B0JLancgJwXL9p4A0kvobJbVT2soYvFLpuWeumrGdHxypaPFoZIT4QGQ3//2zdvPBazxFA4YiBzI8rhjfHIzctSQx/G+CsOZr3rKUx7SYbFuCy/Kc8x0ObQma6K2mppOt4X8cpXFk/tA3n77y5/96i/fPTrkZKwcMpDZSFLPmfiTP2p0zmT95iah9pNDuAvG4XasQz4Wrx+A/O7tb7791z+u/vaLN49fKMAhA2H10Sh+5NWBYAxubhuXem8vHkKIhFvbD5Dv/vzrr7/6+T/H87//4U+PvfLI+fyggQAMUThQP11sK7yRJPXyP5m8Se8OJHaJKbkfIG++/v6P33/1b27OLaaN7IzjB3zB5hKwTQw2k5kJgz3eGd9mjOu1x5f6MjZJ7WAHZ1iWIGW1hoSAQtxdumylLDV0lQoBTbNl00jJol6AjULlpARt7tE20iYoaVftQ9qXVvvWl0j7sO3bPnTGmMRcFm1MpF0YWbJsa8A6v3O+7///vnM8eWf+/OWRjYBY8YZtDkS4NOtGyUrR2Qm2cIXozcUD0UBO34uGLMWGQNpHHtw9f//jjhtLjzrGNyrw4Ftv7XwPgJjW5kELbkeC6SBUMHrU9BZqWfFAYjMfAjwiq2bNyIYMGwEZ7LzhROeXVCqVMtm3UcTyq3cCkGc+xJCfl3FKJnPZc/uCE6XCSDRsKalbMa9vUx8SCMVhbUCkrbK0xD2VNRZQKYIaoqJGaUVAopUmngNRTP0Fv+e/2nH9wfXUTP7mwaGhUy8to3+/gFSSzuXzLXuCJMwJ9fZaCKec0gZUR4S3sEK85QbDZj4EVLpkSMBn9XqrNTIJ7EamEYnTsMvHamJVvl3RmoIcMpTsOjequuaYv3OtbXBZA48kuzv78+6Vtu0kIHHOD2Uk/Lr3AAsGR5fLUAhKS+ZwuzO9hWqvlcQI26ZAvB7IpTezXqMejQaEjqHBr2F9DpMcWFjMVih7e2fbRpJXINn5hc7hnEdsu3rr9KRq2Sd6acNOAuIjZWgs3CjiONfKRIvSKKrDYwSCUB5tICQuMoeIS3N/8JtDll0Ci+RooJRFWKFjaCR8zjgkIk0sAH7/ah8CFO0jF/B7t8+OCYtuuKf59D2W7rqUE/FM5c4IWUF+3Fr0wMjIMY6TZYN+ElrRVoyOzAQXSQReTBA4ycWLAhK1Rwj1ZkDUbrcNDCTKFMYBi7rRoAHlRo1iwKgxe0CDbNcaIEDR23py9GTbGR7HTFvr/k/nEWh0VkgmDSLpzgACB4CEy9KJUDaN06FFjsuEK/Lql1uMEXIOpxxhH42gDqIoIDITiKzuh8zNicya6mf9kE2ueKRsLRCg6JuZHecTuWK2+8ZCU/Pnn/011QP6p9r+1wt2BhBtgxoPky7OWEKTpXIOQRg6t/g9vPplnCyVpik17qNZlGSLAjJAsLLnslfoGJKkozHxvGPoqSyUR5bVErghd2Zro2pvb+vf70IPVWcnU1ODPcrL556kencGkIDYksZRXugCrUGUJfm0ofO7+PeNFCJ3ZOg0K9OFvJoIQ9P6ooCAam/jZjlEC4nK1FJQKxXKHjZpxZzBxsceWx1oaTQAw5xcZt4YSH9zDEPYrtap8eHhzpt3uWzXRcWOAGI1ebJhORqL8FHA6cjAcIZwhPlpuofOcOGEiTclsJBUyqMvWifKA6lka6DNqr0WXDRN+PURaBco82ESidXjwzxWeWDA7lMDhRYQGsVg4wfrzXxv8sq9eeLsJZ5Cb/I2FHZez0vh7Q6k1sgwTIaZqBNaEw4osxjGOZqPTi0UjDFu4Iq5uF3QFvb2+kzCY9MGlV1t9KG8A/T4hQaVxecQ1cjEA363UEwrlZ3q63s6M7zutvaLqXOfXlb280DOtC6Q8J3LI+07AggUJjkSjuU0fFU4zYgYGHHxIzNA82sD95oi/tItVXtrdP6gcOThGxtURB1bVVGD8qq6EVKbK6yyClmkxTjhMQkblKYxde9T/deHL62/8dRYZ72qPnmxD4CxjienJ/f374gcos0EQ1iGQoHFAmod6cWwjaWcnBGYoLAdoXFdUKihbAVIradcbDHngOiNdevLsYoSswZDpAHBe7rtFcbqOIu43XJRFYLagIEg7n+tb4wvJM9s8B+GVJO3Hp8dGQTDXz452Tmu2L5ATM+ljJYLhogw1ILiOGrMMjDOiKyhKmBiJoLhdJhFY8JPHhBbOEE1DWFY3oe0mDQmfcuL+WlF31NPo/h203MJdWp8bHwZz6Wu2Pxnt/YPATA/0XfqpczP7wSI0Jhinw2LM+1kAiDByOV4KGuXIemM0JcOOVEUJxk/SuU3Nnow2F0UEG9+Y45wYEcNtI0mj6L2RebymacaW/x667Px7mtrvnq4sxe89u6Bpev/uC+LpfqBIVb9kgLGdwJEgiNyRqii5sSkk4J5gyYK8nrXx8CoPeMPGmxRe1COMHA4w8CCSWCrtELFsboYIAmdfVVPXWFQeI4e3fOtmQz38TnkoND/6OvpP6UAs6nTQbxr6sc/+OOHJ4797N/3rnT3rvxKw3YF4tWhQiRS23VYHR+yMkGXGXgYh4vxwItU2gm74ngws5hJZ9NhKpwrEDGlAxQqc2BFqay4VGpYpbLee+eVV//1X/W37e4Nn+l7ymup9pmkUtU61dN5zvHF54+Tf/uwW9XR9NZHkx1jCoBqwHYGomcmnJStzB/DYgRwcxhK8d+iHIIGgIbKhmm6CoZlnIOlScqPEjptDoiN9+1USTFASqCauZZCIL969cD7x9/c/R/TSh9SXyUVr9bVdaZCJ6hoV/M+pD/5ZbLrglKp6jqkUqaO/aJbpepIqQ5+1dMOTGHLtgYCxBirAVKaRdiYIUrxptC68skesb7cDJx+OydD7LqgXYbFhFFzJIAIxyFzMUA80+5VOxePvvL2r/mn47uPt5hrhTpwDVYSiJaY4xqwx6hRiAd4Fu7gahUhOPWLXz08lrndfKFelRrt2HfiT/WTtxaa931y4DevATsMtjeQ3GVwkXISBpWLHBlcs4ehgiOzLnlQbuWcTG7nmdBhUr/owaQ8EJscExX21H++9/Xc+0eOCJUqYCkn+TUYFVmshCkUqZ4mKoQv4zOuAzL14I2Fu19039zf1JFqrlc2pzjH3XP7Ptr9073v/LNqJwABHgflsFUKQrd0bf/JGKrhc70aVKPTueTrLSZG54GEjA2ywl0nbx5Z/viXP/xJTvLFdRp1WVRUjjoDUfm0iRUJ8S0SXwdkvPngKP3g4E3V6JWlR0tKZf2STL6g/OQPv3/rd3t/u82BtOdrDPz4OIkgnMHx0DrRYyh01dxWeuqRKGEpAPL2j5YLUyvPBlhUWlnpxST2Eo/RIa7yRwFoIQLatUCGp+rrU8qrKVXq2oNHD5VvNB88dEhVr+xaGH385wMfbGcggzNtnWP5XRsK2JWmOEzObL7ot+LUGyQl4sJq73u73xNevr733ZUMXuKLa0qNvkh5IlKt91n5TGVEUMtaIKBH9fHhJuXFKaVKqVTODnWfONakVF3G79BPHv6fmjMNaiJN43g7cgRQxqSZmCDkgJYQIESSlsilIIekOVoMMWIAOZIoJGI8BkMkwAYVQYgIQrg9kCxIhKiIREAWdUUEZmatgp0ta3bdqp2qLWur3CrLqvmyRzfgAo7OzMKHwfdbUulOun95n+Pfz/Ocv1os+WSBSEzoW6tMVJ1TqcDyXRte710eg/HjOh/cge87c+FYOf5iJT2Gth5AqNciILUnmbn55VcTAw++L/tS+R+LhGd3iGgsYMiSVmFCIBKcYsKfSU21iUfdGHtnkutfS+tUnyCQL5VKCZCDTjzwLZOJ0E5YqgEAuwC3AMHmhPcef3JpvAhuAZsZyA7H/8+xLssHwlgPRDkuDnv3Z28LDN8W1/CjA9z5HI4H8WNAlOhoMOHJHRQdfTHx0oi26usUB9hTBl/CAyMITlm7KYpPDohGTyHVKRXyBB/CkxbhREJZqVQHAL47nD3pCwZiExef4EnbHO37bNvpg2ENJ9nYnYvnLh8Ix82H4bpUfm+4cOHYB60+0W4jke/+YSDVqHGEPg6TSDVfmxvvYGYLpigSm8C+MiMCXn/gyzOI5iX6A7m5+z4JIEq0dNCSplfJB4fN0antLB/PwVQNYM+LSZhvPbCjegOczQG+XkAsz4H+1/Qz/KCAqvVx2SvsU3fnA8BSIEDxx5VAor93LHVhv9rxNxLnfUiF2mIFQWOL8FbwVympA2MwIipi17e/MtzOHBUw6BaKcm7/MUtKmCfyPwEgHWpWY+NgqqquZnT6Kak7kmD+Wv320u4Y2pywBVwOYAVxBQJ6EM0b3yE/MPfTguiC4NPM/BVVLr5bC0B0FVK0bkG99XZ2CvNb3Ju9ibxzV9Ks3IKl7GHUd/0hOhOEwH28l+2UmhThpMA8TkpWHot7/E1W4hvr77V/eI5vd6A88UYhKr9ekl27+oFUtPgyCFVqhc5EgfQViCXC8768bP3OSAJjM66J2PHcCL5ukQ6zZe9cWsIPcf6Rnlgu/z37IMBaduWifRgVW0uKrSWtqEJVh1bPf8zeYdfl+PgN5J3OAH9Lkmv8On+AaBsfnLQRcCcCYVw+Hzt6vpRUqe/upZlfwq0i0BBkfgRj5yj/dqTo6r/39LTVZ/4LFwDOZInfvLDUTB0+tuqBEBWpZSPDFiRHUlxdLZGYkDQ1PM5bx+9NcAvBFfIwFp0eEbyV5xPggDtW/9xt+x4F+PCiT4WXAxy75QJxiXIgEAhL6rI0eKVhsfRddS5XAOCZOtnJzc9hO8fWxw+P7+wjyC5kKtGOGubBxQzpfJGD45hs5ujwuFxXASF9Q1aoAntv9/fZ7HMwRBFmajEGlzLqpVWRw0PItbOrf4fo9Oq+vtRWLAsxYdZWoqmD2qd5XCApOHhuWH0wRmaLPz2IMSdZ5Ydn+/+tKqqIfQH7wtgVmCzO50u7cBVSvBjB1LoUSCgjeMt6xhruDkIY9luinF2pVE4s2caRw4mdN1lEeshQptpYClUCGjlCQiA9ZqMc/85uat5TmPWtBWnKuATUxt3u5NHpnrL6jNUNhKjUVAPVXSJ9Zat8zNouxeyFRipqp7yWAEfeRVBkQvAW+0W9GUXMxIvHCpgZ+StrabMVBAdxf2KHYCbrs9D4DYy1tN8eiaftvhxxGSD6+BzhcPlcqn0Yx8bRy2UOCIflYLYiwjoN3imCZYdgJeZuQh5f7zxOQdrYfywtxEWy7CZh2XDjNOXciVUNRGdKhtEO/GYrQbm6dFDWAeikr6t4Fkg1W0r6obXvzEk2mxlegMcrKwGyw3btmiUdVJI66WIfMuvUPbixtn58zjoq2TbJG7CPd3Jaz8e8hx2V7+FF9bbjuGJeyJFFH4NksKhLUawhSdVGA3aKf37TJHx4EzEgJc9KCwPzy4uyDx+X9Q0ghekNqxZIcfWXgEk2OWjEGyWJJuT+eKe6phVQoUNBDoJS00cGB9QWMEv6s5iny1csndjwd0XbvRdlocl1P1dmiMVXHLI7DoQM+HPJvAg/F7c70KsyMUSB9XpKTQ08IFMBEX+5cutP5w+1pDY9hJpOXo3T3rzR35yX16M91VBwKjd/FQKRdIhQfSVqGTELDHVEICcZGmp8JKZ0ASq4LNqhseVjQAq0zaiws409p6M685cPhBg61yC1OA/RVf/84f4edgAxjOpFdeV6Jf3H8UlIyNbu7r1TsknEmAbeigkxQogK8PiuR837rj8TFMPN6eHspkMkcE/evcOBF7LP95/LmlUZVhmQjuTxUQNEGWykPzGKAECVopZZX8iwza6TGqqip7Fr+iCQg8wr0okhA3gtA48lVzTJYUNUqFsYMD+V1HVuDm9t7S8Y1uuNZyIb+e5kL49QS4fiH5cFkwMssXEoefo+iEybaTJU53Sk4CbY9+DxdfG9/i++ONcMUsQ9agpUn5h94ziKdtYzD6w2IDr07YMRQamwz3fYN60ip9IEWZ6SIBIuYqlQ9S2oQvLe8Jn8q0W46HexJHmCNfLs+XH2rArB+2z5QLb7uUftdp2b2+u/MIn3l6wtWz2d/e3WbWeMQeoaVANUps6kGS2yR2OUbrhdDHWV/yb0ILO+MwVp709vut0Mk/L2HNI2wc3th9Pz3rwYGgD7z642IDnoVwKC2UqilPalSVvlNWqwpptEQlooGrxBDEQrJYDboj6XS6fDtdrAU/nA6RvCoYfnS5ozs+L2rdCHrAuKEMxXLv5fy3uT892jrJjgsM97J8EJ2kwa2tGFpiA1r+4e7YMHboFQstJ2rwtQFJ517ZpWm9dZCO6Bbx8C20rge7C2Hx2K9IlMuxJevqqAVFeIhN2bzZ5P6zSt+i5Fct9gZB8Iwu0TgtJWok7Uab0PVyxRV09pe8SdzSUZ5UVasfV3bTAIZfYnYte0N365QLxjPWxsOLgO8tNAuGuclphF1+0s3t4YAkPQ6+vt1DJltqZCJJI8WVQhQkqNMzMGIYmkJzrgz5f3Xzxxlt0j/XN/SiGYlwcWNombp9Kvycsc6E/wwOtXBpKjUC3odtXYLe8GW0a7Ic2sdEKB5WNDanDU09xoFEkqU8oiIy1y5Ybd/zugIb1QOv5c1p51sTauSV5IEmb2W8XaXABY67VcIP6Ozg70d5n6xxeVFcmiLaqt2kRjRcb0xvjQaSEBXkBryyClnUJJlRmSlcWqDlVO2uSd/xJ3rkFNnWkcP15qQx2H4cTDxgVDYpIeklg1MQmBrAJG0CQmkUuCgYRLQjBcgiFBkXCRQDHcKQIhILBcXZA7XsplhUpRqVtBbN3VsQ7Tuh922ll32w/OdPbLnpNwcaddQVvL+fZmkpmT9/c+z/v8n/c5z/n2inL5BOQEMfXOQh9uODSUhWWRQ7UN1Dxt3WT9nNAmqVlXIBHd4V2KsOWAslMr5vtUgOH5jjtPwQp7ugSNBkGdb/1kQRNwqYdPQMv+/rDS8ivruvThhI9V2SwBWolFcbLhPLNYgSYhtnu/uctClPYHR1cDgqETMPBLlSbHYdQ4BuRyC5O/EwlFLgyNYUMfam+qHA0DErTWG5O0b//K3rsC5HFpdmioTYdN1WW3EY0BzThVj9BkrlrfPSQlfJRhLVg6FwCaZtACdkOZ43TzXJhQ+Pl4PCi9JKwbrMCFJVxSUXrrZxVn96y4Co1NKiZhbiOutwawU1s69F/U45UNCBDfkDcHcniv840YrwRymELwgt9bGZ+CvQi+12gY+gAd+W1EiUCpJF/xYo0uAmFZSQRaxTWepXwrKnGqJTbB4HQRFpTF2fTm0thWwEgsutjRbH79hNavC6SpfYLdi8zx4rDbwOitf7I4TBRUjJFVSrA7ojMKFLTPsKS4gtkHF/Ij/FZeIJdVJBi/0UtSNKOWrmkjj9PYI+S8wl/YfMblUOCu1YAcYIrhwEUzRHc1b09YfC2N4BXo4/zoX2Cjom6UPKNNPL4NPasagelXKhhuO15Ydu/fDQDG6BacUmYquq4OSLI74kK7CNKr9SLj+gKpRUyid065BCQxvOLPDwz5p53JrHDDDA4LgtKSnGTpGMwfV9bmC8lNHwGUg8YPk5ylUq3R2fFXRodk6kI0lRV9kawy4GycyF9WdQJs3LAkDF9xuR/a6OSx3d+XhPDz2LiPlubLhmFUwrzbK26PV5KFYPh/8AyY7YGE7PEXcH85ViUKKJX86O+x4VQlp89WpI9dEee5RFt7V7uNalxXIGWscR/a2EqW6GwYS9u0OIqoBUElDmsYVNWmaK1swmRF0+nEZGQ10hfMl9WcwhOI/KhJV7fEKbMvSxx/qzK6rWX4OhFVu14/84x6TW66JjNmdSDbSCT2fmDNYa8/TOMvvmNwLyWY70vZ6eio9ulYe1PnnUHY4uUFI/4zuazs7J4s88f37jXrM3/PtohfPNekv6TLqyUNgpHBqzibqHo9gZxrEhaoVg773dycUw5EJCeeBkpAEEdWho6NkLu1iHC/4Xi6G1lK34x3abX9+lJiRitQnckxq4nnIxdXmSZAlLU45cVoQB9jzF1cgfbCQg1VlMGhVtasBuTItuXWGmtJS9PRPgXOfjg7PfEkF8YOR0c1gq8P4M7Es3k+h5nO00WXv5Waou6MCDui7cCWreXBj2I1VctBrr303szE7ckRXal9PYEApxNKun+atUuu1bLyz+bfmW2X6cB4Ba6ztnF2btTZlK0m9puCEWuDzGTqaO4oSQQijcaXKgSWZjvwC5HovFFDJXIDUG92MoNLhCBRpPuuSm7SakA24A8e/N3aLYRE98JTDiBhmbc/My1YLg8mHXP3oFB8LGmnXJkEjJ+FInYczhy1zLdFPZzwHXdm2jNv8YcnpiVL925Uh9+cxPQ+UKiN6wrk5ymFqa42KqRhMxOfISLd+jnuUmK+QimQhqFETpQGT9x2SyYAACAASURBVNw158mQIF4Qlx1e9tMk/Ie51VX372ZmBkDE8yIqBFUCZyQco52aHjDPFP9T8/99wlKxtWvIUnumtVybYQZfzGRsAlx5JJIFz7QED8CbtgYzPH399/MCg2CfvzsLkTcwJP1hzCAM23EWVaXPjuq6oJu6T3P2U40pTe1h1t/oSV1nC1mWhGXdCUvBb3IJWcUCsWCY9uoDHCj7TKYMz8mJ6noyOxOOGFOuXtV8vahDFtevLNCZh6X/m4YtTqcSOVwR9X7Ilg+yuNTo6al/SKCqKm6M+4/6kGf6L2mMZ9SYVwvDUyFemNWF4fJ1iMGgHGS4sHl7CXQMgc/kUWAvEnzEQgrihQDviJlHiluTclH3uW13hk3LuN07R27TANWi5qiHj/Mupk4v3Oe5bEYNv01QMFiAa3tdZfhWgLglRnUNKfIdkt0tJZyM0EDG0pIoIU6h0N4Z0eYkascpkzxVCXBGdL1RiRVgQ03ZBePYvMcKp/pdXPU156mFkZH2AOojEoP5SSw07cmAv+IQOZrTlCn9hPjWPEH8/SpAvLds3HzgfY+1AtkP0zCUND8vDNPVP5hNC2ZY5OUEAj2NIbfw0Bf27skVcalcJJrdvwMoVHc1Dj4Z0pmTnMowukGHNRWV/lDu4v3OnhhOm0n7BmXYbwVIRP49K99qcDxJjITsgyCIHbUqwZKcxCbD+NzcUJNbisKKwUxW1KJFGnUqMgsU9A83PmCpp1AgNUkZothCdH+0Q0nupPJNGdBzMa1er4fmKXJY/BSCMk8xvuZOWafzyinPA86slu3dePSo91qBvIf2KYDlcjlv144B5KLQB9ICPeUwyYXEPE7zPWTkZthP2jXcXM8gxHP2pQoVpsuxxSiQsU9s2CFWB65IA3jvZB/999cizlNi7GuXxb8NIG7J0ps+mNvOHl8pLCu7HQQNBqVQeg74KF+pUoYlA8naK7frZw2dQKyNzPq4JZWFTbWRhRfNLTpJZeR5fUN/s1qChMGZnO3lFBpjmrtgIfSaIWjaQvryrh6CMnbAQfO3fhD1zT1DSyBWyfb6BZF2rRXITgoFz3PhBeIt/MA/4fHHPTz4ct5Ami8cyMTT6YGMWxnvfkfHb9Y8TUP80klN9OV5SHMGjXKbtUW67CGTfsxEdGzsx8SWR99/teJ7T5x0+q6YpKSTv7mFJEsHb2DqnZ0mUoTWemQvV/T04BAgwLmEzgTUlXUqesYMYTmAqD+u7m6p3sQCWaGhujhBV786QG3CymRxfRoASJegtUG0Bei+he93F4KmLPPREJcLcZO+Y0yoqZBGw9UUrwbE23Xf+8Ca95C9Qfg/EsoxBCaFztuHpkV2M+FgCpzmd2Q3A/Ppi+jWYzyaj9i4QEEj6UyqOk8vQbftJPNFHBiq65sf1ZmdVuG2GQPzXN0c9UPVlQFcriQJRUglUolZxb+1y6pVWT2fONoSuuVEVdA947GGC2RHFdPyVxJq/0vd1Qc1cebh9LAaqvbE+CpiTFghxiUoLsKySU5MDAoYEq6IEENJQmIulGtQky3bJJgJNaBMDJSSA0TPQ6TTHhXxuIpWqyIfTodqq8U7xbvqFVHLOe2Mnc457c3c3G74DAIaOyPt/rVMmMnkfd73/T3P73Pzn9+m/COMvx/f794a3tDkaLzMOH1qa761JZkRnJ9T6FIbbJBCxmJLLqJXAl6IeIiB768Co+o+pAEwfvcOgcmlGpPnicJwNXsOM4rmTzxkNtW6S5Ahk3kru5ay+AlsZCUtCWF2XIcVsYIOuuxH401vsOBAeuqRepQ8EgpYtTetwQp6PjG7Rmh75m/XRIqpIpgSzGY36TBnqRytUBqcWInnObOs329+NXvTHwdp1uupO7JjskhR+Iddb782NqXWGwgxGc3/LtuyKTnXQRAO/XEJf09uYfiOg3pGeLhDhLqA7hFHxrwJ93VqNJAUBQD78nZX1yPyHQMAlNQoLFIprn6CDZlLW7cyyB9AFgSStpwjCw2NXk3RZiQjgs6dS6P9Jhq5jpm+udHT0/6wU01R24asTz/7JLkJp1USQANVpd1rPxY8FHT2chIT4dLazsm+arOvSehfZoFwWP3GvMC5eeDw86a9u17f92bmCAV+9zXq713vZqVn7RtX1+LBrVeqzQcOaTWleH3MHnrHLfJ8fFh0aSsjTVtvzq9zSIvv4rBOUaEjZXCNCGAuo/Y8x4nmwShuk8KwCLeJJtOGQ4AEcFgcpp8Rw2XLY4tIdR69nkqo5POLhEyKFixd49HIcWPj3qt97ZRrpzH9wrnz3OwDosoKYNnVrqrKDc+vh4aFh8KpAZBFCtq6+67wijg8SZQIlASxkLiMl6X48xeGQUE+oUB1ueW/6R99XBY+vojCU9x32wVJnQU0WyuVCtFTyAh+/1/8U8nmkzEtX7yT4wCwqLx0/WDWiQW2dV87SpfdgWFCmRQ5gAHT4pcKcEw9FSALZs5clRTidwg3io8gvJlUUX1CAhI4XMmjho0NMfq/nOgyUb5p/Z5A+tkyM2qQA3sEcs1q1RpFw5u/gvIlQCKVRg7At+7mMFZRig44l3PZoYLPCWJalbpX3zXV51S1MyVlb43vKRUkSVQoKd1x2Gh+58JnH80nbWPakTRGMCNmr5G/rQVVj4ZwTZjiATeCwyoBkCGSi9xGRd0IV7AItU3p7R16/I2ph7z44lKvUozgNodRByQogB8xgNbltGrPXaqSV9KKHfrqs/s/33ZMqobADzu5oUd728CQp8RzmLpTyUu20/2dCkD/Q0J5zd+0d+lmImGhvIsi2zQDYtMWpqYzjqmusauzHqvMmDNjWAU6Cjdtyq/NZ+TkzmeYD4XvjmnsOW12USxxKB5SKpUbHrg33IEhIpPHojvuW9o20JH1+MRy2AtIkDfFZMUzADL0rIpr5sdyqfT89UKxu1er/1vvV+fL8l1qmhI9Gf7B6W1btE4DJGq7wRUKJa7hGLqHAATc3UlykN6+NgwQTATpuNu38UpiGFfG+xqrmV5AFK6G94+f2ZZcb404+PhUgZDh66CgBGps0rbWxTCS56c5tPpL2S3G7AYqHDKSBlSDorZyArOVaEIkYfSrV3ErO5TXPxUgC+gCDlOy5tkBocVvDGWL3eQLi0XvaHekXxALoklyS65phaqWMnOaAo9cKm27daPvKhgO2dYAy8tt7e0qFQkJUAE479GjYki37FbfFcnDbzHL9DoXybOdfpx/8dPg/KoPgn/3WBu8sNGMEjXUdDl1S3B+7cmcdtWBV7PNh0jhSy121HCZmcImEmnyaHmYIl7obofRbg6fO4BapriygqiOcjN+AiAJJyJCJRtoS6ISZGxxr+vybt5OYc4B7z4xaSAXaiPf8jBch5KXFKmdFGrqEwswsTq7utu6QFeP6joOAArBeAGtwKLtgvvuLEqaXkCcTfozVFIMI5eRnPXW+GrVRaM1fXZr7pEzSHVMkza9utvYkMzIqR0kLZGjReseSlUVSOWKlI7vYHC3P3RABxmmVOqx8cyfckKWbzzRjCxcyUFksujoFM1e/e4TO7Y4hqzA4PLTPOWwlGTiREENAQMIN9B04L7sPyqrUQu6rZ3CRhTgFYPyRFlTszhzXhHzlSXTCIjJuqUsbr9gR8tJ/SmqS6Hvp78a7dJg25v6cRxbkF0HWoLL7pnzW63SwSjc+Ji6shxAOp0IQiGCgFD71CHc7Slr/TfqQbOZ8UOtVdYmvpc0y02V2pEHVY023RMec8iV4yI2NTaixFRph+V5NU5UqsSBqrfjmpU07KrOi7dUD6U+ZnzB9tiMjMDF0wZIpbRen717W25Tzl+jmcj44TSy90Ze8fr0PYHs/QcbgKrKfKRFKzcNORl8yxE8ThSmSGW5QVlMEE7l1MIwUjzS+92PJ0DIQsYMMKGqUMO8c9INOIpKyyf0aHoqRcSCB6z+f6I2OyZVOW51qgD4sluLdYs1uvFc4U/ulIXrV0wTyzqMttaZT2p/YHhzrrN8xeGYZOsKrf5D3sV/hNdqTHKXS2QZ8fn4AlIObAqDSS5SPsFzO9KV1H/aO4svpg9Hcr0HJmK41C4zJU45mS/Kjqn7uUykwwkpCUgnp6wKpLF2XhfOm9DMrU2YlThv4XQAQlNT28qZlFV99ihr/AkZA4gSrWJkH9xUaDTRPAr1mF24fWy7IAVWntnPEQ+gtqcCZJ4gMWGhv4AEMfl0ZvSYdlBJbH4C1VE5lrdx3eTsBVJyYtmBspuwQqmDIBjWlcOmqDD3ags2SeV6QHRRXMrM5w8IKSEo8bdva9kXu8PfpE0GCM0OtdY11Bpt42ns2rGdspxQQQA3lu+2iQqeBpBlr6RsD/H7ylosQcaVbVHbaBaTE3cibNLugCT5I4FkuYthkmaoi4traB4dhtvzSIk+6RfNYAuFa5eueu6AeH9S5r7NqY+xLJ9yBDUuEhGP5wX4rI1NShMw2XTZ15DhaQBZGRuRuMRvQGgh2ydo8psUzRbLJJMWqyghWxQPkUXKiZEdVeoUwbA8b6pvWvLS0hfWLVk+DYCQzxu7MqfQIV4GMNEF7QNIMaxchwSypgoWjgUkdOVIrxN/TsiEc+FWxPHEPObkw92dwKIesHu7gYzeDWrFE+PqSYuiMpD4KNovZp66D+01QLaQMJn7R8jyVDZkduBqsb8sK0nARSb89+XCZsFUfVdI/odiUvsz/MRlqyU7xSt+DoCMTPpUmiom8/HM9lmEYkxnv/k9Kn86lrUico7fOiQxmh3B9Zket2qdIJ68qoKeNOxWmVdsL33GlVj88qyfAyC/HhRInnL0/+yd3W/jWBXATxPbiRM7SUXl4MSxs7GSGjtO3HhNFNcfxLHHFusi+2UekBYQElppHzAj8QL7shUPLBpVPKzEsuIhICF1NA8MWsHz/gPwP2EnbYcOLf1IOh+bHFW6Uu3Y596f77n3nPv100+f/uTqSHrjcof94w++817mD98KiKICId8RCMMWF2NSL5s/74DZb6fPPMYe1ha8BUDOQie/+vVXz97/+Wffu7KYj15ZY/j5H//y0Y0PPp9KGg848o5AwsdMV/rvtjvbQjXbg2WQwDceiKQsI8J/+v4Xf//Nz55/cmMbcls5AzLkmZ07h99R3bu0Ersp6cUTXaij8M0HsvRDfv/8W//6+svuh3++suu00p6LSsm8ux/yqiRHBzMZrFFhU4B88tn7v+W4bDz0qqbal+8PRBHLCrkyEGjJe7B36GxMDcnGTL7+UvrF3z743boefD7r5FTxkdWBLLzq/cHGAPnova++/Y8vPnz26ZUzEU9WWGOoiroirAeIUIcNADJRls7Fj/7w72d/fX61c7FCG1LHmlYV1gJE5YRNANI5MwMf/+Dp0+/+8oewZiB5uVzke2sB4s82Akh8vinA5z++1rnQSvcGYiVeXUnWAaR1r/0k3j0gfvxAeVsCoVkb8uo6gPT01kYAuY1oKxwKVlj8rQGI8Dpy+hYA0W5hCA7Xs2/vahVkgm0GkFnt3QDCSYXNANLN33zPuP/GgWBPKrAFsg5PfU1A6n5jC+RCbPlNAymoABsC5DZtyP13lFsXEPkw2BQg81sc+PXmG3VN35gaEtzCNh9V3jCQ+nG0MUBu44dgzTcMRDCEtxrIOjtGzVscExyqq2tZLd9fx90qvCaJ7wfEk5F1iWyXb3yY/Mi++wtl5fKMnYp7b6Vl4kUVeS0iW/cak6xbpzvrklPfvvFhp/Y9XnhqXT4bUb2/0qeWvb4M3/AmGraylbddaGMenR3PO3zZnehchJyrFx1D6zYBx4K5LdIVO375GOnQVZIsD8cuBXtRKENSJXudfohBglLkIJmXgC73gKFSW0iQUDUKw76hhmqjH/agR6jNxJBBLdNCMpfNEdrcFuoqwvs5a65xOdYYMnkMqAOCoWcOajvMjh1rhinSo/Q/pMLWNQoChkhQzlZqU1t3vN5+maGnjkjPUKYn1pgkTclJX9gW6iriOXQt15YFqyi3e6mtmsIOKkJkE2gdd1MPUaMZUJyaP5N5CmQPAO+1+FqO5kAjeXAtGzjDA47oWu2+BnjJ2xbpikBo2DE4GYt921ZaQB0ZU4SBvu+UO3zF6w9FumuIfTY3I8Wshsxlwt2p5Q2ZE0RkNGeQaSgiGvCRWO3TU+DJabKtIStJKQBaJYNWmcA6igod1kl2I6Bk02wkUFHURNXLMZScXJAtluvlEwiJJq0G5G4isw4Ccr6X3pi0hso8iNKUJPa2hbpGqf/PMk/Mv+7e4em2vLayla1sZSvvtGANGGDQDIJWQYDG5XDCK+H11nL63+BiFmBw7sXuBtcF4gvXXBF6ZvrjDh3AyzMjby/BHmAD2AvqDUGA1uD/KX12ChB2ETIJzvuxwrUju9dcwehe+tuA7qTZonYfCkjeB28MhoeoBgE5/NI17vJYhrKzDAJdDFZczNvdY69bfUGxl0MPrWVeVcbDbcFissnUtUd3Xirg54EVQfFLgZMD51JPqoBfVsVejlIUL0aSmfPwFMVc52KYzCsklt+px2qMYOhFsQ/JiwdbsZjoTUZv8KhBMgeWIbX9ZssVUbCCPYt+wlbTnn0Zcv3ELdqCYjVsLr2ke5aAuVoIU3KQJaToTtJaQ+NeKbC5OZR93nFERGi7ohzoBdnj5abF5xfZry5HOqa19FOLui1otJqTmXJXpQ2xobMC2yfo9MfOmLMKdU6sFOwGdoo8YtKyinNQRnI+Xtv1y4HP5YBjeAWoolYF3VwksdjODn8hcZzu+FwMiq2himYOOFcbDllIeG/YsnlnURHKSwX5PsyM7hCaGGhd/qGAtKSEs+PxsFipcYP5gSlW/DYtIbraGmOT7JhNlANLISRTJx1LQK2DoTUx2Qpn0ZKpIbhFT0onfWOU3shzZuqQWSMVF3uHocE2j6uVE0rHJnE8To4QtZCaKINjjWzYYJR9plYxUyBi6ZO7esPUJHLbySTQyLbVUiSTJT2L7tIng84Y68qpLjUbuLmtmxPTLu8R1kHgMb1JSXTkboc1p44sIRKpZPMZWdscYI49Cpi2/DhWtOC4VGaHTF0iUbbaldUUiGloUyPTly+eSuhk8f6uKlEPRWQqOn1xvFusKjbMedhxpgngKEM1x41xpkbYBsshfHBzTj5m0Vlpx4LTHYnBWVlDumkSTqA1Tu2EyTHVkEFnZDuEMTUct6TmblpW9CHuMVhedBtZdNUbL3bO7GbGjlhYhunYOUbuqPMuKxqhyIKG+A4oLrQN3QQmpzfqemOSGcX8DhRzlgJeyQ7RKXow5MrQdkYizpps70DDGVQHNashMs6UFDEcmVokTJokS00Ak3oMcsjx4sCa2uktPWLKENlXxPMhJXcXxnuf2FceCojyTyR4xAOeC5lhKIKt1Ph+d4jX0MOmTqSZK42TruO4qRVWTh2PPC7ZR9EksttJ3GRI301ibFxW9tPSJhFfrBVLj8k081LHlBqPCYelTgaskyRUFB0sGqTc0lEuj6OIoCRHRuMREfLaXZtI/4VqvvBTm1nzOvki4IbbjrudKaEcCNI8tfgVNhlV7BqIiY/afvJkyI8jSebsJBbGJm4l/bo0t2dpDUlkvOha/cfmNN7rNhI9OJ5b4lDH9DAi1aiy3ObJWRa+WMnOgPORsD+xQmvyUHH5YbsBNgkVumHnZQOikqAUI+j4ilIguX7aShK2IyMxVGkyaVpWvlPK+yg0FdcRQnWRmG3FSbXru7Y6sGtKpyqDMwicQddy1QYBHcuPKduNFxOe6bOpvrHrR0BZrkP+h71zD2oqvQJ4dpmVoLLbECJIQLhAIAEirxiuaDA8FJJIwPAK4ZEHhEd4yEsggCgCgRgRAxgxCPKcVTSOohMUfDMd22117dJaq9bWbp11dmbrztSZnf7X5IZAErJQmbjJdfr9Azf3cvngd8/jO+d892iMbkLI++osYjwKG+eH2BmeEB/juE8zeewnXo4ISlxIDCII6aj5v4VEhVCS12suCCJu3fWl3bp9dnFnER52cRtQGxLcNF8QRK+QjZrH4NO4KJdNmr81YScFH4MN/8wb90l8wroNCMqu+OTw+Phk6Elx1DkvkLJ1C4n7kqgFZPfBd5Fa3KF2h2FuJzzgI17iwDHXhvrFJ43Cr2XYI9byQ/i1DtPtHGu/k7mBWPhjUIgPOun/bfht8XRYw9iWuHvlC5AOlhzRxi8mcVzbpH9meG6J1N0uIMySc9b4mGsB4hi1FhGxJ+7xWPECtwBvCz7C9snGqYnPY1AWvDsqIRy6nb13paMFRQ91dk0Fr2us7d1cuXLizG2PnyX1qoW3tJmMvfo1XYSnJW/7ixZbb925soZ0q4QPEGylPgS31x8PVyDY4JWXbm7+wbABQmnRx0w9gmArIcG4VdxBPAo2QJJDF/MH4V/AFciqEhSVABsgHpsXH56gOLgC2YTEfzRGnWhQr4t3himQzXtW8bIqKbABEmEgFrsc4ApkNbe3BT5A/A024n3R4vFxAkF54+ECxMMw++KW/vnHCQS/0wMuQPDJhlPdveX/NsTKQBKMZrq/xQWWQLx9sB8LkJhEI3lJDIIlkNUGjNxeT+MaHxcULIEEr5JBtt/vBhcg240L4p2Rm+AIxJm4cnDRnuhsy0BOHDtfqm+L+amxLGNDPOAIxCPIGAhH3i3nwGYdUpzF6sk8qWvli/U29bqIKBgCMXF75WSBSkBuh4lRP3DkYUfsbMUEdODnb6Ki/Fq8YQ9ElDstFJKmyuTwMOolqY8ivE5fT4F6aAWlmyxh7cPs4A5EylDQrs6eok8v9afAb9xqs0BQJan37nidntEB+VWs6fldOLgD6ZeN/eb27lvX+Q2LLbRQLjYcOsk4eaUj4lG+TmXtX/ZCNUplMMyBNDcIv4lAXvwmU7DYttC2M4bFWdk5mYOHoO/XLTfhsbvgB4QSZrAOYcuarvjfir5QLuPCZKV+sGCiXuf24gOXvx59Yzz8gBgX9OWphTnXcoSdvD74rNQXBMMl3XH5OSwedkA2xS/MGULApqoGxsbV5KVGedg4FxsHsqh7zeSa42JgB8QlCgLSLGHy2jWuFbuGDJAlhm2U4VLkEG4ui05JgB0Qe61X29coG51SCJjaViEctlH/FjdcODyAmH9N5EYK3IBARl1e1pR1jnROVbe8Yy9sor1xZj2qQC9zn3Lk4na2Dbu9vYyhrOehHWfKZf3wBRJoFshnO8yYdRGZwAAI4j7bAlLYVscTsyEgbKD8we3dp+/RJ5f3fMe6e8MCCFbfTby30FDlJrQsa8zU14yRFEo53WC3TQEZoR5WKFTkKgoE5OEMDnnxT+aAWHh8MCBuDpC16G3XPPs8g1bdW5a9qKyXyUNs6HL3EwMcGwLCoSqFmfmkIeBZi0ZlMYeEs+5fXzGnsuAiISjIpvdKMJIqUR1hKVx9dlk5EBus+jHdvSvxBSiyISDth4UzOwKvOqm/a4GM+rhvD31MlQcno15y/mjBgcWjZGgLoQhTdfCnb0U8wmJrua12phlPLti/OxLpFfYTWW5DQOqUWYkBSJ/8S4z99hq1KpZ1TisFPDMybLNASpNSxoQLuSnNiArUmgde3db5u2V3QUybtFcv4qbz5wBtP/g7BIS+BkdsDMg2CIgjlDEcqWHWicx1vHW20XXIoay3XWGz2cf0x9HbtBqL3C3Jffkq9o8Agcpo1Dm265dtGW4kv5hLTAxhMnttCEjb4dSZHdu1KmsLPLcj1KPHKsaeHz+pTYXUHx08NqfdvNjHYOben/NKVMuUA1MqALLteOwy9xIExN++o5L7bcnL4pAVqdkVvpcIXNMzUnkdU7LkpmC9bDOWVeqUc62VVHFS87gU+A5MlR+B3usjxvy1KzTxH2Xj58azaUpdmm2nUUylTwwQyBgMhizh2tbCsJk8OTStBkQuPsYrJw5PoBwaLWvstW0bghp0ynEPPIMuQCBOJA0PDQ///u9aO15Ipr5uCRQoaS9z//aIJICs9r4Ww5ynGOwuLBzhEUbe45d9KCAj4pr2JbPNFjOZjVyjUtK+wkJp3uSYsILe1KB3HG00H3Io6wJfeI7uVIJAbKCnocdyntyQ6EQEvCvDjA/nTqon00YbIRk37M3EJnQfmsP5UBgSqwOplYBUJgAY+t5aJ5dYmaE/lDNlMiqheqwDdzN7Wt/T3kYzhhlHrgX+7sbxpIOIwnlftKvw6vfVMja0yKh7d//uQNOAUMgnqcXQtQ6RiF69P98O1DqE+cRGtwG11gYiIYikwewasNmQiKjuD4/fLUhNd5miunpILdQWcsws5gxRCbaZUy+gn+q4nH8ehWhWuWZenTl+iiWo6u8WV4kJkmfMTjT9uaII3ckQVWkoEff8i8EU61Ym3VQPnI+nQ+JrAsfKQLig3KUrFLeeaRDRlUpA3pvHMgbkH/bnDqNZaFqR8GbEnBbIQjQUH2O9qpPigtKDP2dDMiaS6KlHD2kU8RTaNzuf7prWQJWp1A2MGiaImSSRrhSh0eWdAgEg4bQ9/kpcQwYgqyEC2QE4h+2RjVSplYFoZDQA5xnZ1W7waLSBVRl7K7lUKGHbqEY7pZ3JRztduD/fyZ/WxxWsZ9Qzzqdm01OKf/b8ieISyAt5QCI9+O1szzBmsjqJlqYks7k1apZ6Cj0wjnbl88cnyeCbdX5+HB7kc9WSJeHuiZHPALG1bUg3tTZw29yrp28Ii8pTSq3ZFOhf+UMzqPXIeQpaT7p/ek8aq6gpjVauKGuzslEvJZ0K7WhNOWT86YETB0yuO5/flMZ/0jpZ9vDfz2/O0FSNCJGApRi48JdqNIvfRGMpc9sCdvj7cAlynYjwRK/FAJNjRSBcMS9PLgK5/3w6X5YLgvIlLTYyh0NGhwZDpaN5nbQ/f/XqZbUrK43mND1MG9ZZEevV9g62xiJPd9DrF6OHxRMT9QUpSUcKTCQlq2k458kloDPpJs49tGeKgeilKpzQPJAENAAAHoBJREFUZyrQfIUr/3o2bbjscbSn/15mjc7f5xEI5Mb34WFpIHICOa+OQAV4LwSyN+9AJti+FPZ0dw+ovP1MG2XjklWuTWrVAJqlUtIzh+5eRqsgqbYnYq0G5A7y4s3MemlzexXn4MTgydSKHl/09cvH6aVG1sS+ZBBd8f3b/4ySOjw9b7WOA+0jVcAo33f6UvkQSXW/tYilnvdB4qIWgGgWK9za95u0ZYGMgI1S53VsBgEggDUSwqSLmFCozWHKOQhm3o+3539dRsBUIaSMzjQWzcnXFT2FGT5zrUj2NH+oDjLqydbaH3Isf/ZOxPGsZ4yGww3fpWRecfW9GpiPvve1+/UjGcYGviD17Y0evlJ46tbp55nKhsMyXhtZSRr9L3NnH9PGfcZxT9Mk/tg0cT/ddplSyi1HmWEvgt4uTug6Z1E6nV3s9fANDLbhDISLqU/UZ0JiHOLxYgwkuLCEFzt4BlwEBsxLEsxLQgiEhIRBA2S8NE0ylCUtrSJV6RKlkSbtbNqtmrR/tkH2n235jzt/ft/n+T7P8/udXRhlrYnReHiP8eaz1QcS03960f9bINly0beSE//SKnaiaM303f0n09CKOlRQDCqEsaN3bPs5nwNtMlnogN4HAAYccLDgHKtbkbXZX2wOOd6iKdOSfxM3MMpOnls7q6nN/TOOAahzQBn2XqlHTrx9fLNIfPLOb5Pr3UFZ94ya8zL4XBsqhoMAo0juYT1nY4Ou5XuoVFH1fwGkinC+mrTvQNKbCjtR942YqYiE1xRySXHajg+LJYZy2K897xlGXIpsB+Zpsw3xVn70no2RWXsH2jf3977ASr3wYHXXoSyX8sntEdJtnO28oJltBwN/ugaFN1cfb1G1q0tDRiufvN03vj7CGYMM7/GRgOKooNfHUxBtxUnOMQhwtv+TgO4fAsk0tVa9OCCHifLPEqMjdkco7PKj31xtnkp4LoXNL0XFJjzKlqcT3oHzdy/V0kadG2AI3eYd7KXrBymEwng/XGRu/fLxTIfTT70AIOE8d4e7Nr47RssYn6q6NYssqB2mIKhDUMZ7qmtnG7UtoayuXLx5TzdI852UNYiULboZhgQAYR1Wvo1lGAbxTd44r3HYN+8hM0sikUj/ZTaVl7dtQE4VKX6YEBUX+1hsKpYQRuONS3+FJZmvJ74cl/CBuI5oH+070HNbbXMBUDamRXCfl2d9QZvfr4MdLkeNvepHf/hBk50g5BX/HB6kFm4bkEMtDNm9N6JnBPKsdAMkB4IAAFq1rFqUmgKpZYgGOnFcFFnN9l3mMODznPSR1LjFzwAIQiikTc+4GZILdMbsjnjjnHezFEwj5Ka8JjP8tTNJIoMCRbNM25VDSmDnW1EnHyvkTVJYYjejBFqE5sXtjYhIeC4A4Wf6DjSPUDYr24DTOQBQMwN4EDaXKyxWRIPx+mLRqybU4eaD+uwvZV74XkpGRyhSpG45kMh85YCLB9eam0cxRqNOUaUAjQZSqzGZKj8yo74MhxAIKT0meuCWkQxHBiee2XDSZaOBgA3BgRdm6Yf93YBZ2xUd/0cvEb4BO5H+m6ioHxd/bYfDUbjIYCiCndtle8slcnM2Ks3MkjctGIVsJy0PTfmjYoSiPa2oTXO+clHt1fHshN/jRajJxMRGxF8ukgfwytXKAmuw6x1LA9neLZvTbxaKqR3KJyM5Ke8e6Tjdlb/VCqmmE6aHcrHRGeD66MiRg8rPcRxBZGBuFCo9pNTgCFsAyTRdVfKHtW3THkDZFiwMzXCCPlgOgsjgEGjzx63w5Pz+uNuytvCGgXS0/GdJUVFJG6gzrUqUnicY4Fa4PPKtR993Spq2qzBsNcsVzvRMAUPSyg0JDEtged5nO6c2pNmiVvHKsgx3WyRB8gIMB0n30lTEZEGD2G5hGow1xnmS5ZYXO0dj4ys1QXk4aB1Szo7HVxaUKgeGCzLytxJI5KGDGaP7140OnLG2oRtdpzM62+dmaSFquQJsQXWGEJZwDMfVqo6lC30OvQODhhYcFMUhwjfcwjvIxzCW9al1N00VaJHae2GPkoaW/Gp/dMSeu2JYLNgciVAi2uWRu2KTE3ZIzdvb7TWI8+L3rRv9FWhdsaCSEqc01FQ0Se8M2VCnU89jPh6irP5bSxaGC9qMrNvKeVnctnY+R1X584iLtTwRFvnB3OS4iItl5GjsnlhtR+TWASmsVtG4ZmzX0xWqFy3ayGCGzyAyemoWEtY/FHArVcILbQ6OIeoZuvEThh7kgdeKYFZW+JyihMxP8V569VLPzpyALTjomL6/6XFQ53eSdh3ww3B5BQzLTU5ULi1+Jfbl6Phoe9b2AimRNMXHLUzHPNA9LjTDKEpkh9ufv5h0VuSJfi/vxSleMCQevc1KQhDewAtGBZA+3fraIDl2tefqGR9xOLxscy8faN5VAMYuRlxtTCncOiAnci/3a8n6scacjqa0yOqc2D0xZQCihV86Z6AdQYQ8AQnxSoYgIxN8YyPPQTQEWK+VHWoDoYwOkV4Ytsr6+89QfoVCYW/asXlG10zkvZ68JpHW/HpB7hSvf/qhFLb/RACyZ6qoaJsHVIT50bhu7eQVfeLOTLGhTkGgIev00qPQKs8j3HM2o5XEIZrGfJRQH0IQRgHSq2t+6iXr++eHIUd2uAirJiH6+owK9F8UVFOaumVAUktHG7F2FgLK6mOh88/De6J7LshKP+dwoB2bAcCdUB8igkHtt/S0RoMLiwjzGC3P6q+LXUjo6oEju9jizUX4IXlY2lGbTzTLk0oNGwpYt7aqW/t04kby3gpYnPl+Qkzyc3Hd9gIR1cHF93UfL+luTY1/QBSJs+pMdok5vXUjZMENetXshEdTxvZyZMCvLqAoQLG8h6X1/r6coFWmoTzicM6rzh05I4MyjlQX9M+fVR/cuhxSWDoju94zL4PCjavU06FO4+Xc/Ew9280KGIBj6SwCgRZlbdRdvUzrstgCAHHpFppHUkrELhwgwKtrPXWU0OtrijYnO28mhZtyp9KyURRGvxhfkky+cWUhWvCaYrnp2798IFUc3mYgogrBYoktk7cWjGIYLhZ977VXDDAxfZMwp4eAvG/kzp1lBJUEAtwqJmRGmhXKXta6/JCo6XXopabNzurieNx8WYvoWAumUbX8+wHSfx+yuiBm375ujXbziO3b2LkLlws6IjPFXO3u2VwIeG8tyrCU1K6c/lVXzvKKw8YLVtdqWZopjSwheoMBhyTkCtNNhq82l/z0d1/9uZSBgCU1Rh0MT08sTSXcFxuyJFKpOCtPtN1AROmGLPSjK7rpj6UwbP9ubHLsF8aAdtltyzqcVmOds3F/J+7qg5pI73Cm94/tf+w7O9274SqZLsMEe3dq17B6vZm017PNpoTOkhUCyZpNgixIMhzhCISFy/EtcHxELnwEMxAig8HkjoDypQhI/ICqWKOo9bD1LL3TOefu2tqbXjvTN0GrnQ6tTqVu8mdmdvd99vc+z/P72DQZe1ABMLzLgyE0CIwCDMGpKysNVc2lrauPT45qctvGzmHIHTE5xf0pKfh/KCD9j4CUpVKV+VmXtYdaIqDHNKao8f4y0X6lE29P1spx4twQgu2BW6iKorVXcEDQHI6DHicOIypdF5GS1khIP5ZhiH3w51LlYl0hKpHZWAjJ/JbbBkVbW3lzc2+b6P8PiEhkQOHRoJy2ScXXYuPum1zMyhGB01eLanx9HAHMepMAzDiG4RiHYHBjIOrmr1Aea159f16ULsoyR5I2Jq6qq2LVnzf9ewHp2cnevSpq8DfjeIoq5VDkHGXFUZFdwAag2OXgxSHIochl7P3SWXmHMGM07XERCPdNTKTFyVqeXqAU/6ux+MGul1fLctb911lpTWQlUPYPpeh/b7leP0BKyWodSrLo1/NKw9z3T17yY/7Q4hzvVrZl6PTOgJnvGeIEyB9yeLs0zhM442KvVloCKm2luj+KSCOl7eOxaAPngT++uePUMXXxOgESE7Mny+GAMQoo7IPHUG+V2ut8F/9+ILWiMW01e9rjnaV5TB4g748Q9nJRUa5Umv63n35RpHjUPpBeotOVnIjqrAJy991rkehYPcRP0HG9LoB05BZkZEuq3rkUmnrPrg9LrNMJ7895eN/8ok9wob2ifYWoxwzkgp314G5PD8EAAbqsFcx/q12lmklImlktC+2B5KJBANzYWyrObd3w7QV14/o59b2NjRUY1V47jPW3PJYIrC6tgsTwTtpD9egdm7ZDmV4XWtK6UGWzTO+3i29uf/12ruTh2Fqu2O9222VRa1gl/m7yMoyNS+xyCCVlOtFzASTdSkpIqU6ccfemLfHtJfL+HCr7S9xFP/713BUKMEcVRfsVXQCqRdpP6uklPQqFCsd4+Uq1Z1GL9U29tWGb9lCU1Bni7DGtGt/Tn6nKmrxwDtrl+nfXCxCoslOBdmvnAoZk1q8lH9p0zju7lm1uOTfByxlLl8nNYKoe26W3kssftifuloyqBtRZK7eiglJyAwJiC802JO0yffynJ+nPevaAQPFdkJ3eTEqLEpfIcO0tduqrSH+4mPXyvEPNeTl9a6+Nx7wBQe4lWXN3fFhvIbAu1EMA75GJwEDtqcOJDhgKOakYBU53DhsdYGhmJp/KB9j4rzQH1w2QlgpoKPoWsjCiydG/lufJtX3YrR0i3E4XMI/20BYiaD9P9bDH41sfRkjpUfnZLckjxHx1NJtV8vk8yk6H5t5bYiEg+54HICXi7B+9H/tKNVrwxes+05yNvaeTKFFUJ7MJWLfgD6md1mo7Ygl6gzxvQusGHJX5nACEri7a7FoM3cscrD02htUX56U6NA4cuTzWN0RM7jhRq5EPXt54fORpeP3psr39+R8RFJTgOH1hGFtLz7V9urjkCh4VSzyc3Wb3yAPztrl2Wn9ts9K6r6AqN0PUpgikJv94Q6x6ZRlSCNQ1pUpoANCb86xJoTA8jy1rn6z0l7tik7a+JlWkb54jH9CZoQSqX2f+rWlf2BJQVvkQPH/MgvE2CeoPCkEzH7QAbNQm1lXvK85Ua0BmJFdhhNoS16iHCFzTd3ZcIx8+tbGzPXO9ACnLHB6EnIXAM2cR2Acta/zspa+sUllhh8IljDIcjzkvhtFZ3G/QiUsUNl/kbWzKQN/8xeVT1MrOnxeSuuYaEiUlkNVtnyrQJxraeeaAFIlbTyZtiNv6LSsqtaLw6VAWojKF7K9vFKJ1qjevhutoT02BncZHZkeBmS0vRFGTG4yyqJPW1xQlvlrcn6oCZ8epJpxyMF4GLg8Gv5FlopCJ2PjuAzHrA0hMWYp6YGHBiOBaHMeo/Io1MmevviqKzEsp3XK+y83IBdv95QBvgisvdg9E3sZWbfDTTo/dneVbDJOtL/3ihc+UqPWGldXDtXiiMcNnDsh+RWFkiCvhM2lJCSr92BTafg9tWArNJb8oY4N3fj3KWxqqa/Q0QAgAeFvYgPpgcACL3kd5CtN2fpMyNGwEg0aiiUG61S4e0D08E6kNIfgEgVc6MnPWi0NiDmAzJ445AKKmh8CZybUU9s9WXw9b6pe7gjhAgDcwBLpkHW26Lvn4ZDsVIBucmByaXKes81ZN2ve2xCf/nkR11dCJ1GSLngsgoiqy9+SW5M9LJBm7yd7fTYfPh/TTs2Hy6u1CMnTEYh61ScQ+J8ExBMeZTdN+gZADy4o8aMfrICDc4NR5DUBw+GFoDIB8NUdEbBmE5PRvNakHW9avQJWHGLVGgDADGIOcTcp/LHX2bnHeP4sxO+JWb9KHEXLEGwQg0kfTK9rdYD49te3UOGP3yi1ejKPrDK8sXv9Owoa4TYdlBqtYqmx9wk6BZw9IkU7SfP16DVkl6iVvLJnCYZveNNtJXrtrsH6y2NCg1Jl6VBzNC4TAuVE7Y8bGzYRzgvaabeVptZqPtvURmLoSaBDeDMDA+UGA0Fikeor3XTDmPRhIXhdA9qqGxhbOgLFx4gx2eYZ6FIo5FbhGdXBVd7VtWX3lT7mNJ1x2k9fM1UkM0Kj0NjDjm+IOX1YHAG1H3YzFK+td3Pxiwsa4+MOyKlF2NoRjf0dv9vMARFRUKpaQityIjSr5kmWnp1F251X26g1x1Q/f7mjNVbhTZuaiPgSrQwPnjiKTRwlcDaDwrYLM2n4hawLBmAi9AqzJMTAQ3a4iEUINpjxldvEpfcgh9Ui7FjF24wjVZKxPe5QK1tYmt0OrmtO4p0X0kzcebMxdcsFpYTxMXXRQJ1vs7Us4fnzQLCCY4NHznICK53wFiQnJ8Z88KNfmKiQScWHGcwAEyu+O3dESbLNEhoZOzKLopYuKGzppxmsfKsQSlj89xboYusvnElihh+Uc2/kgB2gGMuIL9cYRqnsVANoCxmuNAFiCIBIiyD+ou/qgNO87zq5dS+927cFTN5KY6DMfm3C2WaQE0aR3Zja3gkU2gSBvjSCgCDriK6KIESOIaJRoiBGcb3igxGjAaFR8SRMTl6TppXXdpcnmtl7bNFnT7m5vt9tuzwP4lsyI12HM70/veHjk8/t9Xz7f7/fzw/JUGoUqhIlhoamS12PiAVgGo9K05NNluDEvOk5ns+OUYrrCPwLGLf9S1EbBlhn6WWq/8nD1GcmgxUrsF6ZyIOickHIysfH4VM7xb356m+QfyD8WllF+qoq0ZuN1SGcMa9LhiPfue3fBsDASSOpA/enD6o7sWuHnvxax+jiiMEOqaDj3cqeEgyMST1+0QMPg2decTDgTgK04ByvsZDk+tQKUkwbkMOGwzRoFTyJZD+O77oGdQi3CK8q0hcvyQrkNOzgb4a2nQAM0fb05Fhnszv5PPpHV3g3l5zoMYbVgcQeSDp9p7SoznGOx8olUgFKW0/jNu/GXwzLSyf6B/Ex8KfuzmJtrjyaEFJCm5OIvLueE5ZDDEjOquCiu+uM3w5OmWvMv5eTy83N+1y/MEbEEn3RThLhh0UycxXF66AGqQVGJg4Ncx1Xs53D4BUPV3YqFxI5USCpnjujHrDxN6ABZYBqX5+8MB5FKvTqupFhhHzHmQS5FyD6TSsEBlFbDcFuFqD+/rBMP2+fMAlItGJbVdjIVAIBhdXVdLCHmXiJYnefvMTuGL/rezr3xdQVrDe+EFJATYOP96JaPL37rbwbPJt9JiDn4UUVXVjuL0tY7RzxHSuktc2QNV2SNeyNcbkD4G6EJDmqaxbccN+Y4ADaXCAiJFAqTaB3kNBc6lTv3evV8RagBWbHsDtoFOIHnNzdb4yPR49fDEcHhdqp7flYC9aaA6huckT5Km68ng3v4FFjWPVVh6IdEGftj0ZG0nV8s0omlidyE8IgI2pdrqdCE9oSkVP9yX1TUvl+QfH1WVVOE2IiImUuitu7hdtjWtuZUcatBkTqRXGaNbrlJzK2YsCCkhZSjn3MQcRBEzOIAo9ODTIACGLUoozUejY4PxKNymXZDAGnuS3LNX4WcWgVnID66XrcfjqjUrPpoV8sstrMjZZivjydYJKIAr55hoLgvdma1hlW/S4iMjD77+wBZwi3Fh5EuffJ+QnRpYtFTBAR1jNxxn0bbU+Jj3pqyyffgE0KLyoBTd7DX0Asisl5p5R1FGWckArdZ0imKi0F4Xq2Nb1UClPqb8/MQNJ6AkIuDDA1Kyh+bmXFDiBNpsNGZDMVGANIjgH/7D+AgmG2kCsxMZDfkqVMF+2a8blxvI6lMNxnp0kPnSwN1B/xJFhXXqk4G79QRaHVv/9EPVGYyWAAmp0z9tu7vpNKn6UNQNcX4ktuNGWR/IyK3FvYhtKg7idVFNWnHC44vyhsg+qQ3srJEfxtKsBoR5yrtMaoq6+Pmr2CJ89c4uqxJvViKYtv4OisVqdyxm/nT432ALOSAaIx0QHnhlhIR1WCrnHYT7V9yOAnMp1gtHk5ubUdiqyAO3TKGO7PQGlqeqO6tAEu4ycm39zx3++6HW3x/LQDT2P8kFyQmZyeTMp8qIKiiEhIenxIgcTBIlHUHfqnHJAgRj/iRZCB+aHppYsnEMcPeXTgzqzRfQcdZjTKVXGrrUWD8kWh8+E5BT6gBYdvEFo8YB9kCBIFdOCSAD0m6AaDAy1CMqj4P1I9PK8uWtL9q8pDWM1RaCh7pZUjyiStzwarCHbH/mCKHkdPX1NgIubRG0eG0BdIA89bZRDweX/y/Xqoo7Z1mrG7I3AMnAFptoF6ExXFwI6M4znzLuJhOl/AUgfhHwdGj0ZP1zaEGRIa7HufVmxd6JlXAwBDNw2w4RTKUZfkEhw+Dp4VUapnocamGE+UlJeVNP0h60WfITv05Fv3+xLf4IET0NkDrZJHEwWw5sr0j7/Bq9SGeQ2KGEzKtncEwwltSTr9wa/6mAJDQxW437EfG9PULRkouscy46sz20ALChh05bTnwzsGjBHQdHFUczgBrQYQxQXUkq8/3ggWrhbLb30D+/zR83v3oyEjaX/B5mwKQpbXlyLbV60OMecIY7EHYNsmoWwn7cBUw7nW1jDAaGow8HkOinzxI8DkYP8uhGzHzGkIJCEbazKiEBryuaLNzERBCJHqHL8zLPJW5aKKqnmCG3tjvCzbTfxIbExP9NYm72QBZ9R5DjJY3OxHlHRJqVcwL9VYr1YTS8OrhWFiM/BoajYJPQ0eE62wLm1dayTCu2Q7/XQDBmLB9bgHA91is9MAXYVS4r3Ym1EvudQQ/WPvKHp+rJ1ffjvjD1+RgZD839pa2hG2rF+xuxaMPDom1UojI6hvE9SBNJ9YRMUMmL/RRsZZw2JE4F5MPTBCt198FEA1vZGKSIKAzeLbFYI7t/MqiTD2trk2sCnrqbruvPwsR7yWBx5s2GyBP2pE9Sn3UzaGHKBVWcHRCz0daq1U9zUYbj14JB14YO1U3wqcwGaYQVQwfXSrm2F50i6dSs5yp2X7kr8Od7V1d/erSYJ9zMMIf8WeXHHtaBaonrB/vXV0YQM4QC/ijD1ANdPP0tRsQ02cn2EaOe0AHqHzz4QBVRyVCK3uuVU6nKiSAyOkDky7vIxXj3TuqanMdbg+/+71gJft+dWidNwFuKCC79z9BfkkjdZoeNKEKGdRUSVeg9tHAtMR4CdYexIAzgZGJ61TB8mL3i3acWQDZMaHwIUbxwPgI9Agb0JR+kjce7/0Adz7YI7L90OubGJBtbz7Z4NQcegvOvvjuuTmxP54y4TisWa+nEoOMAEquueLNZvoyDksGWAjRFkgWiihLY2QSedKV7/vyz5LbuwgREVH808XBPufAgU0MyJoX3CPCAYVGCR+y+Q6IgknRjUou+KJdp1h8pWWHmN+8rFZhF8dGRMYJ7KHJQxoe4y9f2pHeRteHt3yKMxQE+5TXj77wDAPi18uSq2S+ncmufDjK9wggOnIEZBIldLUPi13uQ0ziWBc6wWwKIbm4YsV91ihiDV6fFufnBK1r+Wr0888uIIErjwIVIoyWfi1plkXE+t22lI60ZwEM+9IRkTE9tDqPRL5RgBx4uSalt4xJbBVVB682sfsZNlmPcheMUYLrpau8gBtvUNiYs+Oe5S3wUqZSyZRiNgqQXbtQ3Gqw4i6p9ETwH3on6kfPrskirFQllUKe6VHqIgDsyisT4XGe5d2kcqlUHjpy8dGo/e2tqELpw/x/r+sOh637d21aQF7bF5QPWcZfMIg806KJ0tCnkZsoJSs4LAxqwwB5Zd9Wdg/zSh/Vtq4J7d0/f2bD3sdFMLXypeOAYVfqklwzfUEPrP+/AXkuCU7g5yZixjiK9Xzs+aM/3KyAvPD9J19w/+oaF7oocLr/bvNqFaJDg9oRYu/KsHSFkTKH45yVpGhjN3QarBGipEzhQckVU6On0nfVCUqdLsuQ5tV+bI1pwVKS9LlbDtYIIdhmtyJQXQoK1tNpcBEbEDBmqI1u3nN7dQhpB+FIFioN0gjR15YmsQ6hCFA5QmQLdYF5tCkyMpi0zcAMgkaMg7XZ6yYyhCNEMgxUOZdmVtQzkHgwEY/BUO2HDOqrV3WcRfA3s/F4TGRoRgiVAZUjRIP8O/04uYdmhEjLiw3mHMJLfh9fepBGyJCuQyztydYqaGc7KCOEjRt/P2SQXnkEBdZMZGtld7YflBGioURg6MRaf/BGCFuYLvmanQzZh2I/hEGWffBGCLsaBS0SsULdwRghggRGTjQM2AZvhBgHUKK7V2EwRoiYvcbQrdSZVSnRzRomPQgjhGArazBX6sqmFNVArOyDMUIKh3CEqDJSpF2PZQhGCLut9OCNEF4lirTrmAoOvQjR0JEatBEipUvZXA77oCyyhnAdImntQZlrDBQGX4SIaeHPttJuVO0YormSj6II4Quj0DX8jbJEKSPLlZLmChw0APJhplQ0V8ERdS47wIoCwxWsDCl0GmcjMZ5TkLEhq0DU8yALsBGQFmHzoCJgQy312SkyXE+KUtcQ5zk2qt7PPApGwSgYBaNgFIAAABTDFdCr+lWmAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Multilabel classification

![Explicit feature map approximation for RBF
kernels](data:image/png;base64,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)

Explicit feature map approximation for RBF kernels

![Balance model complexity and cross-validated
score](data:image/png;base64,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)

Balance model complexity and cross-validated score

![Kernel Density
Estimation](data:image/png;base64,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)

Kernel Density Estimation

![Dimensionality Reduction with Neighborhood Components
Analysis](data:image/png;base64,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)

Dimensionality Reduction with Neighborhood Components Analysis

![Concatenating multiple feature extraction
methods](data:image/png;base64,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)

Concatenating multiple feature extraction methods

![Pipelining: chaining a PCA and a logistic
regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Pipelining: chaining a PCA and a logistic regression

![Selecting dimensionality reduction with Pipeline and
GridSearchCV](data:image/png;base64,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)

Selecting dimensionality reduction with Pipeline and GridSearchCV

![Importance of Feature
Scaling](data:image/png;base64,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)

Importance of Feature Scaling

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.decomposition.PCA.html

