# sklearn.manifold.locally_linear_embedding

`sklearn.manifold.locally_linear_embedding(X, *, n_neighbors, n_components,
reg=0.001, eigen_solver='auto', tol=1e-06, max_iter=100, method='standard',
hessian_tol=0.0001, modified_tol=1e-12, random_state=None, n_jobs=None)`
[source]

    
Perform a Locally Linear Embedding analysis on the data.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, NearestNeighbors}`

    
Sample data, shape = (n_samples, n_features), in the form of a numpy array or
a NearestNeighbors object.

`n_neighborsint`

    
number of neighbors to consider for each point.

`n_componentsint`

    
number of coordinates for the manifold.

`regfloat, default=1e-3`

    
regularization constant, multiplies the trace of the local covariance matrix
of the distances.

`eigen_solver{‘auto’, ‘arpack’, ‘dense’}, default=’auto’`

    
auto : algorithm will attempt to choose the best method for input data

`arpackuse arnoldi iteration in shift-invert mode.`

    
For this method, M may be a dense matrix, sparse matrix, or general linear
operator. Warning: ARPACK can be unstable for some problems. It is best to try
several random seeds in order to check results.

`denseuse standard dense matrix operations for the eigenvalue`

    
decomposition. For this method, M must be an array or matrix type. This method
should be avoided for large problems.

`tolfloat, default=1e-6`

    
Tolerance for ‘arpack’ method Not used if eigen_solver==’dense’.

`max_iterint, default=100`

    
maximum number of iterations for the arpack solver.

`method{‘standard’, ‘hessian’, ‘modified’, ‘ltsa’}, default=’standard’`

    
`standarduse the standard locally linear embedding algorithm.`

    
see reference [1]

`hessianuse the Hessian eigenmap method. This method requires`

    
n_neighbors > n_components * (1 + (n_components + 1) / 2. see reference [2]

`modifieduse the modified locally linear embedding algorithm.`

    
see reference [3]

`ltsause local tangent space alignment algorithm`

    
see reference [4]

`hessian_tolfloat, default=1e-4`

    
Tolerance for Hessian eigenmapping method. Only used if method == ‘hessian’

`modified_tolfloat, default=1e-12`

    
Tolerance for modified LLE method. Only used if method == ‘modified’

`random_stateint, RandomState instance, default=None`

    
Determines the random number generator when `solver` == ‘arpack’. Pass an int
for reproducible results across multiple function calls. See :term: `Glossary
<random_state>`.

`n_jobsint or None, default=None`

    
The number of parallel jobs to run for neighbors search. `None` means 1 unless
in a `joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

Returns

    
`Yarray-like, shape [n_samples, n_components]`

    
Embedding vectors.

`squared_errorfloat`

    
Reconstruction error for the embedding vectors. Equivalent to `norm(Y - W Y,
'fro')**2`, where W are the reconstruction weights.

#### References

`1`

    
Roweis, S. & Saul, L. Nonlinear dimensionality reduction by locally linear
embedding. Science 290:2323 (2000).

`2`

    
Donoho, D. & Grimes, C. Hessian eigenmaps: Locally linear embedding techniques
for high-dimensional data. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 100:5591 (2003).

`3`

    
Zhang, Z. & Wang, J. MLLE: Modified Locally Linear Embedding Using Multiple
Weights. http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.70.382

`4`

    
Zhang, Z. & Zha, H. Principal manifolds and nonlinear dimensionality reduction
via tangent space alignment. Journal of Shanghai Univ. 8:406 (2004)

## Examples using `sklearn.manifold.locally_linear_embedding`

![Swiss Roll reduction with
LLE](data:image/png;base64,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)

Swiss Roll reduction with LLE

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.manifold.locally_linear_embedding.html

