# sklearn.model_selection.cross_val_predict

`sklearn.model_selection.cross_val_predict(estimator, X, y=None, *,
groups=None, cv=None, n_jobs=None, verbose=0, fit_params=None,
pre_dispatch='2*n_jobs', method='predict')` [source]

    
Generate cross-validated estimates for each input data point

The data is split according to the cv parameter. Each sample belongs to
exactly one test set, and its prediction is computed with an estimator fitted
on the corresponding training set.

Passing these predictions into an evaluation metric may not be a valid way to
measure generalization performance. Results can differ from `cross_validate`
and `cross_val_score` unless all tests sets have equal size and the metric
decomposes over samples.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`estimatorestimator object implementing ‘fit’ and ‘predict’`

    
The object to use to fit the data.

`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The data to fit. Can be, for example a list, or an array at least 2d.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs), default=None`

    
The target variable to try to predict in the case of supervised learning.

`groupsarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Group labels for the samples used while splitting the dataset into train/test
set. Only used in conjunction with a “Group” cv instance (e.g., `GroupKFold`).

`cvint, cross-validation generator or an iterable, default=None`

    
Determines the cross-validation splitting strategy. Possible inputs for cv
are:

  * None, to use the default 5-fold cross validation,
  * int, to specify the number of folds in a `(Stratified)KFold`,
  * CV splitter,
  * An iterable yielding (train, test) splits as arrays of indices.

For int/None inputs, if the estimator is a classifier and `y` is either binary
or multiclass, `StratifiedKFold` is used. In all other cases, `KFold` is used.

Refer User Guide for the various cross-validation strategies that can be used
here.

Changed in version 0.22: `cv` default value if None changed from 3-fold to
5-fold.

`n_jobsint, default=None`

    
Number of jobs to run in parallel. Training the estimator and predicting are
parallelized over the cross-validation splits. `None` means 1 unless in a
`joblib.parallel_backend` context. `-1` means using all processors. See
Glossary for more details.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
The verbosity level.

`fit_paramsdict, defualt=None`

    
Parameters to pass to the fit method of the estimator.

`pre_dispatchint or str, default=’2*n_jobs’`

    
Controls the number of jobs that get dispatched during parallel execution.
Reducing this number can be useful to avoid an explosion of memory consumption
when more jobs get dispatched than CPUs can process. This parameter can be:

  * None, in which case all the jobs are immediately created and spawned. Use this for lightweight and fast-running jobs, to avoid delays due to on-demand spawning of the jobs
  * An int, giving the exact number of total jobs that are spawned
  * A str, giving an expression as a function of n_jobs, as in ‘2*n_jobs’

`method{‘predict’, ‘predict_proba’, ‘predict_log_proba’, ‘decision_function’},
default=’predict’`

    
The method to be invoked by `estimator`.

Returns

    
`predictionsndarray`

    
This is the result of calling `method`. Shape:

  * When `method` is ‘predict’ and in special case where `method` is ‘decision_function’ and the target is binary: (n_samples,)
  * When `method` is one of {‘predict_proba’, ‘predict_log_proba’, ‘decision_function’} (unless special case above): (n_samples, n_classes)
  * If `estimator` is multioutput, an extra dimension ‘n_outputs’ is added to the end of each shape above.

See also

`cross_val_score`

    
Calculate score for each CV split.

`cross_validate`

    
Calculate one or more scores and timings for each CV split.

#### Notes

In the case that one or more classes are absent in a training portion, a
default score needs to be assigned to all instances for that class if `method`
produces columns per class, as in {‘decision_function’, ‘predict_proba’,
‘predict_log_proba’}. For `predict_proba` this value is 0. In order to ensure
finite output, we approximate negative infinity by the minimum finite float
value for the dtype in other cases.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn import datasets, linear_model
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import cross_val_predict
    >>> diabetes = datasets.load_diabetes()
    >>> X = diabetes.data[:150]
    >>> y = diabetes.target[:150]
    >>> lasso = linear_model.Lasso()
    >>> y_pred = cross_val_predict(lasso, X, y, cv=3)
    
## Examples using `sklearn.model_selection.cross_val_predict`

![Combine predictors using
stacking](data:image/png;base64,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)

Combine predictors using stacking

![Plotting Cross-Validated
Predictions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plotting Cross-Validated Predictions

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.model_selection.cross_val_predict.html

