# sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier

`class sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier(*, loss='deviance',
learning_rate=0.1, n_estimators=100, subsample=1.0, criterion='friedman_mse',
min_samples_split=2, min_samples_leaf=1, min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0,
max_depth=3, min_impurity_decrease=0.0, min_impurity_split=None, init=None,
random_state=None, max_features=None, verbose=0, max_leaf_nodes=None,
warm_start=False, validation_fraction=0.1, n_iter_no_change=None, tol=0.0001,
ccp_alpha=0.0)` [source]

    
Gradient Boosting for classification.

GB builds an additive model in a forward stage-wise fashion; it allows for the
optimization of arbitrary differentiable loss functions. In each stage
`n_classes_` regression trees are fit on the negative gradient of the binomial
or multinomial deviance loss function. Binary classification is a special case
where only a single regression tree is induced.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`loss{‘deviance’, ‘exponential’}, default=’deviance’`

    
The loss function to be optimized. ‘deviance’ refers to deviance (= logistic
regression) for classification with probabilistic outputs. For loss
‘exponential’ gradient boosting recovers the AdaBoost algorithm.

`learning_ratefloat, default=0.1`

    
Learning rate shrinks the contribution of each tree by `learning_rate`. There
is a trade-off between learning_rate and n_estimators.

`n_estimatorsint, default=100`

    
The number of boosting stages to perform. Gradient boosting is fairly robust
to over-fitting so a large number usually results in better performance.

`subsamplefloat, default=1.0`

    
The fraction of samples to be used for fitting the individual base learners.
If smaller than 1.0 this results in Stochastic Gradient Boosting. `subsample`
interacts with the parameter `n_estimators`. Choosing `subsample < 1.0` leads
to a reduction of variance and an increase in bias.

`criterion{‘friedman_mse’, ‘mse’, ‘mae’}, default=’friedman_mse’`

    
The function to measure the quality of a split. Supported criteria are
‘friedman_mse’ for the mean squared error with improvement score by Friedman,
‘mse’ for mean squared error, and ‘mae’ for the mean absolute error. The
default value of ‘friedman_mse’ is generally the best as it can provide a
better approximation in some cases.

New in version 0.18.

Deprecated since version 0.24: `criterion='mae'` is deprecated and will be
removed in version 1.1 (renaming of 0.26). Use `criterion='friedman_mse'` or
`'mse'` instead, as trees should use a least-square criterion in Gradient
Boosting.

`min_samples_splitint or float, default=2`

    
The minimum number of samples required to split an internal node:

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_split` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_split` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_split * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each split.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_samples_leafint or float, default=1`

    
The minimum number of samples required to be at a leaf node. A split point at
any depth will only be considered if it leaves at least `min_samples_leaf`
training samples in each of the left and right branches. This may have the
effect of smoothing the model, especially in regression.

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_leaf` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_leaf` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_leaf * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each node.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_weight_fraction_leaffloat, default=0.0`

    
The minimum weighted fraction of the sum total of weights (of all the input
samples) required to be at a leaf node. Samples have equal weight when
sample_weight is not provided.

`max_depthint, default=3`

    
The maximum depth of the individual regression estimators. The maximum depth
limits the number of nodes in the tree. Tune this parameter for best
performance; the best value depends on the interaction of the input variables.

`min_impurity_decreasefloat, default=0.0`

    
A node will be split if this split induces a decrease of the impurity greater
than or equal to this value.

The weighted impurity decrease equation is the following:

    
    N_t / N * (impurity - N_t_R / N_t * right_impurity
                        - N_t_L / N_t * left_impurity)
    
where `N` is the total number of samples, `N_t` is the number of samples at
the current node, `N_t_L` is the number of samples in the left child, and
`N_t_R` is the number of samples in the right child.

`N`, `N_t`, `N_t_R` and `N_t_L` all refer to the weighted sum, if
`sample_weight` is passed.

New in version 0.19.

`min_impurity_splitfloat, default=None`

    
Threshold for early stopping in tree growth. A node will split if its impurity
is above the threshold, otherwise it is a leaf.

Deprecated since version 0.19: `min_impurity_split` has been deprecated in
favor of `min_impurity_decrease` in 0.19. The default value of
`min_impurity_split` has changed from 1e-7 to 0 in 0.23 and it will be removed
in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25). Use `min_impurity_decrease` instead.

`initestimator or ‘zero’, default=None`

    
An estimator object that is used to compute the initial predictions. `init`
has to provide `fit` and `predict_proba`. If ‘zero’, the initial raw
predictions are set to zero. By default, a `DummyEstimator` predicting the
classes priors is used.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls the random seed given to each Tree estimator at each boosting
iteration. In addition, it controls the random permutation of the features at
each split (see Notes for more details). It also controls the random spliting
of the training data to obtain a validation set if `n_iter_no_change` is not
None. Pass an int for reproducible output across multiple function calls. See
Glossary.

`max_features{‘auto’, ‘sqrt’, ‘log2’}, int or float, default=None`

    
The number of features to consider when looking for the best split:

  * If int, then consider `max_features` features at each split.
  * If float, then `max_features` is a fraction and `int(max_features * n_features)` features are considered at each split.
  * If ‘auto’, then `max_features=sqrt(n_features)`.
  * If ‘sqrt’, then `max_features=sqrt(n_features)`.
  * If ‘log2’, then `max_features=log2(n_features)`.
  * If None, then `max_features=n_features`.

Choosing `max_features < n_features` leads to a reduction of variance and an
increase in bias.

Note: the search for a split does not stop until at least one valid partition
of the node samples is found, even if it requires to effectively inspect more
than `max_features` features.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Enable verbose output. If 1 then it prints progress and performance once in a
while (the more trees the lower the frequency). If greater than 1 then it
prints progress and performance for every tree.

`max_leaf_nodesint, default=None`

    
Grow trees with `max_leaf_nodes` in best-first fashion. Best nodes are defined
as relative reduction in impurity. If None then unlimited number of leaf
nodes.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to `True`, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit and add
more estimators to the ensemble, otherwise, just erase the previous solution.
See the Glossary.

`validation_fractionfloat, default=0.1`

    
The proportion of training data to set aside as validation set for early
stopping. Must be between 0 and 1. Only used if `n_iter_no_change` is set to
an integer.

New in version 0.20.

`n_iter_no_changeint, default=None`

    
`n_iter_no_change` is used to decide if early stopping will be used to
terminate training when validation score is not improving. By default it is
set to None to disable early stopping. If set to a number, it will set aside
`validation_fraction` size of the training data as validation and terminate
training when validation score is not improving in all of the previous
`n_iter_no_change` numbers of iterations. The split is stratified.

New in version 0.20.

`tolfloat, default=1e-4`

    
Tolerance for the early stopping. When the loss is not improving by at least
tol for `n_iter_no_change` iterations (if set to a number), the training
stops.

New in version 0.20.

`ccp_alphanon-negative float, default=0.0`

    
Complexity parameter used for Minimal Cost-Complexity Pruning. The subtree
with the largest cost complexity that is smaller than `ccp_alpha` will be
chosen. By default, no pruning is performed. See Minimal Cost-Complexity
Pruning for details.

New in version 0.22.

Attributes

    
`n_estimators_int`

    
The number of estimators as selected by early stopping (if `n_iter_no_change`
is specified). Otherwise it is set to `n_estimators`.

New in version 0.20.

`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

`oob_improvement_ndarray of shape (n_estimators,)`

    
The improvement in loss (= deviance) on the out-of-bag samples relative to the
previous iteration. `oob_improvement_[0]` is the improvement in loss of the
first stage over the `init` estimator. Only available if `subsample < 1.0`

`train_score_ndarray of shape (n_estimators,)`

    
The i-th score `train_score_[i]` is the deviance (= loss) of the model at
iteration `i` on the in-bag sample. If `subsample == 1` this is the deviance
on the training data.

`loss_LossFunction`

    
The concrete `LossFunction` object.

`init_estimator`

    
The estimator that provides the initial predictions. Set via the `init`
argument or `loss.init_estimator`.

`estimators_ndarray of DecisionTreeRegressor of shape (n_estimators, loss_.K)`

    
The collection of fitted sub-estimators. `loss_.K` is 1 for binary
classification, otherwise n_classes.

`classes_ndarray of shape (n_classes,)`

    
The classes labels.

`n_features_int`

    
The number of data features.

`n_classes_int`

    
The number of classes.

`max_features_int`

    
The inferred value of max_features.

See also

`HistGradientBoostingClassifier`

    
Histogram-based Gradient Boosting Classification Tree.

`sklearn.tree.DecisionTreeClassifier`

    
A decision tree classifier.

`RandomForestClassifier`

    
A meta-estimator that fits a number of decision tree classifiers on various
sub-samples of the dataset and uses averaging to improve the predictive
accuracy and control over-fitting.

`AdaBoostClassifier`

    
A meta-estimator that begins by fitting a classifier on the original dataset
and then fits additional copies of the classifier on the same dataset where
the weights of incorrectly classified instances are adjusted such that
subsequent classifiers focus more on difficult cases.

#### Notes

The features are always randomly permuted at each split. Therefore, the best
found split may vary, even with the same training data and
`max_features=n_features`, if the improvement of the criterion is identical
for several splits enumerated during the search of the best split. To obtain a
deterministic behaviour during fitting, `random_state` has to be fixed.

#### References

J. Friedman, Greedy Function Approximation: A Gradient Boosting Machine, The
Annals of Statistics, Vol. 29, No. 5, 2001.

  10. Friedman, Stochastic Gradient Boosting, 1999

T. Hastie, R. Tibshirani and J. Friedman. Elements of Statistical Learning Ed.
2, Springer, 2009.

#### Examples

The following example shows how to fit a gradient boosting classifier with 100
decision stumps as weak learners.

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_hastie_10_2
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import GradientBoostingClassifier
    
    
    >>> X, y = make_hastie_10_2(random_state=0)
    >>> X_train, X_test = X[:2000], X[2000:]
    >>> y_train, y_test = y[:2000], y[2000:]
    
    
    >>> clf = GradientBoostingClassifier(n_estimators=100, learning_rate=1.0,
    ...     max_depth=1, random_state=0).fit(X_train, y_train)
    >>> clf.score(X_test, y_test)
    0.913...
    
#### Methods

`apply`(X) | Apply trees in the ensemble to X, return leaf indices.  
---|---  
`decision_function`(X) | Compute the decision function of `X`.  
`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight, monitor]) | Fit the gradient boosting model.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict class for X.  
`predict_log_proba`(X) | Predict class log-probabilities for X.  
`predict_proba`(X) | Predict class probabilities for X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`staged_decision_function`(X) | Compute decision function of `X` for each iteration.  
`staged_predict`(X) | Predict class at each stage for X.  
`staged_predict_proba`(X) | Predict class probabilities at each stage for X.  
`apply(X)` [source]

    
Apply trees in the ensemble to X, return leaf indices.

New in version 0.17.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted to a
sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`X_leavesarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_estimators, n_classes)`

    
For each datapoint x in X and for each tree in the ensemble, return the index
of the leaf x ends up in each estimator. In the case of binary classification
n_classes is 1.

`decision_function(X)` [source]

    
Compute the decision function of `X`.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`scorendarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes) or (n_samples,)`

    
The decision function of the input samples, which corresponds to the raw
values predicted from the trees of the ensemble . The order of the classes
corresponds to that in the attribute classes_. Regression and binary
classification produce an array of shape (n_samples,).

`property feature_importances_`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

The higher, the more important the feature. The importance of a feature is
computed as the (normalized) total reduction of the criterion brought by that
feature. It is also known as the Gini importance.

Warning: impurity-based feature importances can be misleading for high
cardinality features (many unique values). See
`sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance` as an alternative.

Returns

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The values of this array sum to 1, unless all trees are single node trees
consisting of only the root node, in which case it will be an array of zeros.

`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None, monitor=None)` [source]

    
Fit the gradient boosting model.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target values (strings or integers in classification, real numbers in
regression) For classification, labels must correspond to classes.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, then samples are equally weighted. Splits that would
create child nodes with net zero or negative weight are ignored while
searching for a split in each node. In the case of classification, splits are
also ignored if they would result in any single class carrying a negative
weight in either child node.

`monitorcallable, default=None`

    
The monitor is called after each iteration with the current iteration, a
reference to the estimator and the local variables of `_fit_stages` as keyword
arguments `callable(i, self, locals())`. If the callable returns `True` the
fitting procedure is stopped. The monitor can be used for various things such
as computing held-out estimates, early stopping, model introspect, and
snapshoting.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict class for X.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted values.

`predict_log_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class log-probabilities for X.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`pndarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
The class log-probabilities of the input samples. The order of the classes
corresponds to that in the attribute classes_.

Raises

    
AttributeError

    
If the `loss` does not support probabilities.

`predict_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class probabilities for X.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`pndarray of shape (n_samples, n_classes)`

    
The class probabilities of the input samples. The order of the classes
corresponds to that in the attribute classes_.

Raises

    
AttributeError

    
If the `loss` does not support probabilities.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the mean accuracy on the given test data and labels.

In multi-label classification, this is the subset accuracy which is a harsh
metric since you require for each sample that each label set be correctly
predicted.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True labels for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
Mean accuracy of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`staged_decision_function(X)` [source]

    
Compute decision function of `X` for each iteration.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`scoregenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples, k)`

    
The decision function of the input samples, which corresponds to the raw
values predicted from the trees of the ensemble . The classes corresponds to
that in the attribute classes_. Regression and binary classification are
special cases with `k == 1`, otherwise `k==n_classes`.

`staged_predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict class at each stage for X.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`ygenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted value of the input samples.

`staged_predict_proba(X)` [source]

    
Predict class probabilities at each stage for X.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`ygenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted value of the input samples.

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier`

![Gradient Boosting
regularization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gradient Boosting regularization

![Early stopping of Gradient
Boosting](data:image/png;base64,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)

Early stopping of Gradient Boosting

![Feature transformations with ensembles of
trees](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature transformations with ensembles of trees

![Gradient Boosting Out-of-Bag
estimates](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gradient Boosting Out-of-Bag estimates

![Feature
discretization](data:image/png;base64,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)

Feature discretization

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier.html

