# sklearn.ensemble.AdaBoostRegressor

`class sklearn.ensemble.AdaBoostRegressor(base_estimator=None, *,
n_estimators=50, learning_rate=1.0, loss='linear', random_state=None)`
[source]

    
An AdaBoost regressor.

An AdaBoost [1] regressor is a meta-estimator that begins by fitting a
regressor on the original dataset and then fits additional copies of the
regressor on the same dataset but where the weights of instances are adjusted
according to the error of the current prediction. As such, subsequent
regressors focus more on difficult cases.

This class implements the algorithm known as AdaBoost.R2 [2].

Read more in the User Guide.

New in version 0.14.

Parameters

    
`base_estimatorobject, default=None`

    
The base estimator from which the boosted ensemble is built. If `None`, then
the base estimator is `DecisionTreeRegressor` initialized with `max_depth=3`.

`n_estimatorsint, default=50`

    
The maximum number of estimators at which boosting is terminated. In case of
perfect fit, the learning procedure is stopped early.

`learning_ratefloat, default=1.`

    
Learning rate shrinks the contribution of each regressor by `learning_rate`.
There is a trade-off between `learning_rate` and `n_estimators`.

`loss{‘linear’, ‘square’, ‘exponential’}, default=’linear’`

    
The loss function to use when updating the weights after each boosting
iteration.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls the random seed given at each `base_estimator` at each boosting
iteration. Thus, it is only used when `base_estimator` exposes a
`random_state`. In addition, it controls the bootstrap of the weights used to
train the `base_estimator` at each boosting iteration. Pass an int for
reproducible output across multiple function calls. See Glossary.

Attributes

    
`base_estimator_estimator`

    
The base estimator from which the ensemble is grown.

`estimators_list of classifiers`

    
The collection of fitted sub-estimators.

`estimator_weights_ndarray of floats`

    
Weights for each estimator in the boosted ensemble.

`estimator_errors_ndarray of floats`

    
Regression error for each estimator in the boosted ensemble.

`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

See also

`AdaBoostClassifier,` `GradientBoostingRegressor`

`sklearn.tree.DecisionTreeRegressor`

#### References

`1`

    
Y. Freund, R. Schapire, “A Decision-Theoretic Generalization of on-Line
Learning and an Application to Boosting”, 1995.

`2`

    
  8. Drucker, “Improving Regressors using Boosting Techniques”, 1997.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import AdaBoostRegressor
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_regression
    >>> X, y = make_regression(n_features=4, n_informative=2,
    ...                        random_state=0, shuffle=False)
    >>> regr = AdaBoostRegressor(random_state=0, n_estimators=100)
    >>> regr.fit(X, y)
    AdaBoostRegressor(n_estimators=100, random_state=0)
    >>> regr.predict([[0, 0, 0, 0]])
    array([4.7972...])
    >>> regr.score(X, y)
    0.9771...
    
#### Methods

`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Build a boosted regressor from the training set (X, y).  
---|---  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict regression value for X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`staged_predict`(X) | Return staged predictions for X.  
`staged_score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return staged scores for X, y.  
`property feature_importances_`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

The higher, the more important the feature. The importance of a feature is
computed as the (normalized) total reduction of the criterion brought by that
feature. It is also known as the Gini importance.

Warning: impurity-based feature importances can be misleading for high
cardinality features (many unique values). See
`sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance` as an alternative.

Returns

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The feature importances.

`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Build a boosted regressor from the training set (X, y).

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The training input samples. Sparse matrix can be CSC, CSR, COO, DOK, or LIL.
COO, DOK, and LIL are converted to CSR.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The target values (real numbers).

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, the sample weights are initialized to 1 / n_samples.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict regression value for X.

The predicted regression value of an input sample is computed as the weighted
median prediction of the classifiers in the ensemble.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The training input samples. Sparse matrix can be CSC, CSR, COO, DOK, or LIL.
COO, DOK, and LIL are converted to CSR.

Returns

    
`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted regression values.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.

The coefficient \\(R^2\\) is defined as \\((1 - \frac{u}{v})\\), where \\(u\\)
is the residual sum of squares `((y_true - y_pred) ** 2).sum()` and \\(v\\) is
the total sum of squares `((y_true - y_true.mean()) ** 2).sum()`. The best
possible score is 1.0 and it can be negative (because the model can be
arbitrarily worse). A constant model that always predicts the expected value
of `y`, disregarding the input features, would get a \\(R^2\\) score of 0.0.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples. For some estimators this may be a precomputed kernel matrix or a
list of generic objects instead with shape `(n_samples, n_samples_fitted)`,
where `n_samples_fitted` is the number of samples used in the fitting for the
estimator.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True values for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
\\(R^2\\) of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

#### Notes

The \\(R^2\\) score used when calling `score` on a regressor uses
`multioutput='uniform_average'` from version 0.23 to keep consistent with
default value of `r2_score`. This influences the `score` method of all the
multioutput regressors (except for `MultiOutputRegressor`).

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`staged_predict(X)` [source]

    
Return staged predictions for X.

The predicted regression value of an input sample is computed as the weighted
median prediction of the classifiers in the ensemble.

This generator method yields the ensemble prediction after each iteration of
boosting and therefore allows monitoring, such as to determine the prediction
on a test set after each boost.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The training input samples.

Yields

    
`ygenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted regression values.

`staged_score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return staged scores for X, y.

This generator method yields the ensemble score after each iteration of
boosting and therefore allows monitoring, such as to determine the score on a
test set after each boost.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The training input samples. Sparse matrix can be CSC, CSR, COO, DOK, or LIL.
COO, DOK, and LIL are converted to CSR.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Labels for X.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Yields

    
`zfloat`

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.AdaBoostRegressor`

![Decision Tree Regression with
AdaBoost](data:image/png;base64,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)

Decision Tree Regression with AdaBoost

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.AdaBoostRegressor.html

