# sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingRegressor

`class sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingRegressor(*, loss='ls',
learning_rate=0.1, n_estimators=100, subsample=1.0, criterion='friedman_mse',
min_samples_split=2, min_samples_leaf=1, min_weight_fraction_leaf=0.0,
max_depth=3, min_impurity_decrease=0.0, min_impurity_split=None, init=None,
random_state=None, max_features=None, alpha=0.9, verbose=0,
max_leaf_nodes=None, warm_start=False, validation_fraction=0.1,
n_iter_no_change=None, tol=0.0001, ccp_alpha=0.0)` [source]

    
Gradient Boosting for regression.

GB builds an additive model in a forward stage-wise fashion; it allows for the
optimization of arbitrary differentiable loss functions. In each stage a
regression tree is fit on the negative gradient of the given loss function.

Read more in the User Guide.

Parameters

    
`loss{‘ls’, ‘lad’, ‘huber’, ‘quantile’}, default=’ls’`

    
Loss function to be optimized. ‘ls’ refers to least squares regression. ‘lad’
(least absolute deviation) is a highly robust loss function solely based on
order information of the input variables. ‘huber’ is a combination of the two.
‘quantile’ allows quantile regression (use `alpha` to specify the quantile).

`learning_ratefloat, default=0.1`

    
Learning rate shrinks the contribution of each tree by `learning_rate`. There
is a trade-off between learning_rate and n_estimators.

`n_estimatorsint, default=100`

    
The number of boosting stages to perform. Gradient boosting is fairly robust
to over-fitting so a large number usually results in better performance.

`subsamplefloat, default=1.0`

    
The fraction of samples to be used for fitting the individual base learners.
If smaller than 1.0 this results in Stochastic Gradient Boosting. `subsample`
interacts with the parameter `n_estimators`. Choosing `subsample < 1.0` leads
to a reduction of variance and an increase in bias.

`criterion{‘friedman_mse’, ‘mse’, ‘mae’}, default=’friedman_mse’`

    
The function to measure the quality of a split. Supported criteria are
“friedman_mse” for the mean squared error with improvement score by Friedman,
“mse” for mean squared error, and “mae” for the mean absolute error. The
default value of “friedman_mse” is generally the best as it can provide a
better approximation in some cases.

New in version 0.18.

Deprecated since version 0.24: `criterion='mae'` is deprecated and will be
removed in version 1.1 (renaming of 0.26). The correct way of minimizing the
absolute error is to use `loss='lad'` instead.

`min_samples_splitint or float, default=2`

    
The minimum number of samples required to split an internal node:

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_split` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_split` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_split * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each split.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_samples_leafint or float, default=1`

    
The minimum number of samples required to be at a leaf node. A split point at
any depth will only be considered if it leaves at least `min_samples_leaf`
training samples in each of the left and right branches. This may have the
effect of smoothing the model, especially in regression.

  * If int, then consider `min_samples_leaf` as the minimum number.
  * If float, then `min_samples_leaf` is a fraction and `ceil(min_samples_leaf * n_samples)` are the minimum number of samples for each node.

Changed in version 0.18: Added float values for fractions.

`min_weight_fraction_leaffloat, default=0.0`

    
The minimum weighted fraction of the sum total of weights (of all the input
samples) required to be at a leaf node. Samples have equal weight when
sample_weight is not provided.

`max_depthint, default=3`

    
Maximum depth of the individual regression estimators. The maximum depth
limits the number of nodes in the tree. Tune this parameter for best
performance; the best value depends on the interaction of the input variables.

`min_impurity_decreasefloat, default=0.0`

    
A node will be split if this split induces a decrease of the impurity greater
than or equal to this value.

The weighted impurity decrease equation is the following:

    
    N_t / N * (impurity - N_t_R / N_t * right_impurity
                        - N_t_L / N_t * left_impurity)
    
where `N` is the total number of samples, `N_t` is the number of samples at
the current node, `N_t_L` is the number of samples in the left child, and
`N_t_R` is the number of samples in the right child.

`N`, `N_t`, `N_t_R` and `N_t_L` all refer to the weighted sum, if
`sample_weight` is passed.

New in version 0.19.

`min_impurity_splitfloat, default=None`

    
Threshold for early stopping in tree growth. A node will split if its impurity
is above the threshold, otherwise it is a leaf.

Deprecated since version 0.19: `min_impurity_split` has been deprecated in
favor of `min_impurity_decrease` in 0.19. The default value of
`min_impurity_split` has changed from 1e-7 to 0 in 0.23 and it will be removed
in 1.0 (renaming of 0.25). Use `min_impurity_decrease` instead.

`initestimator or ‘zero’, default=None`

    
An estimator object that is used to compute the initial predictions. `init`
has to provide fit and predict. If ‘zero’, the initial raw predictions are set
to zero. By default a `DummyEstimator` is used, predicting either the average
target value (for loss=’ls’), or a quantile for the other losses.

`random_stateint, RandomState instance or None, default=None`

    
Controls the random seed given to each Tree estimator at each boosting
iteration. In addition, it controls the random permutation of the features at
each split (see Notes for more details). It also controls the random spliting
of the training data to obtain a validation set if `n_iter_no_change` is not
None. Pass an int for reproducible output across multiple function calls. See
Glossary.

`max_features{‘auto’, ‘sqrt’, ‘log2’}, int or float, default=None`

    
The number of features to consider when looking for the best split:

  * If int, then consider `max_features` features at each split.
  * If float, then `max_features` is a fraction and `int(max_features * n_features)` features are considered at each split.
  * If “auto”, then `max_features=n_features`.
  * If “sqrt”, then `max_features=sqrt(n_features)`.
  * If “log2”, then `max_features=log2(n_features)`.
  * If None, then `max_features=n_features`.

Choosing `max_features < n_features` leads to a reduction of variance and an
increase in bias.

Note: the search for a split does not stop until at least one valid partition
of the node samples is found, even if it requires to effectively inspect more
than `max_features` features.

`alphafloat, default=0.9`

    
The alpha-quantile of the huber loss function and the quantile loss function.
Only if `loss='huber'` or `loss='quantile'`.

`verboseint, default=0`

    
Enable verbose output. If 1 then it prints progress and performance once in a
while (the more trees the lower the frequency). If greater than 1 then it
prints progress and performance for every tree.

`max_leaf_nodesint, default=None`

    
Grow trees with `max_leaf_nodes` in best-first fashion. Best nodes are defined
as relative reduction in impurity. If None then unlimited number of leaf
nodes.

`warm_startbool, default=False`

    
When set to `True`, reuse the solution of the previous call to fit and add
more estimators to the ensemble, otherwise, just erase the previous solution.
See the Glossary.

`validation_fractionfloat, default=0.1`

    
The proportion of training data to set aside as validation set for early
stopping. Must be between 0 and 1. Only used if `n_iter_no_change` is set to
an integer.

New in version 0.20.

`n_iter_no_changeint, default=None`

    
`n_iter_no_change` is used to decide if early stopping will be used to
terminate training when validation score is not improving. By default it is
set to None to disable early stopping. If set to a number, it will set aside
`validation_fraction` size of the training data as validation and terminate
training when validation score is not improving in all of the previous
`n_iter_no_change` numbers of iterations.

New in version 0.20.

`tolfloat, default=1e-4`

    
Tolerance for the early stopping. When the loss is not improving by at least
tol for `n_iter_no_change` iterations (if set to a number), the training
stops.

New in version 0.20.

`ccp_alphanon-negative float, default=0.0`

    
Complexity parameter used for Minimal Cost-Complexity Pruning. The subtree
with the largest cost complexity that is smaller than `ccp_alpha` will be
chosen. By default, no pruning is performed. See Minimal Cost-Complexity
Pruning for details.

New in version 0.22.

Attributes

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

`oob_improvement_ndarray of shape (n_estimators,)`

    
The improvement in loss (= deviance) on the out-of-bag samples relative to the
previous iteration. `oob_improvement_[0]` is the improvement in loss of the
first stage over the `init` estimator. Only available if `subsample < 1.0`

`train_score_ndarray of shape (n_estimators,)`

    
The i-th score `train_score_[i]` is the deviance (= loss) of the model at
iteration `i` on the in-bag sample. If `subsample == 1` this is the deviance
on the training data.

`loss_LossFunction`

    
The concrete `LossFunction` object.

`init_estimator`

    
The estimator that provides the initial predictions. Set via the `init`
argument or `loss.init_estimator`.

`estimators_ndarray of DecisionTreeRegressor of shape (n_estimators, 1)`

    
The collection of fitted sub-estimators.

`n_classes_int`

    
The number of classes, set to 1 for regressors.

Deprecated since version 0.24: Attribute `n_classes_` was deprecated in
version 0.24 and will be removed in 1.1 (renaming of 0.26).

`n_estimators_int`

    
The number of estimators as selected by early stopping (if `n_iter_no_change`
is specified). Otherwise it is set to `n_estimators`.

`n_features_int`

    
The number of data features.

`max_features_int`

    
The inferred value of max_features.

See also

`HistGradientBoostingRegressor`

    
Histogram-based Gradient Boosting Classification Tree.

`sklearn.tree.DecisionTreeRegressor`

    
A decision tree regressor.

`sklearn.tree.RandomForestRegressor`

    
A random forest regressor.

#### Notes

The features are always randomly permuted at each split. Therefore, the best
found split may vary, even with the same training data and
`max_features=n_features`, if the improvement of the criterion is identical
for several splits enumerated during the search of the best split. To obtain a
deterministic behaviour during fitting, `random_state` has to be fixed.

#### References

J. Friedman, Greedy Function Approximation: A Gradient Boosting Machine, The
Annals of Statistics, Vol. 29, No. 5, 2001.

  10. Friedman, Stochastic Gradient Boosting, 1999

T. Hastie, R. Tibshirani and J. Friedman. Elements of Statistical Learning Ed.
2, Springer, 2009.

#### Examples

    
    >>> from sklearn.datasets import make_regression
    >>> from sklearn.ensemble import GradientBoostingRegressor
    >>> from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    >>> X, y = make_regression(random_state=0)
    >>> X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(
    ...     X, y, random_state=0)
    >>> reg = GradientBoostingRegressor(random_state=0)
    >>> reg.fit(X_train, y_train)
    GradientBoostingRegressor(random_state=0)
    >>> reg.predict(X_test[1:2])
    array([-61...])
    >>> reg.score(X_test, y_test)
    0.4...
    
#### Methods

`apply`(X) | Apply trees in the ensemble to X, return leaf indices.  
---|---  
`fit`(X, y[, sample_weight, monitor]) | Fit the gradient boosting model.  
`get_params`([deep]) | Get parameters for this estimator.  
`predict`(X) | Predict regression target for X.  
`score`(X, y[, sample_weight]) | Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.  
`set_params`(**params) | Set the parameters of this estimator.  
`staged_predict`(X) | Predict regression target at each stage for X.  
`apply(X)` [source]

    
Apply trees in the ensemble to X, return leaf indices.

New in version 0.17.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, its dtype will be converted to
`dtype=np.float32`. If a sparse matrix is provided, it will be converted to a
sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`X_leavesarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_estimators)`

    
For each datapoint x in X and for each tree in the ensemble, return the index
of the leaf x ends up in each estimator.

`property feature_importances_`

    
The impurity-based feature importances.

The higher, the more important the feature. The importance of a feature is
computed as the (normalized) total reduction of the criterion brought by that
feature. It is also known as the Gini importance.

Warning: impurity-based feature importances can be misleading for high
cardinality features (many unique values). See
`sklearn.inspection.permutation_importance` as an alternative.

Returns

    
`feature_importances_ndarray of shape (n_features,)`

    
The values of this array sum to 1, unless all trees are single node trees
consisting of only the root node, in which case it will be an array of zeros.

`fit(X, y, sample_weight=None, monitor=None)` [source]

    
Fit the gradient boosting model.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,)`

    
Target values (strings or integers in classification, real numbers in
regression) For classification, labels must correspond to classes.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights. If None, then samples are equally weighted. Splits that would
create child nodes with net zero or negative weight are ignored while
searching for a split in each node. In the case of classification, splits are
also ignored if they would result in any single class carrying a negative
weight in either child node.

`monitorcallable, default=None`

    
The monitor is called after each iteration with the current iteration, a
reference to the estimator and the local variables of `_fit_stages` as keyword
arguments `callable(i, self, locals())`. If the callable returns `True` the
fitting procedure is stopped. The monitor can be used for various things such
as computing held-out estimates, early stopping, model introspect, and
snapshoting.

Returns

    
`selfobject`

`get_params(deep=True)` [source]

    
Get parameters for this estimator.

Parameters

    
`deepbool, default=True`

    
If True, will return the parameters for this estimator and contained
subobjects that are estimators.

Returns

    
`paramsdict`

    
Parameter names mapped to their values.

`predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict regression target for X.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`yndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted values.

`score(X, y, sample_weight=None)` [source]

    
Return the coefficient of determination \\(R^2\\) of the prediction.

The coefficient \\(R^2\\) is defined as \\((1 - \frac{u}{v})\\), where \\(u\\)
is the residual sum of squares `((y_true - y_pred) ** 2).sum()` and \\(v\\) is
the total sum of squares `((y_true - y_true.mean()) ** 2).sum()`. The best
possible score is 1.0 and it can be negative (because the model can be
arbitrarily worse). A constant model that always predicts the expected value
of `y`, disregarding the input features, would get a \\(R^2\\) score of 0.0.

Parameters

    
`Xarray-like of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
Test samples. For some estimators this may be a precomputed kernel matrix or a
list of generic objects instead with shape `(n_samples, n_samples_fitted)`,
where `n_samples_fitted` is the number of samples used in the fitting for the
estimator.

`yarray-like of shape (n_samples,) or (n_samples, n_outputs)`

    
True values for `X`.

`sample_weightarray-like of shape (n_samples,), default=None`

    
Sample weights.

Returns

    
`scorefloat`

    
\\(R^2\\) of `self.predict(X)` wrt. `y`.

#### Notes

The \\(R^2\\) score used when calling `score` on a regressor uses
`multioutput='uniform_average'` from version 0.23 to keep consistent with
default value of `r2_score`. This influences the `score` method of all the
multioutput regressors (except for `MultiOutputRegressor`).

`set_params(**params)` [source]

    
Set the parameters of this estimator.

The method works on simple estimators as well as on nested objects (such as
`Pipeline`). The latter have parameters of the form `<component>__<parameter>`
so that it’s possible to update each component of a nested object.

Parameters

    
`**paramsdict`

    
Estimator parameters.

Returns

    
`selfestimator instance`

    
Estimator instance.

`staged_predict(X)` [source]

    
Predict regression target at each stage for X.

This method allows monitoring (i.e. determine error on testing set) after each
stage.

Parameters

    
`X{array-like, sparse matrix} of shape (n_samples, n_features)`

    
The input samples. Internally, it will be converted to `dtype=np.float32` and
if a sparse matrix is provided to a sparse `csr_matrix`.

Returns

    
`ygenerator of ndarray of shape (n_samples,)`

    
The predicted value of the input samples.

## Examples using `sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingRegressor`

![Plot individual and voting regression
predictions](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot individual and voting regression predictions

![Prediction Intervals for Gradient Boosting
Regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Prediction Intervals for Gradient Boosting Regression

![Gradient Boosting
regression](data:image/png;base64,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)

Gradient Boosting regression

![Model Complexity
Influence](data:image/png;base64,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)

Model Complexity Influence

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/modules/generated/sklearn.ensemble.GradientBoostingRegressor.html

