# GeoDjango Management Commands

## `inspectdb`

`django-admin inspectdb`

When `django.contrib.gis` is in your `INSTALLED_APPS`, the `inspectdb`
management command is overridden with one from GeoDjango. The overridden
command is spatially-aware, and places geometry fields in the auto-generated
model definition, where appropriate.

## `ogrinspect`

`django-admin ogrinspect data_source model_name`

The `ogrinspect` management command will inspect the given OGR-compatible
`DataSource` (e.g., a shapefile) and will output a GeoDjango model with the
given model name. There’s a detailed example of using `ogrinspect` in the
tutorial.

`--blank BLANK`

    
Use a comma separated list of OGR field names to add the `blank=True` keyword
option to the field definition. Set with `true` to apply to all applicable
fields.

`--decimal DECIMAL`

    
Use a comma separated list of OGR float fields to generate `DecimalField`
instead of the default `FloatField`. Set to `true` to apply to all OGR float
fields.

`--geom-name GEOM_NAME`

    
Specifies the model attribute name to use for the geometry field. Defaults to
`'geom'`.

`--layer LAYER_KEY`

    
The key for specifying which layer in the OGR `DataSource` source to use.
Defaults to 0 (the first layer). May be an integer or a string identifier for
the `Layer`. When inspecting databases, `layer` is generally the table name
you want to inspect.

`--mapping`

    
Automatically generate a mapping dictionary for use with `LayerMapping`.

`--multi-geom`

    
When generating the geometry field, treat it as a geometry collection. For
example, if this setting is enabled then a `MultiPolygonField` will be placed
in the generated model rather than `PolygonField`.

`--name-field NAME_FIELD`

    
Generates a `__str__()` method on the model that returns the given field name.

`--no-imports`

    
Suppresses the `from django.contrib.gis.db import models` import statement.

`--null NULL`

    
Use a comma separated list of OGR field names to add the `null=True` keyword
option to the field definition. Set with `true` to apply to all applicable
fields.

`--srid SRID`

    
The SRID to use for the geometry field. If not set, `ogrinspect` attempts to
automatically determine of the SRID of the data source.

© Django Software Foundation and individual contributors  
Licensed under the BSD License.  
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/ref/contrib/gis/commands/

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider

