# Early stopping of Gradient Boosting

Gradient boosting is an ensembling technique where several weak learners
(regression trees) are combined to yield a powerful single model, in an
iterative fashion.

Early stopping support in Gradient Boosting enables us to find the least
number of iterations which is sufficient to build a model that generalizes
well to unseen data.

The concept of early stopping is simple. We specify a `validation_fraction`
which denotes the fraction of the whole dataset that will be kept aside from
training to assess the validation loss of the model. The gradient boosting
model is trained using the training set and evaluated using the validation
set. When each additional stage of regression tree is added, the validation
set is used to score the model. This is continued until the scores of the
model in the last `n_iter_no_change` stages do not improve by atleast `tol`.
After that the model is considered to have converged and further addition of
stages is “stopped early”.

The number of stages of the final model is available at the attribute
`n_estimators_`.

This example illustrates how the early stopping can used in the
`GradientBoostingClassifier` model to achieve almost the same accuracy as
compared to a model built without early stopping using many fewer estimators.
This can significantly reduce training time, memory usage and prediction
latency.

    
    # Authors: Vighnesh Birodkar <vighneshbirodkar@nyu.edu>
    #          Raghav RV <rvraghav93@gmail.com>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    import time
    
    import numpy as np
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    from sklearn import ensemble
    from sklearn import datasets
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
    
    print(__doc__)
    
    data_list = [datasets.load_iris(), datasets.load_digits()]
    data_list = [(d.data, d.target) for d in data_list]
    data_list += [datasets.make_hastie_10_2()]
    names = ['Iris Data', 'Digits Data', 'Hastie Data']
    
    n_gb = []
    score_gb = []
    time_gb = []
    n_gbes = []
    score_gbes = []
    time_gbes = []
    
    n_estimators = 500
    
    for X, y in data_list:
        X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test = train_test_split(X, y, test_size=0.2,
                                                            random_state=0)
    
        # We specify that if the scores don't improve by atleast 0.01 for the last
        # 10 stages, stop fitting additional stages
        gbes = ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier(n_estimators=n_estimators,
                                                   validation_fraction=0.2,
                                                   n_iter_no_change=5, tol=0.01,
                                                   random_state=0)
        gb = ensemble.GradientBoostingClassifier(n_estimators=n_estimators,
                                                 random_state=0)
        start = time.time()
        gb.fit(X_train, y_train)
        time_gb.append(time.time() - start)
    
        start = time.time()
        gbes.fit(X_train, y_train)
        time_gbes.append(time.time() - start)
    
        score_gb.append(gb.score(X_test, y_test))
        score_gbes.append(gbes.score(X_test, y_test))
    
        n_gb.append(gb.n_estimators_)
        n_gbes.append(gbes.n_estimators_)
    
    bar_width = 0.2
    n = len(data_list)
    index = np.arange(0, n * bar_width, bar_width) * 2.5
    index = index[0:n]
    
## Compare scores with and without early stopping

    
    plt.figure(figsize=(9, 5))
    
    bar1 = plt.bar(index, score_gb, bar_width, label='Without early stopping',
                   color='crimson')
    bar2 = plt.bar(index + bar_width, score_gbes, bar_width,
                   label='With early stopping', color='coral')
    
    plt.xticks(index + bar_width, names)
    plt.yticks(np.arange(0, 1.3, 0.1))
    
    
    def autolabel(rects, n_estimators):
        """
        Attach a text label above each bar displaying n_estimators of each model
        """
        for i, rect in enumerate(rects):
            plt.text(rect.get_x() + rect.get_width() / 2.,
                     1.05 * rect.get_height(), 'n_est=%d' % n_estimators[i],
                     ha='center', va='bottom')
    
    
    autolabel(bar1, n_gb)
    autolabel(bar2, n_gbes)
    
    plt.ylim([0, 1.3])
    plt.legend(loc='best')
    plt.grid(True)
    
    plt.xlabel('Datasets')
    plt.ylabel('Test score')
    
    plt.show()
    
![plot gradient boosting early
stopping](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAA4QAAAH0CAMAAABSLRPhAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAAAbFBMVEX////x8fEAAAD4+Pj6+vr6gVXZHELcFDz/f1CwsLDY2NgODg7+/v7r6+sdHR3v7+/i4uItLS09PT1ycnLNGj5eXl4GBgbseVCBgYHPz8+9vb2QkJCdnZ1PT0+np6fGxsZpaWn29vZFRUX5+fkGsVPpAAAdPElEQVR42uyda3eiPBeGA2Wt9yUnE1hkEQ5y8P//xycJaLGth1pnpsh9fZg6isFUru6dBDaEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/w6udhEAq2On+MtIqGIAVol6GQl3sVrD3z2xF6/+p/31u/jUHqp49zISRnG0ho+ZpMmrDwxev4tP7eFKDlxICAkhISTEEYouQkJICAkhISTEEfqvu8iH30GURj9vJIGEkHB9XTzQ34J9RiPz+iAkhITr6SJX9JdEwkE8ow2qICEkXFkXD/S3LKjx3TNOchE0gYSQcF1dHOjwUhLO/YGEkBASQkJICAn/vITV6dQwWT/ahortQxJmOSSEhFuUkDfMfYjIZO5hF9OD4KRh1yW8oSe/JGGpbwz9IkgICV9Lwv9dYbExjTtCUmncW0oZnvmhhIdHJUQ6Cgk3KiGRJSF5rytCxsKno5W/aKh0TxdMNu51mxnWR3O22BYk869Pb931jGXOONpK5hsIbyqchDyIamMaJKy0YZlq/PsaolrGWuGVbKRpXfJbtCVj/WHawWmvnTY6nW2GhJDwxSUsRkL0vi/JwTRewkPNhMsMJatpGVMyyNZWsniXUMhSiCnOZa2lORPENpaWRpHwJuojYYh6eRYiYcJyShs15FqIgevMdtolvyUbp3adtjRl5SzhvNfIP6khISTchIR+UBgZsc+cgDRMzMzpqPODu6DUMNdYGouThD4dnZLMir35DZupIe2Cn2zniRnlktyENUFCEVfv6Wjlr8z1KXDpH1Su3cLvoGF8knC51wYSQsJtREJnRKqJMIMfEi4k9AmlLl0483mn82gp4UQdM0ecExfkws+Q2k6zo21PUjZMY8LCtLWaJazDuJM10wDUt1tkIXNVk4TLvVpICAm3IaEzJ+8J11VWXJGwmyQclxKWMpzaKUgvU0v17NA0O+oMdB7OEzO2zFj3lYTRRQlHSAgJNyRhMeo9IX3uhoRBwv2ZhKd0tHWpZiKXElbHoi9uMzeKOzoUJExkbbrF7GjWn6Wj9lI6etrrG9JRSLgdCRtjBHHqTVbsSBdXYjjpcJqYaUxKe+YejK06TszoSnWlJa22tmVnkZCXRk9LFFzlnapY7fZgxdvZxEynjxMzMidnEvqJmQoTM5BwKxKqWId/JZnPmOmZX6KYdTgtUSQ9k6UfE3bazEsUUS+NLBRRmZF1dhYJXbSr53VC0bqtSk7eWna2RFEvlyjeziUMSxT7mEJCSLgJCZ9dzXNqr/Ph9cppa6el+6K99Bn2ZoCEkHDNEv5T3qif5rlfwk80nUp9ErxaCatWxun8VykdGcsqSAgJ/ypNrNVPJOQuV5X5sGYJy/QoIcnrjubGQkJI+A94/FIm/rk/q5KQc05OEobO+JEuJISEK5KQrFxCz0nC8Ks4O+8dEkJCSPi3JeQ1E8fxcijpL5IVMKRD8uL8qS5GdOC/g2SXPKGVgUa+W2LNEu7NaWKmDDe32afgpbFi90oIG3q1X7GEe/P+GJEQkXB9kTBafSRcOogxIcaEGBP+HSJr49oqkhfewVoIsYOEkPAevlfo6eY2X0v43ToX61wnDCO/Ilwkks2PISEk/JL3Qk/kzkJPNyV8N/lrCSOxjdnRa3ESEm5Cwv9fYRGrvl/o6cjhUQm3skQBCSHhXRLeLvQUZKql8RcdJoX76c0r2lJKL2E46SyZN1QtMzpVU+711jOTVdw1mWrjy0E1zLk+qikdLdpast71X41G7q8bDwkh4WtLyG8UegrkuqKNqUhSdmpv9tNFgNZL2PmrEFMWDinejpamVZLGVOxILlNaMOGa1JVtZUIaozubZbOErKepv4x49E8aSAgJtxwJbxR6Cg2azke/eWahd8GvkIc5ZfWBsZ1fmU+PDOno4F19c1tUsXsg3P8an/iGGk9eQmelf5+/yH669hASQsLNSnij0BMJMza+opOfvGm0+6mnOonTNrV/bzf7bLLSzhL6qjEuNhZzEQxfssL47vryMscG8oykxo8aGSSEhFuWcCr0RC4VepokrMLNOv2Cl6W9Pl5/5LdxBk7Fm8KgsGlNvZRwPJOQLyRsISEkhIRHQqEnfqnQUzhkzDxD0/v4NZ5JSNr+7CKdXDtnxcd0dPcpHXUNcCch0lFICAlvFXoKlKyhtm5IzSpasnMJK3MsukbyStmsJSpuRERyWS0nZg4+WV1MzMyREBMzkBAS+upoVws9+U14rQ0bK/JWMNbn5xJyOR6b6qVhhS/iJOOCDMslCv15iWKKhPMSRQMJIeELSng3P1xPH1h6uekdf1+6n8aaX+1NxRUkhIRblvBHcJXL5DsSfqRKVZfJBBJCQkj4IC6LvRLF7pFQG9kqAgkhISR8NBJef/XmuaOc390fSAgJIeEDiuIEbkgICSEhJISEkBASQsLtdfFAdy8loaAJJISE6+oiV3T4JYhntEEVgYSQcGVdPNDfQveMRhSHhJBwdV3kvyQQRmn080aSdR24M4u7MhFV6DiHhOji+nu43rsyqbzRkBBdhIR/eUrqw12ZMkiILkLCv8/yXhQLCVEGH11cbQ/Fi0iIG8KA1bJHJESYQBcRCZ8h4RNT688XpkgfZf2+VGtY70vi2czIkj/Y/IfhhCqka8y32o2MjRYjJowJIeFnCUvhq8aSRGe2kr3bkyxsyurnSFgVFU2l60rECkpbmeAQhYS/mOVdmYi1urD0kb5kfc7keyGtXc+Yr2ZuM8a0nYuln0k465b6wj97E5Gavfl6I/wZzYfrzrgvrhdq6dmY4hCFhL+Y5V2ZSHgsH5KQlbQ5Vf/gWWtpzgTRLhDt7VwsvWczTgwpmfb5Yrjz1c69MVQDsqdaXN9svlHnzYeJJe0jYXkYco1ICAnXy/0SeodPK/2VD2tENr5663s6Ko7n97lfdl3ZhhVzcUpi9mTs/Vgu7h5r3n9/y+YdNLxI3eBTKxyikHALEnqHjrcZIHUohR7npDRjSS9VDEljcbeEN5r//P0pf38EMmRF17V6wCEKCTcgYb60pJQhJAkXierRpLOEH/NFNRdYvicdvdG8//7Omle68APDxg8yD76+Mw5RSLgtCaulTE6v/ad09Dgps5iYOVybmLnR/Md01MXBsJPaN5gwSAgJNychz3SlutIOvfsh87lY+oKutmovW79EMU5LFLurSxS3mi/VcJ6LjkoIHylNT2nBFA5RSLg1CUnUSyMLdfCL5v0wF0tfYDNmdOnFCYv1b+TGYv03m2/CNG/sg2bG2NjhEIWEG5Dway4WiuRfPPpB85e/P45DFBJuW8INHaF/+Mw8SAgJ74xM+2l6Uv+ZD3O5+d8p4TPPzIOEkPDezediO3/q01xq/q8coY+cmefD3p1n5kFCSIh09D/27kS5TSwNAyih1TPNIixQiRJCm5X3f8cRWmxwHNuaFhDb569USrGdVFHK0d3v9y7CfnfmQQghhO8ifG9nXvqvduZBCCGE73dHg+dlkvTuO/PeG3L++oh/5U2Ge7MKk81tUYfwWyDsd2fe7QjnhwZhVS7j1YtL8nqpTzX/C+F3QHj/nXk3zvsEUR4fEaYn41H5YwyEf+78L4TfAeH9d+bdeGRymlWzpiWcF6ePhNVdOtxfZv4Xwu+A8L2tc+nNO/NuOzKZHpbBCeEq3E5mRXiPPepfaP4Xwq+J8Df12515aXDTrrnOvM/7RybrYnJGeGx+wnJ5H4RfZ/4Xwm+FcKh5nxdHJjfh5V6SJt3sMQ7vsUm98zkw9Pzvt75jphUIE6zyMltD+Fb1tjPvxiOTs6o6DtOi2dXsZIDPgearvc3/fmeE0XMgTDor5/G6jCB8693ta2fejUcmzwCqpsWq4mXnTevtc6B58S/mfyF8o55awnnzibYvIBy/O/rukcknhEGRlEU0yOfAv5z/hfAjCE9vQlROIPxzKh3wEXue/4XwIwhPa0S7ay9EFoVHfLN+3u1fWicvn3BZlMkpU+LQfAIc/xP+WOTh5jtkUeRnhNPLwFwq0/A1L0+Vfa+n3pcvv7JYbE5f2+7r9TIrji8O+7z4DqlM3e7oR1rC//RXf99S0S0//Cc3eNd5jxFbwvVl/veu/+h5M87zYy6azTiTyWkzzu68GafzhD/PreO5va2z06vFt2gJb5+Y+W9/9c8NdUR4w0//4YPA9NWbeYYb9vYy//uBzTiTQ2f143lZclYsrjO0X3RM2A6EuX2JAkJzTx9D+P5mnMm6s/pxRbgow83jF0fYCYS5ebEeQgg/hnAfvLcZ58UTXhHO4ijff3GEr3SHIISw39WPVzfj/LY7ep2w/0YIb3oWCCH8PxC+uhnnN93RY7MAIYQQ3hvhq5txOk84q5ZJVf0IonU1i/JmqBRXm6KqIIQQwrsgfHUzTucJF6epilVzgU6ZzR+Cy10aIYQQQnjnCYi+nhBCCCEc+Qkh/FII+3vC74fwzcOYEEII4QD/nd7ajAMhhBDqjkIIIYQQQjjsI/5j7glCCCHs+U2EEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYTwN1VnZX4Ns6rzMl9DCCGEg9a2XMfzS9BVnWzjbRJBCOEnfxM/GcJiHzzdCHm6hGBeQAghhAPWz+b+7fQC7xRGMb/cg+8a/J4f8e8/5BG/4pv4ua7BP4cbL8+HnedZlVbZ5T46gTDq09b28yL8a1GG2fwSy6Ql1BJqCYfrjj6PAyezSZ2kxoTGhMaEw1Xanpg5z84sTMxACOEYSxRNLFO8jXeLy3IFhBBCOORi/So4xTLFeZlsYov1EEJo2xqEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhPepdirTNi+zxRRCCCEcslqpTOkurGe7fAMhhBAOWcU+eLr8t86uv0EIIYRDVTuVKd2VUTo9qQxkUciikEUxUHUCYYJtUoabS2CqVCYllWlwhGmc1dUqX2gJtYRawqG7o9dUpkUzJ7O75BMaExoTGhMOUp1Upg2EEEI43hJFk8q0Lut4l8ushxDC4RfrL6lMQd0s1s8ghBBC29YghBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCL8cwnj1GKQQQgjhWDU9hGEcLOYQQgjhSLU4zJI4WOUQQgjhSJVVwRHhLIEQQghHqqPA468dhBBCOFYdlkEySzcbCCGEcKy50eRQbvIshhBCCEebHl1uDsuZJQoIIRypJkV849+AEEII7z4xAyGEEI5Z8zmEEEI4au2TfD+fz+2YgRDCsaq4FIQQQvhZCkIIIbx7zX5ZoGgFwixO9/3mEEIIYV+VLpMwTJads0ytQJjgYTqdzpIlhBBC2NvsaFJXVd1Wdr53NL3cOxqkaRq1rh2FEEII71xZc9t2ELVil7o3cDe1ORgTQghhb1WeFuvjsj1G7ATCNH/eXl7JopBFIYuihyWK/Wm1sHgD4TL5eX0llUlJZbp7rZJ8sciT3Rvd0expJV9LqCXUEvaxQLHcbF6coji1jteJmWAVVtYJjQmNCXtdpPjlC+1AmEsiBYQQQthXrU+TLtv1L4v110CYh3INIYQQ9tgMNtgCt61BCOGISxSn4eCshBBCCP+cxXoIIYRw0G1r2WoyWWXOE0II4Vg12YRlGS5+QgghhKNVvI1mN/w4hBBC2ENrWD1ACCGEo40J18GkCJMVhBBCONbsaBVEWbx0xwyEEI64TrifS2WCEMIRW8LVJIuCGEIIIRyrlkme/RWsdUchhHC02tazIFhHEEII4WcpCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEII71PhtPl9GkIIIYSjInSyHkIIR6q6Dpf1sTbdO2ZaqUzB4zIrszWEEELY06a1LMyOlR92nfX7VipTsClWs90OQggh7KuKX48StlOZ0lUy1R2FEMK+68Wh3s41+PvDPMvmj+fvuAbfNfiuwb9/vXKotxMIcyg3uyhbnL8jEEYJhOlhVPjrod4XCI+tZBQ+agm1hFrCnuqVQ72d7uiiuZE0DmNjQmNCY8K+WsJXDvU2EzPXVKZ1+eO5JYQQQgjvX68c6u2kMv3INvEq25sdhRDC3uq1Q73tVKb4UD7NjkIIIYS91KMN3BBCOOYa4TIL42C5hhBCCMcaE2bbMg62LnqCEMLxZkeDJHblIYQQjrpOCCGEEI5Z+bZB6Bp8CCEcqRY/omRZ1vtSIAyEEI5T4TRYFUlZfNwghBBCeG+EtxaEEEIIIYQQfiWEybUghBDCcRDW60tBCCGEuqMQQgghhBBCCCGEEH7Lo0wQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQvhcrUCY1em+3xhCCCEcstqBMKswnk6nEwghhHDIKvbB072jq/AhSFPdUQghHLJON3Cnlxu4V2GWHVYQQgjhkNXJoojX1W4fXhTKopBFIYtieIRB0xXdbM6vpTIpqUzDdUevgTBnfLmWUEuoJRyw0vbEzKk2hTGhMaEx4RhLFE0gTB3F8TyMIIQQwsEX68+BMOnxZVJEZkchhHC8vqltaxBCaO8ohBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEXwthK5XpWLswhxBCCAetdipTEDxkBwghhHDYKvZB6/LfxXIJIYQQDlqdVKZgnU8ghBDCYaubypTFT1EUsihkUciiGB5hmq+f82CkMimpTAN2Ry+pTA/huVZaQi2hlnC4aqcypVUVV/u8ejQmNCY0JhxhiaJJZQqCVncUQgghHHCx/pzKBCGEENq2BiGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgjhXauVyrQrkjKvIYQQwkGrlcqUVtt4dvwzhBBCOGQV+6CVypSmwWYBIYQQDljdVKZjVdmlJXQNvmvwXYM/SHVSmYIgK8Pl5aVAGCUQZgSE6axaJ1stoZZQSzh0dzR46o6m3XvwjQmNCY0Je6+0OzHTtIoZhBBCOMYSRZPKVEdxvE6WEEII4eCL9ZdUpjovk7xOIYQQQtvWIIQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQgghhBBCCCGEEEIIIYQQQggh/CoInwNh0uiQJMUKQgghHLRagTDBvN7F87KCEEIIB6zTvaPp5d7R0z1ruSsPIYRwyHpxA/cRYlZDCCGEA9aLQJggrZPp+ZUsClkUsihGQbgtrxMzUpmUVKYxuqPbMrp+R0uoJdQSDlPNxMxTIEzLoDGhMaEx4UCzo+1AmG1ZT6fTBwghhHDwxfpLIExxGgbKrIcQQtvWIIQQwv+1d25LiupQAA2MLyQQCRxy5I70///jSbgobU9N1ZxxbNG1amq6bXlwmyzYSWAHCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZEQCZHwPlx3ZRJpYcIcCZEQCR/LdlemNG8MEiIhEj6W212ZMiREQiR8LLe7Ml0lpAw+ZfApg/8QbjeEuUrIhjDAhjDfLCFXQq6EXAm/OR1lTMiYkDHhY/ATM+I6J4qESIiEj54d3e7KJMrSFKVEQiREwocv1i+7MolpLkYjIRIiIbetISESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIiESIuGrSLjZEEZUxuoGCZEQCR/KZkOYOLW5bGyEhEiIhI8kG8Sl7mjuC3EPGRIiIRI+kKkCd7xU4J4q/0b2gIRIiISP49NeFPrk/uvDKTdd9qJIk1/xz9/j39+h+52Dk9/iSSL8iyG+YiOm4XGvEppZwmR6Me/KBLBL0r2lo+Jn6ai/Eh7lMdgB7oIdvDivH+JdIzym8Y4kjH85MfMiy5lvsGJLhHtmuyHMlyUK2o8QifBBi/XrhjC3i/W0HyES4XckqPHuPvKP049Xb5XXD/ENGhEAAAAAAADgFQijd4is2tWdV/+bOA1LuvReKNr1t+TzNJq/v05l9faPu+rARRhaPTbxTWQfSSwadXNs5WM1ebqnc9LccD9rkumdQ3LYf4zvJuHH7Rsnk6RlrU2wVwlH9/lPajx8fesnEspEdkaVryPhF/YY4ztJmA25ynyLfAzaTs98iPXuc2ndS9d0ukhE6u/gLUSVKdXKnZxdqrCZ+1pvrIlciuZ6rb8mhCd/O4Vut2eXs8nccaNSmeuo2h2jhWy18vdcPLWESaGt6YRvJ6vG8/SIQDWlo3KcGm63Mb6VhCqX0nfVWvdp320lFK370USyz0ZxiNzJ9CiiSJatifchoTDjJGGgChmZWcKPWiVJUIadu9J/usTXYSKqTspCByIJmyQRZVPKk02fW8K0LmUd9iK1tYsoCNoxST68hKlr13LM9hvjW0loltxkGONNOjr9yO38sg+DTe6TPP+wf5GwMFNkjTq7k8ksoU9HYxGp4DbPrsK5KtBBRdtUzdTPOeZVDrs2yZiLcnnQyEUeCy/hyZ2A3C9ytzG+Vzq6SFgqPVRfJSxdwmJdW87t6E6iSj3/aGKRsJ0lnJ4qK68SChEYVXTnTxJGroMmg4+uXjroOTfuVf6cY17p6NwnP5zch7StOIyqbY5z5NPs6Gi9p0tT7THGt5IwX0fpQTeo9jYdPauil9XSgX2CV0m5GwlNO0s43kooDlWu9fE2VRtNJKVaO+igo1Ka/Hnj85+8Vl0pW29e73RM53cmCVvvqTzvNsb3lNA1ZLWWALhMzExpTucadaoOkPh8pt+LhOvETKN+XNPRbp0dPdvodtJCNb4Duw46veWLIgTqySVsC9dsZj7nHHQthlXCk9lMDe8xxreUsJ5G7PEi4bpEkdh8ntRI3UA+iFUhK7MDCeclivZwmZiplokZdwqpknNUl2l9GS/N0/fSX+dln1nXQfWQuP5tyrJ9dglz3UufwPSnMu2cVyctk8M8MdO6FKY47DbGt5SwcaODcZly2SzWd9pmfnrfNa9fojDWVDuQMAytmhfr1yWKbh3XDio89ZmaJ/bFZSHbpwClsbpzlxMRaatFmlldZ08uYdIqfXIv5egicp88GdW6RNG6v+TxbmOE16Oz5+uL+KVCi2ldeHqaPo10wfcA8G34+2PyM98DwLela+RrAAAAAAAAAAAAsH82lSsWvjwr//n4lu8M4L4SfqlcgYQAj5Xw8oBEbaweArEUrFjKcIhjoabNP9JWqTadt4SstqU7AOAeEvrKFXWVVmYQc8GKtQyHGEyZVpE466KUhfmY6z1sS3cAwD0kjIv5sWP/dOA1HfVlONr5HtHGF8L5sNV8/LZ0BwDc5UrYGlGNvvDGeZFwLcMRWZP3TrupCktYz8dvS3cAwH3S0Ta1eS+btWDFpQyHSJrC5mLIpuoOx+X4TekOALiHhFXYRDb2Tx8vBSsuZTimXFS5f0s9tWF1by3dAQB/KOFauaIMa9notWDFpQzHKZKyzcRZZ31a5elc72FbugMA/lDCS+WKWtuxWQtWXMpwnIz1SxMi8UsVQzDXe9iW7gCABxBT8wEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACejf8A399O3J03hbYAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

## Compare fit times with and without early stopping

    
    plt.figure(figsize=(9, 5))
    
    bar1 = plt.bar(index, time_gb, bar_width, label='Without early stopping',
                   color='crimson')
    bar2 = plt.bar(index + bar_width, time_gbes, bar_width,
                   label='With early stopping', color='coral')
    
    max_y = np.amax(np.maximum(time_gb, time_gbes))
    
    plt.xticks(index + bar_width, names)
    plt.yticks(np.linspace(0, 1.3 * max_y, 13))
    
    autolabel(bar1, n_gb)
    autolabel(bar2, n_gbes)
    
    plt.ylim([0, 1.3 * max_y])
    plt.legend(loc='best')
    plt.grid(True)
    
    plt.xlabel('Datasets')
    plt.ylabel('Fit Time')
    
    plt.show()
    
![plot gradient boosting early
stopping](data:image/png;base64,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)

Total running time of the script: ( 1 minutes 14.053 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_gradient_boosting_early_stopping.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_gradient_boosting_early_stopping.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/ensemble/plot_gradient_boosting_early_stopping.html

