# pandas.DataFrame.to_stata

DataFrame.to_stata(path, convert_dates=None, write_index=True, byteorder=None,
time_stamp=None, data_label=None, variable_labels=None, version=114,
convert_strl=None, compression='infer', storage_options=None, *,
value_labels=None)[source]

    
Export DataFrame object to Stata dta format.

Writes the DataFrame to a Stata dataset file. “dta” files contain a Stata
dataset.

Parameters

    
path:str, path object, or buffer

    
String, path object (implementing `os.PathLike[str]`), or file-like object
implementing a binary `write()` function.

Changed in version 1.0.0.

Previously this was “fname”

convert_dates:dict

    
Dictionary mapping columns containing datetime types to stata internal format
to use when writing the dates. Options are ‘tc’, ‘td’, ‘tm’, ‘tw’, ‘th’, ‘tq’,
‘ty’. Column can be either an integer or a name. Datetime columns that do not
have a conversion type specified will be converted to ‘tc’. Raises
NotImplementedError if a datetime column has timezone information.

write_index:bool

    
Write the index to Stata dataset.

byteorder:str

    
Can be “>”, “<”, “little”, or “big”. default is sys.byteorder.

time_stamp:datetime

    
A datetime to use as file creation date. Default is the current time.

data_label:str, optional

    
A label for the data set. Must be 80 characters or smaller.

variable_labels:dict

    
Dictionary containing columns as keys and variable labels as values. Each
label must be 80 characters or smaller.

version:{114, 117, 118, 119, None}, default 114

    
Version to use in the output dta file. Set to None to let pandas decide
between 118 or 119 formats depending on the number of columns in the frame.
Version 114 can be read by Stata 10 and later. Version 117 can be read by
Stata 13 or later. Version 118 is supported in Stata 14 and later. Version 119
is supported in Stata 15 and later. Version 114 limits string variables to 244
characters or fewer while versions 117 and later allow strings with lengths up
to 2,000,000 characters. Versions 118 and 119 support Unicode characters, and
version 119 supports more than 32,767 variables.

Version 119 should usually only be used when the number of variables exceeds
the capacity of dta format 118. Exporting smaller datasets in format 119 may
have unintended consequences, and, as of November 2020, Stata SE cannot read
version 119 files.

Changed in version 1.0.0: Added support for formats 118 and 119.

convert_strl:list, optional

    
List of column names to convert to string columns to Stata StrL format. Only
available if version is 117. Storing strings in the StrL format can produce
smaller dta files if strings have more than 8 characters and values are
repeated.

compression:str or dict, default ‘infer’

    
For on-the-fly compression of the output data. If ‘infer’ and ‘path’ path-
like, then detect compression from the following extensions: ‘.gz’, ‘.bz2’,
‘.zip’, ‘.xz’, or ‘.zst’ (otherwise no compression). Set to `None` for no
compression. Can also be a dict with key `'method'` set to one of {`'zip'`,
`'gzip'`, `'bz2'`, `'zstd'`} and other key-value pairs are forwarded to
`zipfile.ZipFile`, `gzip.GzipFile`, `bz2.BZ2File`, or
`zstandard.ZstdDecompressor`, respectively. As an example, the following could
be passed for faster compression and to create a reproducible gzip archive:
`compression={'method': 'gzip', 'compresslevel': 1, 'mtime': 1}`.

New in version 1.1.0.

Changed in version 1.4.0: Zstandard support.

storage_options:dict, optional

    
Extra options that make sense for a particular storage connection, e.g. host,
port, username, password, etc. For HTTP(S) URLs the key-value pairs are
forwarded to `urllib` as header options. For other URLs (e.g. starting with
“s3://”, and “gcs://”) the key-value pairs are forwarded to `fsspec`. Please
see `fsspec` and `urllib` for more details.

New in version 1.2.0.

value_labels:dict of dicts

    
Dictionary containing columns as keys and dictionaries of column value to
labels as values. Labels for a single variable must be 32,000 characters or
smaller.

New in version 1.4.0.

Raises

    
NotImplementedError

    
  * If datetimes contain timezone information
  * Column dtype is not representable in Stata

ValueError

    
  * Columns listed in convert_dates are neither datetime64[ns] or datetime.datetime
  * Column listed in convert_dates is not in DataFrame
  * Categorical label contains more than 32,000 characters

See also

`read_stata`

    
Import Stata data files.

`io.stata.StataWriter`

    
Low-level writer for Stata data files.

`io.stata.StataWriter117`

    
Low-level writer for version 117 files.

Examples

    
    >>> df = pd.DataFrame({'animal': ['falcon', 'parrot', 'falcon',
    ...                               'parrot'],
    ...                    'speed': [350, 18, 361, 15]})
    >>> df.to_stata('animals.dta')  
    
© 2008–2022, AQR Capital Management, LLC, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-
docs/version/1.4.0/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.to_stata.html

