# pandas.Series.to_latex

Series.to_latex(buf=None, columns=None, col_space=None, header=True,
index=True, na_rep='NaN', formatters=None, float_format=None, sparsify=None,
index_names=True, bold_rows=False, column_format=None, longtable=None,
escape=None, encoding=None, decimal='.', multicolumn=None,
multicolumn_format=None, multirow=None, caption=None, label=None,
position=None)[source]

    
Render object to a LaTeX tabular, longtable, or nested table.

Requires `\usepackage{booktabs}`. The output can be copy/pasted into a main
LaTeX document or read from an external file with `\input{table.tex}`.

Changed in version 1.0.0: Added caption and label arguments.

Changed in version 1.2.0: Added position argument, changed meaning of caption
argument.

Parameters

    
buf:str, Path or StringIO-like, optional, default None

    
Buffer to write to. If None, the output is returned as a string.

columns:list of label, optional

    
The subset of columns to write. Writes all columns by default.

col_space:int, optional

    
The minimum width of each column.

header:bool or list of str, default True

    
Write out the column names. If a list of strings is given, it is assumed to be
aliases for the column names.

index:bool, default True

    
Write row names (index).

na_rep:str, default ‘NaN’

    
Missing data representation.

formatters:list of functions or dict of {str: function}, optional

    
Formatter functions to apply to columns’ elements by position or name. The
result of each function must be a unicode string. List must be of length equal
to the number of columns.

float_format:one-parameter function or str, optional, default None

    
Formatter for floating point numbers. For example `float_format="%.2f"` and
`float_format="{:0.2f}".format` will both result in 0.1234 being formatted as
0.12.

sparsify:bool, optional

    
Set to False for a DataFrame with a hierarchical index to print every
multiindex key at each row. By default, the value will be read from the config
module.

index_names:bool, default True

    
Prints the names of the indexes.

bold_rows:bool, default False

    
Make the row labels bold in the output.

column_format:str, optional

    
The columns format as specified in LaTeX table format e.g. ‘rcl’ for 3
columns. By default, ‘l’ will be used for all columns except columns of
numbers, which default to ‘r’.

longtable:bool, optional

    
By default, the value will be read from the pandas config module. Use a
longtable environment instead of tabular. Requires adding a
usepackage{longtable} to your LaTeX preamble.

escape:bool, optional

    
By default, the value will be read from the pandas config module. When set to
False prevents from escaping latex special characters in column names.

encoding:str, optional

    
A string representing the encoding to use in the output file, defaults to
‘utf-8’.

decimal:str, default ‘.’

    
Character recognized as decimal separator, e.g. ‘,’ in Europe.

multicolumn:bool, default True

    
Use multicolumn to enhance MultiIndex columns. The default will be read from
the config module.

multicolumn_format:str, default ‘l’

    
The alignment for multicolumns, similar to column_format The default will be
read from the config module.

multirow:bool, default False

    
Use multirow to enhance MultiIndex rows. Requires adding a
usepackage{multirow} to your LaTeX preamble. Will print centered labels
(instead of top-aligned) across the contained rows, separating groups via
clines. The default will be read from the pandas config module.

caption:str or tuple, optional

    
Tuple (full_caption, short_caption), which results in
`\caption[short_caption]{full_caption}`; if a single string is passed, no
short caption will be set.

New in version 1.0.0.

Changed in version 1.2.0: Optionally allow caption to be a tuple
`(full_caption, short_caption)`.

label:str, optional

    
The LaTeX label to be placed inside `\label{}` in the output. This is used
with `\ref{}` in the main `.tex` file.

New in version 1.0.0.

position:str, optional

    
The LaTeX positional argument for tables, to be placed after `\begin{}` in the
output.

New in version 1.2.0.

Returns

    
str or None

    
If buf is None, returns the result as a string. Otherwise returns None.

See also

`Styler.to_latex`

    
Render a DataFrame to LaTeX with conditional formatting.

`DataFrame.to_string`

    
Render a DataFrame to a console-friendly tabular output.

`DataFrame.to_html`

    
Render a DataFrame as an HTML table.

Examples

    
    >>> df = pd.DataFrame(dict(name=['Raphael', 'Donatello'],
    ...                   mask=['red', 'purple'],
    ...                   weapon=['sai', 'bo staff']))
    >>> print(df.to_latex(index=False))  
    \begin{tabular}{lll}
     \toprule
           name &    mask &    weapon \\
     \midrule
        Raphael &     red &       sai \\
      Donatello &  purple &  bo staff \\
    \bottomrule
    \end{tabular}
    
© 2008–2022, AQR Capital Management, LLC, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-
docs/version/1.4.0/reference/api/pandas.Series.to_latex.html

