# pandas.read_parquet

pandas.read_parquet(path, engine='auto', columns=None, storage_options=None,
use_nullable_dtypes=False, **kwargs)[source]

    
Load a parquet object from the file path, returning a DataFrame.

Parameters

    
path:str, path object or file-like object

    
String, path object (implementing `os.PathLike[str]`), or file-like object
implementing a binary `read()` function. The string could be a URL. Valid URL
schemes include http, ftp, s3, gs, and file. For file URLs, a host is
expected. A local file could be: `file://localhost/path/to/table.parquet`. A
file URL can also be a path to a directory that contains multiple partitioned
parquet files. Both pyarrow and fastparquet support paths to directories as
well as file URLs. A directory path could be:
`file://localhost/path/to/tables` or `s3://bucket/partition_dir`.

engine:{‘auto’, ‘pyarrow’, ‘fastparquet’}, default ‘auto’

    
Parquet library to use. If ‘auto’, then the option `io.parquet.engine` is
used. The default `io.parquet.engine` behavior is to try ‘pyarrow’, falling
back to ‘fastparquet’ if ‘pyarrow’ is unavailable.

columns:list, default=None

    
If not None, only these columns will be read from the file.

storage_options:dict, optional

    
Extra options that make sense for a particular storage connection, e.g. host,
port, username, password, etc. For HTTP(S) URLs the key-value pairs are
forwarded to `urllib` as header options. For other URLs (e.g. starting with
“s3://”, and “gcs://”) the key-value pairs are forwarded to `fsspec`. Please
see `fsspec` and `urllib` for more details.

New in version 1.3.0.

use_nullable_dtypes:bool, default False

    
If True, use dtypes that use `pd.NA` as missing value indicator for the
resulting DataFrame. (only applicable for the `pyarrow` engine) As new dtypes
are added that support `pd.NA` in the future, the output with this option will
change to use those dtypes. Note: this is an experimental option, and
behaviour (e.g. additional support dtypes) may change without notice.

New in version 1.2.0.

**kwargs

    
Any additional kwargs are passed to the engine.

Returns

    
DataFrame

© 2008–2022, AQR Capital Management, LLC, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-
docs/version/1.4.0/reference/api/pandas.read_parquet.html

