# pandas.DataFrame.groupby

DataFrame.groupby(by=None, axis=0, level=None, as_index=True, sort=True,
group_keys=True, squeeze=NoDefault.no_default, observed=False,
dropna=True)[source]

    
Group DataFrame using a mapper or by a Series of columns.

A groupby operation involves some combination of splitting the object,
applying a function, and combining the results. This can be used to group
large amounts of data and compute operations on these groups.

Parameters

    
by:mapping, function, label, or list of labels

    
Used to determine the groups for the groupby. If `by` is a function, it’s
called on each value of the object’s index. If a dict or Series is passed, the
Series or dict VALUES will be used to determine the groups (the Series’ values
are first aligned; see `.align()` method). If a list or ndarray of length
equal to the selected axis is passed (see the groupby user guide), the values
are used as-is to determine the groups. A label or list of labels may be
passed to group by the columns in `self`. Notice that a tuple is interpreted
as a (single) key.

axis:{0 or ‘index’, 1 or ‘columns’}, default 0

    
Split along rows (0) or columns (1).

level:int, level name, or sequence of such, default None

    
If the axis is a MultiIndex (hierarchical), group by a particular level or
levels.

as_index:bool, default True

    
For aggregated output, return object with group labels as the index. Only
relevant for DataFrame input. as_index=False is effectively “SQL-style”
grouped output.

sort:bool, default True

    
Sort group keys. Get better performance by turning this off. Note this does
not influence the order of observations within each group. Groupby preserves
the order of rows within each group.

group_keys:bool, default True

    
When calling apply, add group keys to index to identify pieces.

squeeze:bool, default False

    
Reduce the dimensionality of the return type if possible, otherwise return a
consistent type.

Deprecated since version 1.1.0.

observed:bool, default False

    
This only applies if any of the groupers are Categoricals. If True: only show
observed values for categorical groupers. If False: show all values for
categorical groupers.

dropna:bool, default True

    
If True, and if group keys contain NA values, NA values together with
row/column will be dropped. If False, NA values will also be treated as the
key in groups.

New in version 1.1.0.

Returns

    
DataFrameGroupBy

    
Returns a groupby object that contains information about the groups.

See also

`resample`

    
Convenience method for frequency conversion and resampling of time series.

Notes

See the user guide for more detailed usage and examples, including splitting
an object into groups, iterating through groups, selecting a group,
aggregation, and more.

Examples

    
    >>> df = pd.DataFrame({'Animal': ['Falcon', 'Falcon',
    ...                               'Parrot', 'Parrot'],
    ...                    'Max Speed': [380., 370., 24., 26.]})
    >>> df
       Animal  Max Speed
    0  Falcon      380.0
    1  Falcon      370.0
    2  Parrot       24.0
    3  Parrot       26.0
    >>> df.groupby(['Animal']).mean()
            Max Speed
    Animal
    Falcon      375.0
    Parrot       25.0
    
Hierarchical Indexes

We can groupby different levels of a hierarchical index using the level
parameter:

    
    >>> arrays = [['Falcon', 'Falcon', 'Parrot', 'Parrot'],
    ...           ['Captive', 'Wild', 'Captive', 'Wild']]
    >>> index = pd.MultiIndex.from_arrays(arrays, names=('Animal', 'Type'))
    >>> df = pd.DataFrame({'Max Speed': [390., 350., 30., 20.]},
    ...                   index=index)
    >>> df
                    Max Speed
    Animal Type
    Falcon Captive      390.0
           Wild         350.0
    Parrot Captive       30.0
           Wild          20.0
    >>> df.groupby(level=0).mean()
            Max Speed
    Animal
    Falcon      370.0
    Parrot       25.0
    >>> df.groupby(level="Type").mean()
             Max Speed
    Type
    Captive      210.0
    Wild         185.0
    
We can also choose to include NA in group keys or not by setting dropna
parameter, the default setting is True.

    
    >>> l = [[1, 2, 3], [1, None, 4], [2, 1, 3], [1, 2, 2]]
    >>> df = pd.DataFrame(l, columns=["a", "b", "c"])
    
    
    >>> df.groupby(by=["b"]).sum()
        a   c
    b
    1.0 2   3
    2.0 2   5
    
    
    >>> df.groupby(by=["b"], dropna=False).sum()
        a   c
    b
    1.0 2   3
    2.0 2   5
    NaN 1   4
    
    
    >>> l = [["a", 12, 12], [None, 12.3, 33.], ["b", 12.3, 123], ["a", 1, 1]]
    >>> df = pd.DataFrame(l, columns=["a", "b", "c"])
    
    
    >>> df.groupby(by="a").sum()
        b     c
    a
    a   13.0   13.0
    b   12.3  123.0
    
    
    >>> df.groupby(by="a", dropna=False).sum()
        b     c
    a
    a   13.0   13.0
    b   12.3  123.0
    NaN 12.3   33.0
    
© 2008–2022, AQR Capital Management, LLC, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-
docs/version/1.4.0/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.groupby.html

