# pandas.DataFrame.plot

DataFrame.plot(*args, **kwargs)[source]

    
Make plots of Series or DataFrame.

Uses the backend specified by the option `plotting.backend`. By default,
matplotlib is used.

Parameters

    
data:Series or DataFrame

    
The object for which the method is called.

x:label or position, default None

    
Only used if data is a DataFrame.

y:label, position or list of label, positions, default None

    
Allows plotting of one column versus another. Only used if data is a
DataFrame.

kind:str

    
The kind of plot to produce:

  * ‘line’ : line plot (default)
  * ‘bar’ : vertical bar plot
  * ‘barh’ : horizontal bar plot
  * ‘hist’ : histogram
  * ‘box’ : boxplot
  * ‘kde’ : Kernel Density Estimation plot
  * ‘density’ : same as ‘kde’
  * ‘area’ : area plot
  * ‘pie’ : pie plot
  * ‘scatter’ : scatter plot (DataFrame only)
  * ‘hexbin’ : hexbin plot (DataFrame only)

ax:matplotlib axes object, default None

    
An axes of the current figure.

subplots:bool, default False

    
Make separate subplots for each column.

sharex:bool, default True if ax is None else False

    
In case `subplots=True`, share x axis and set some x axis labels to invisible;
defaults to True if ax is None otherwise False if an ax is passed in; Be
aware, that passing in both an ax and `sharex=True` will alter all x axis
labels for all axis in a figure.

sharey:bool, default False

    
In case `subplots=True`, share y axis and set some y axis labels to invisible.

layout:tuple, optional

    
(rows, columns) for the layout of subplots.

figsize:a tuple (width, height) in inches

    
Size of a figure object.

use_index:bool, default True

    
Use index as ticks for x axis.

title:str or list

    
Title to use for the plot. If a string is passed, print the string at the top
of the figure. If a list is passed and subplots is True, print each item in
the list above the corresponding subplot.

grid:bool, default None (matlab style default)

    
Axis grid lines.

legend:bool or {‘reverse’}

    
Place legend on axis subplots.

style:list or dict

    
The matplotlib line style per column.

logx:bool or ‘sym’, default False

    
Use log scaling or symlog scaling on x axis. .. versionchanged:: 0.25.0

logy:bool or ‘sym’ default False

    
Use log scaling or symlog scaling on y axis. .. versionchanged:: 0.25.0

loglog:bool or ‘sym’, default False

    
Use log scaling or symlog scaling on both x and y axes. .. versionchanged::
0.25.0

xticks:sequence

    
Values to use for the xticks.

yticks:sequence

    
Values to use for the yticks.

xlim:2-tuple/list

    
Set the x limits of the current axes.

ylim:2-tuple/list

    
Set the y limits of the current axes.

xlabel:label, optional

    
Name to use for the xlabel on x-axis. Default uses index name as xlabel, or
the x-column name for planar plots.

New in version 1.1.0.

Changed in version 1.2.0: Now applicable to planar plots (scatter, hexbin).

ylabel:label, optional

    
Name to use for the ylabel on y-axis. Default will show no ylabel, or the
y-column name for planar plots.

New in version 1.1.0.

Changed in version 1.2.0: Now applicable to planar plots (scatter, hexbin).

rot:int, default None

    
Rotation for ticks (xticks for vertical, yticks for horizontal plots).

fontsize:int, default None

    
Font size for xticks and yticks.

colormap:str or matplotlib colormap object, default None

    
Colormap to select colors from. If string, load colormap with that name from
matplotlib.

colorbar:bool, optional

    
If True, plot colorbar (only relevant for ‘scatter’ and ‘hexbin’ plots).

position:float

    
Specify relative alignments for bar plot layout. From 0 (left/bottom-end) to 1
(right/top-end). Default is 0.5 (center).

table:bool, Series or DataFrame, default False

    
If True, draw a table using the data in the DataFrame and the data will be
transposed to meet matplotlib’s default layout. If a Series or DataFrame is
passed, use passed data to draw a table.

yerr:DataFrame, Series, array-like, dict and str

    
See Plotting with Error Bars for detail.

xerr:DataFrame, Series, array-like, dict and str

    
Equivalent to yerr.

stacked:bool, default False in line and bar plots, and True in area plot

    
If True, create stacked plot.

sort_columns:bool, default False

    
Sort column names to determine plot ordering.

secondary_y:bool or sequence, default False

    
Whether to plot on the secondary y-axis if a list/tuple, which columns to plot
on secondary y-axis.

mark_right:bool, default True

    
When using a secondary_y axis, automatically mark the column labels with
“(right)” in the legend.

include_bool:bool, default is False

    
If True, boolean values can be plotted.

backend:str, default None

    
Backend to use instead of the backend specified in the option
`plotting.backend`. For instance, ‘matplotlib’. Alternatively, to specify the
`plotting.backend` for the whole session, set `pd.options.plotting.backend`.

New in version 1.0.0.

**kwargs

    
Options to pass to matplotlib plotting method.

Returns

    
`matplotlib.axes.Axes` or numpy.ndarray of them

    
If the backend is not the default matplotlib one, the return value will be the
object returned by the backend.

Notes

  * See matplotlib documentation online for more on this subject
  * If kind = ‘bar’ or ‘barh’, you can specify relative alignments for bar plot layout by position keyword. From 0 (left/bottom-end) to 1 (right/top-end). Default is 0.5 (center)

© 2008–2022, AQR Capital Management, LLC, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-
docs/version/1.4.0/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.plot.html

