# pandas.io.formats.style.Styler.to_html

Styler.to_html(buf=None, *, table_uuid=None, table_attributes=None,
sparse_index=None, sparse_columns=None, bold_headers=False, caption=None,
max_rows=None, max_columns=None, encoding=None, doctype_html=False,
exclude_styles=False, **kwargs)[source]

    
Write Styler to a file, buffer or string in HTML-CSS format.

New in version 1.3.0.

Parameters

    
buf:str, path object, file-like object, or None, default None

    
String, path object (implementing `os.PathLike[str]`), or file-like object
implementing a string `write()` function. If None, the result is returned as a
string.

table_uuid:str, optional

    
Id attribute assigned to the <table> HTML element in the format:

`<table id="T_<table_uuid>" ..>`

If not given uses Styler’s initially assigned value.

table_attributes:str, optional

    
Attributes to assign within the <table> HTML element in the format:

`<table .. <table_attributes> >`

If not given defaults to Styler’s preexisting value.

sparse_index:bool, optional

    
Whether to sparsify the display of a hierarchical index. Setting to False will
display each explicit level element in a hierarchical key for each row.
Defaults to `pandas.options.styler.sparse.index` value.

New in version 1.4.0.

sparse_columns:bool, optional

    
Whether to sparsify the display of a hierarchical index. Setting to False will
display each explicit level element in a hierarchical key for each column.
Defaults to `pandas.options.styler.sparse.columns` value.

New in version 1.4.0.

bold_headers:bool, optional

    
Adds “font-weight: bold;” as a CSS property to table style header cells.

New in version 1.4.0.

caption:str, optional

    
Set, or overwrite, the caption on Styler before rendering.

New in version 1.4.0.

max_rows:int, optional

    
The maximum number of rows that will be rendered. Defaults to
`pandas.options.styler.render.max_rows/max_columns`.

New in version 1.4.0.

max_columns:int, optional

    
The maximum number of columns that will be rendered. Defaults to
`pandas.options.styler.render.max_columns`, which is None.

Rows and columns may be reduced if the number of total elements is large. This
value is set to `pandas.options.styler.render.max_elements`, which is 262144
(18 bit browser rendering).

New in version 1.4.0.

encoding:str, optional

    
Character encoding setting for file output, and HTML meta tags. Defaults to
`pandas.options.styler.render.encoding` value of “utf-8”.

doctype_html:bool, default False

    
Whether to output a fully structured HTML file including all HTML elements, or
just the core `<style>` and `<table>` elements.

exclude_styles:bool, default False

    
Whether to include the `<style>` element and all associated element `class`
and `id` identifiers, or solely the `<table>` element without styling
identifiers.

**kwargs

    
Any additional keyword arguments are passed through to the jinja2
`self.template.render` process. This is useful when you need to provide
additional variables for a custom template.

Returns

    
str or None

    
If buf is None, returns the result as a string. Otherwise returns None.

See also

`DataFrame.to_html`

    
Write a DataFrame to a file, buffer or string in HTML format.

© 2008–2022, AQR Capital Management, LLC, Lambda Foundry, Inc. and PyData
Development Team  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-
docs/version/1.4.0/reference/api/pandas.io.formats.style.Styler.to_html.html

