# torch.utils.cpp_extension

`torch.utils.cpp_extension.CppExtension(name, sources, *args, **kwargs)`
[source]

    
Creates a `setuptools.Extension` for C++.

Convenience method that creates a `setuptools.Extension` with the bare minimum
(but often sufficient) arguments to build a C++ extension.

All arguments are forwarded to the `setuptools.Extension` constructor.

#### Example

    
    >>> from setuptools import setup
    >>> from torch.utils.cpp_extension import BuildExtension, CppExtension
    >>> setup(
    ...     name='extension',
    ...     ext_modules=[
    ...         CppExtension(
    ...             name='extension',
    ...             sources=['extension.cpp'],
    ...             extra_compile_args=['-g']),
    ...     ],
    ...     cmdclass={
    ...         'build_ext': BuildExtension
    ...     })
    
`torch.utils.cpp_extension.CUDAExtension(name, sources, *args, **kwargs)`
[source]

    
Creates a `setuptools.Extension` for CUDA/C++.

Convenience method that creates a `setuptools.Extension` with the bare minimum
(but often sufficient) arguments to build a CUDA/C++ extension. This includes
the CUDA include path, library path and runtime library.

All arguments are forwarded to the `setuptools.Extension` constructor.

#### Example

    
    >>> from setuptools import setup
    >>> from torch.utils.cpp_extension import BuildExtension, CUDAExtension
    >>> setup(
    ...     name='cuda_extension',
    ...     ext_modules=[
    ...         CUDAExtension(
    ...                 name='cuda_extension',
    ...                 sources=['extension.cpp', 'extension_kernel.cu'],
    ...                 extra_compile_args={'cxx': ['-g'],
    ...                                     'nvcc': ['-O2']})
    ...     ],
    ...     cmdclass={
    ...         'build_ext': BuildExtension
    ...     })
    
Compute capabilities:

By default the extension will be compiled to run on all archs of the cards
visible during the building process of the extension, plus PTX. If down the
road a new card is installed the extension may need to be recompiled. If a
visible card has a compute capability (CC) that’s newer than the newest
version for which your nvcc can build fully-compiled binaries, Pytorch will
make nvcc fall back to building kernels with the newest version of PTX your
nvcc does support (see below for details on PTX).

You can override the default behavior using `TORCH_CUDA_ARCH_LIST` to
explicitly specify which CCs you want the extension to support:

TORCH_CUDA_ARCH_LIST=”6.1 8.6” python build_my_extension.py
TORCH_CUDA_ARCH_LIST=”5.2 6.0 6.1 7.0 7.5 8.0 8.6+PTX” python
build_my_extension.py

The +PTX option causes extension kernel binaries to include PTX instructions
for the specified CC. PTX is an intermediate representation that allows
kernels to runtime-compile for any CC >= the specified CC (for example,
8.6+PTX generates PTX that can runtime-compile for any GPU with CC >= 8.6).
This improves your binary’s forward compatibility. However, relying on older
PTX to provide forward compat by runtime-compiling for newer CCs can modestly
reduce performance on those newer CCs. If you know exact CC(s) of the GPUs you
want to target, you’re always better off specifying them individually. For
example, if you want your extension to run on 8.0 and 8.6, “8.0+PTX” would
work functionally because it includes PTX that can runtime-compile for 8.6,
but “8.0 8.6” would be better.

Note that while it’s possible to include all supported archs, the more archs
get included the slower the building process will be, as it will build a
separate kernel image for each arch.

Note that CUDA-11.5 nvcc will hit internal compiler error while parsing
torch/extension.h on Windows. To workaround the issue, move python binding
logic to pure C++ file.

Example use:

    
#include <ATen/ATen.h> at::Tensor SigmoidAlphaBlendForwardCuda(….)

Instead of:

    
#include <torch/extension.h> torch::Tensor SigmoidAlphaBlendForwardCuda(…)

Currently open issue for nvcc bug:
https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/69460 Complete workaround code
example:
https://github.com/facebookresearch/pytorch3d/commit/cb170ac024a949f1f9614ffe6af1c38d972f7d48

Relocatable device code linking:

If you want to reference device symbols across compilation units (across
object files), the object files need to be built with `relocatable device
code` (-rdc=true or -dc). An exception to this rule is “dynamic parallelism”
(nested kernel launches) which is not used a lot anymore. `Relocatable device
code` is less optimized so it needs to be used only on object files that need
it. Using `-dlto` (Device Link Time Optimization) at the device code
compilation step and `dlink` step help reduce the protentional perf
degradation of `-rdc`. Note that it needs to be used at both steps to be
useful.

If you have `rdc` objects you need to have an extra `-dlink` (device linking)
step before the CPU symbol linking step. There is also a case where `-dlink`
is used without `-rdc`: when an extension is linked against a static lib
containing rdc-compiled objects like the [NVSHMEM
library](https://developer.nvidia.com/nvshmem).

Note: Ninja is required to build a CUDA Extension with RDC linking.

#### Example

    
    >>> CUDAExtension(
    ...        name='cuda_extension',
    ...        sources=['extension.cpp', 'extension_kernel.cu'],
    ...        dlink=True,
    ...        dlink_libraries=["dlink_lib"],
    ...        extra_compile_args={'cxx': ['-g'],
    ...                            'nvcc': ['-O2', '-rdc=true']})
    
`torch.utils.cpp_extension.BuildExtension(*args, **kwargs)` [source]

    
A custom `setuptools` build extension .

This `setuptools.build_ext` subclass takes care of passing the minimum
required compiler flags (e.g. `-std=c++17`) as well as mixed C++/CUDA
compilation (and support for CUDA files in general).

When using `BuildExtension`, it is allowed to supply a dictionary for
`extra_compile_args` (rather than the usual list) that maps from languages
(`cxx` or `nvcc`) to a list of additional compiler flags to supply to the
compiler. This makes it possible to supply different flags to the C++ and CUDA
compiler during mixed compilation.

`use_ninja` (bool): If `use_ninja` is `True` (default), then we attempt to
build using the Ninja backend. Ninja greatly speeds up compilation compared to
the standard `setuptools.build_ext`. Fallbacks to the standard distutils
backend if Ninja is not available.

Note

By default, the Ninja backend uses #CPUS + 2 workers to build the extension.
This may use up too many resources on some systems. One can control the number
of workers by setting the `MAX_JOBS` environment variable to a non-negative
number.

`torch.utils.cpp_extension.load(name, sources, extra_cflags=None,
extra_cuda_cflags=None, extra_ldflags=None, extra_include_paths=None,
build_directory=None, verbose=False, with_cuda=None, is_python_module=True,
is_standalone=False, keep_intermediates=True)` [source]

    
Loads a PyTorch C++ extension just-in-time (JIT).

To load an extension, a Ninja build file is emitted, which is used to compile
the given sources into a dynamic library. This library is subsequently loaded
into the current Python process as a module and returned from this function,
ready for use.

By default, the directory to which the build file is emitted and the resulting
library compiled to is `<tmp>/torch_extensions/<name>`, where `<tmp>` is the
temporary folder on the current platform and `<name>` the name of the
extension. This location can be overridden in two ways. First, if the
`TORCH_EXTENSIONS_DIR` environment variable is set, it replaces
`<tmp>/torch_extensions` and all extensions will be compiled into subfolders
of this directory. Second, if the `build_directory` argument to this function
is supplied, it overrides the entire path, i.e. the library will be compiled
into that folder directly.

To compile the sources, the default system compiler (`c++`) is used, which can
be overridden by setting the `CXX` environment variable. To pass additional
arguments to the compilation process, `extra_cflags` or `extra_ldflags` can be
provided. For example, to compile your extension with optimizations, pass
`extra_cflags=['-O3']`. You can also use `extra_cflags` to pass further
include directories.

CUDA support with mixed compilation is provided. Simply pass CUDA source files
(`.cu` or `.cuh`) along with other sources. Such files will be detected and
compiled with nvcc rather than the C++ compiler. This includes passing the
CUDA lib64 directory as a library directory, and linking `cudart`. You can
pass additional flags to nvcc via `extra_cuda_cflags`, just like with
`extra_cflags` for C++. Various heuristics for finding the CUDA install
directory are used, which usually work fine. If not, setting the `CUDA_HOME`
environment variable is the safest option.

Parameters

    
  * name – The name of the extension to build. This MUST be the same as the name of the pybind11 module!
  * sources (Union[str, List[str]]) – A list of relative or absolute paths to C++ source files.
  * extra_cflags – optional list of compiler flags to forward to the build.
  * extra_cuda_cflags – optional list of compiler flags to forward to nvcc when building CUDA sources.
  * extra_ldflags – optional list of linker flags to forward to the build.
  * extra_include_paths – optional list of include directories to forward to the build.
  * build_directory – optional path to use as build workspace.
  * verbose – If `True`, turns on verbose logging of load steps.
  * with_cuda (Optional[bool]) – Determines whether CUDA headers and libraries are added to the build. If set to `None` (default), this value is automatically determined based on the existence of `.cu` or `.cuh` in `sources`. Set it to `True`` to force CUDA headers and libraries to be included.
  * is_python_module – If `True` (default), imports the produced shared library as a Python module. If `False`, behavior depends on `is_standalone`.
  * is_standalone – If `False` (default) loads the constructed extension into the process as a plain dynamic library. If `True`, build a standalone executable.

Returns

    
Returns the loaded PyTorch extension as a Python module.

`If is_python_module is False and is_standalone is False:`

    
Returns nothing. (The shared library is loaded into the process as a side
effect.)

`If is_standalone is True.`

    
Return the path to the executable. (On Windows, TORCH_LIB_PATH is added to the
PATH environment variable as a side effect.)

Return type

    
If `is_python_module` is `True`

#### Example

    
    >>> from torch.utils.cpp_extension import load
    >>> module = load(
    ...     name='extension',
    ...     sources=['extension.cpp', 'extension_kernel.cu'],
    ...     extra_cflags=['-O2'],
    ...     verbose=True)
    
`torch.utils.cpp_extension.load_inline(name, cpp_sources, cuda_sources=None,
functions=None, extra_cflags=None, extra_cuda_cflags=None, extra_ldflags=None,
extra_include_paths=None, build_directory=None, verbose=False, with_cuda=None,
is_python_module=True, with_pytorch_error_handling=True,
keep_intermediates=True, use_pch=False)` [source]

    
Loads a PyTorch C++ extension just-in-time (JIT) from string sources.

This function behaves exactly like `load()`, but takes its sources as strings
rather than filenames. These strings are stored to files in the build
directory, after which the behavior of `load_inline()` is identical to
`load()`.

See the tests for good examples of using this function.

Sources may omit two required parts of a typical non-inline C++ extension: the
necessary header includes, as well as the (pybind11) binding code. More
precisely, strings passed to `cpp_sources` are first concatenated into a
single `.cpp` file. This file is then prepended with `#include
<torch/extension.h>`.

Furthermore, if the `functions` argument is supplied, bindings will be
automatically generated for each function specified. `functions` can either be
a list of function names, or a dictionary mapping from function names to
docstrings. If a list is given, the name of each function is used as its
docstring.

The sources in `cuda_sources` are concatenated into a separate `.cu` file and
prepended with `torch/types.h`, `cuda.h` and `cuda_runtime.h` includes. The
`.cpp` and `.cu` files are compiled separately, but ultimately linked into a
single library. Note that no bindings are generated for functions in
`cuda_sources` per se. To bind to a CUDA kernel, you must create a C++
function that calls it, and either declare or define this C++ function in one
of the `cpp_sources` (and include its name in `functions`).

See `load()` for a description of arguments omitted below.

Parameters

    
  * cpp_sources – A string, or list of strings, containing C++ source code.
  * cuda_sources – A string, or list of strings, containing CUDA source code.
  * functions – A list of function names for which to generate function bindings. If a dictionary is given, it should map function names to docstrings (which are otherwise just the function names).
  * with_cuda – Determines whether CUDA headers and libraries are added to the build. If set to `None` (default), this value is automatically determined based on whether `cuda_sources` is provided. Set it to `True` to force CUDA headers and libraries to be included.
  * with_pytorch_error_handling – Determines whether pytorch error and warning macros are handled by pytorch instead of pybind. To do this, each function `foo` is called via an intermediary `_safe_foo` function. This redirection might cause issues in obscure cases of cpp. This flag should be set to `False` when this redirect causes issues.

#### Example

    
    >>> from torch.utils.cpp_extension import load_inline
    >>> source = """
    at::Tensor sin_add(at::Tensor x, at::Tensor y) {
      return x.sin() + y.sin();
    }
    """
    >>> module = load_inline(name='inline_extension',
    ...                      cpp_sources=[source],
    ...                      functions=['sin_add'])
    
Note

By default, the Ninja backend uses #CPUS + 2 workers to build the extension.
This may use up too many resources on some systems. One can control the number
of workers by setting the `MAX_JOBS` environment variable to a non-negative
number.

`torch.utils.cpp_extension.include_paths(cuda=False)` [source]

    
Get the include paths required to build a C++ or CUDA extension.

Parameters

    
cuda (bool) – If `True`, includes CUDA-specific include paths.

Returns

    
A list of include path strings.

Return type

    
List[str]

`torch.utils.cpp_extension.get_compiler_abi_compatibility_and_version(compiler)`
[source]

    
Determine if the given compiler is ABI-compatible with PyTorch alongside its
version.

Parameters

    
compiler (str) – The compiler executable name to check (e.g. `g++`). Must be
executable in a shell process.

Returns

    
A tuple that contains a boolean that defines if the compiler is (likely) ABI-
incompatible with PyTorch, followed by a `TorchVersion` string that contains
the compiler version separated by dots.

Return type

    
Tuple[bool, TorchVersion]

`torch.utils.cpp_extension.verify_ninja_availability()` [source]

    
Raises `RuntimeError` if ninja build system is not available on the system,
does nothing otherwise.

`torch.utils.cpp_extension.is_ninja_available()` [source]

    
Returns `True` if the ninja build system is available on the system, `False`
otherwise.

© 2024, PyTorch Contributors  
PyTorch has a BSD-style license, as found in the LICENSE file.  
https://pytorch.org/docs/2.1/cpp_extension.html

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider
  *[LIFO]: last-in, first-out
  *[FIFO]: first-in, first-out

