# How to integrate Django with a legacy database

While Django is best suited for developing new applications, it’s quite
possible to integrate it into legacy databases. Django includes a couple of
utilities to automate as much of this process as possible.

This document assumes you know the Django basics, as covered in the tutorial.

Once you’ve got Django set up, you’ll follow this general process to integrate
with an existing database.

## Give Django your database parameters

You’ll need to tell Django what your database connection parameters are, and
what the name of the database is. Do that by editing the `DATABASES` setting
and assigning values to the following keys for the `'default'` connection:

  * `NAME`
  * `ENGINE`
  * `USER`
  * `PASSWORD`
  * `HOST`
  * `PORT`

## Auto-generate the models

Django comes with a utility called `inspectdb` that can create models by
introspecting an existing database. You can view the output by running this
command:

    
    $ python manage.py inspectdb
    
Save this as a file by using standard Unix output redirection:

    
    $ python manage.py inspectdb > models.py
    
This feature is meant as a shortcut, not as definitive model generation. See
the `documentation of inspectdb` for more information.

Once you’ve cleaned up your models, name the file `models.py` and put it in
the Python package that holds your app. Then add the app to your
`INSTALLED_APPS` setting.

By default, `inspectdb` creates unmanaged models. That is, `managed = False`
in the model’s `Meta` class tells Django not to manage each table’s creation,
modification, and deletion:

    
    class Person(models.Model):
        id = models.IntegerField(primary_key=True)
        first_name = models.CharField(max_length=70)
        class Meta:
           managed = False
           db_table = 'CENSUS_PERSONS'
    
If you do want to allow Django to manage the table’s lifecycle, you’ll need to
change the `managed` option above to `True` (or remove it because `True` is
its default value).

## Install the core Django tables

Next, run the `migrate` command to install any extra needed database records
such as admin permissions and content types:

    
    $ python manage.py migrate
    
## Test and tweak

Those are the basic steps – from here you’ll want to tweak the models Django
generated until they work the way you’d like. Try accessing your data via the
Django database API, and try editing objects via Django’s admin site, and edit
the models file accordingly.

© Django Software Foundation and individual contributors  
Licensed under the BSD License.  
https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/howto/legacy-databases/

  *[ISP]: Internet Service Provider

