# Comparison of kernel ridge regression and SVR

Both kernel ridge regression (KRR) and SVR learn a non-linear function by
employing the kernel trick, i.e., they learn a linear function in the space
induced by the respective kernel which corresponds to a non-linear function in
the original space. They differ in the loss functions (ridge versus epsilon-
insensitive loss). In contrast to SVR, fitting a KRR can be done in closed-
form and is typically faster for medium-sized datasets. On the other hand, the
learned model is non-sparse and thus slower than SVR at prediction-time.

This example illustrates both methods on an artificial dataset, which consists
of a sinusoidal target function and strong noise added to every fifth
datapoint. The first figure compares the learned model of KRR and SVR when
both complexity/regularization and bandwidth of the RBF kernel are optimized
using grid-search. The learned functions are very similar; however, fitting
KRR is approx. seven times faster than fitting SVR (both with grid-search).
However, prediction of 100000 target values is more than tree times faster
with SVR since it has learned a sparse model using only approx. 1/3 of the 100
training datapoints as support vectors.

The next figure compares the time for fitting and prediction of KRR and SVR
for different sizes of the training set. Fitting KRR is faster than SVR for
medium- sized training sets (less than 1000 samples); however, for larger
training sets SVR scales better. With regard to prediction time, SVR is faster
than KRR for all sizes of the training set because of the learned sparse
solution. Note that the degree of sparsity and thus the prediction time
depends on the parameters epsilon and C of the SVR.

  * ![SVR versus Kernel Ridge](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAADAFBMVEX////WgAACAgL9AAD/AADW1tYAgAAAAADx8fH39/f29vaPAAAmAAD9/f2/v7+Xl5f//v7ExMRtAABTUlILCwtfX1+tra3q6up/f38fHx8bGxufn58HBwdSUFAPDw//9PSnpqZvb28/Pz/Dw8MFBQX0+fTv7+8XFxcuLi45OTmvr6+Pj4/b29sdHR3k5OTLy8u4BgKsrKze3t5YWFiyAABEREQNDQ3o6Oj09PTR0dH4+fgjIyPg4OABAQD5+vmKiopmZmZiYmLZ2dni4uJ1dXUZGRnV1dWGh4ZNTU0qKiq9vLx4eHgnJyfs7Oz/CQk9PT3T09N7e3vl5eVJSUnJyclPT0/Hx8dycnIUFBTCwsI2NjYAdgDu7u4BZwATExNcXFxqamqampoDewCysrKCgoK7urpsbGy0tLQALwD7+/v/ExONjY2cnJzw8PCpqakABgAAWgD/WVkxMDABbwDPz88Jgwj/r68rAgGkpKT/T0//7e23t7f/wMD/MzKioqIQhw8CHQABJQD/2dkBOgD/GxuUk5MATwD/c3MPdwD/+/sjkCP/IiIREREYjBgSEhIAFQD+0dH/Y2P/KiozMzNNpky4uLj/fn7/iorqBgAARAAwly+r1av/4+L/lZV+fn7m5uZ3uHX0AwA+nz7/oqInawEADQD/Pj2DAACUMwbN5cw6YgH9x8bs9exqtGrfCQCXy5f5AgAOAQDD4MMYcgFbrlv/urrrLSwhAwD/amoTUQiMxYyjz6HMlpYZAQC5ubltSQDTFwPBIAn/RUXV6tWCv4HaR0DDAAA7AACYAgFMAgBXAABbTgLd7t0yVAFfLgDm8uaoAACAPwB2FQjRAgGsKwI1dR+4jIy62rd+n374Dw5xonFakU2Vso44ijS+d3dLWADEqqo8GAqcYDXPZF0/PQCDPDyVZWXXu6bcb2yHWR0XJxcgGAd6jEmkf3rulY45MAApJQCep3askWhPdh5sdCpSFQxyJSS4SkGLklczRjKNdHReaR3xEAliSEjjW1sCAACtcHdQAAAgAElEQVR42uyd3VPaShvAd3LKrNrKxyGoQMoRmmmIShmgfFiU8ikgOGhpQ3U6foyowyhedLxwpjPeced44/RW/pP+be/uJiEgtvW8x9HaPr+LEPKxickvu88u8IgQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADA74byISBKcgNNihF1wYhQQm6MMSdFsndyBDMOkWmiLp7dbnuHszdHTkNMNkboPJ7Sl7pxGG7bb8MBF502TzdcCNmFT2zJDp4h99itmJuC9OnOBGzLwgz61wIKivIlg6PsQcmBgL8jtWSLvowj9AV32JINqUXucZDMNbH7p/snbidg/HPMPLSi9eZnAvJ06rsmHAj4O1He0OfGXZf0xYTzSBPwABe1dbN4jr7kxUmE9qIxQV4m76Zw0O6RUDhSEKXoid5IOh3EyoZTOL+cNgRcSH6kBaJu2iU6p4jyYfy26eS+TOHVSEzKtMkqa8cveOzhGwTMY0VvghVZKFR2qIBvGpJQC9KDGYUCj5AM3ldS6uwaPmG326QL2MET2laT4hqtsQp2hM4WP0zslrhlKqCzsjeDqsmz9YmGuV/ANH9oPih2egI2XS4T8y/g3FluCg4qoMsX2gtP4erV3qGQIevSYuPrdFWKDwtoF+OagEt8eXq3HqACRrjK3mzA4+gvFHiErNRInC8XaUsaXvQSySSZtXJKK/FVqvWqFbuLNdK7KHFRorWlf4MKeEULwLPaNoaA5Q+DTTDmmH9EzAUyPcRLRMBkilWib8l0W7AiBR+SuZyQHxSw1VqxcGt66RGBqNiqEgGXcIUsm8aO/kKBR0mwaP+InaRtRdHNFNrFR0xASvllb6Nd/I1YSKLDPRxqESqLCWLPPG06k67Dk/FBATNCxTzWJ2Bp0cdiRVeJ7ruELUTABmIC0o62BcfR2mKcrpM3rveCMY709JZK6k5hsgutoluio79Q4LGSatDAD52S3sJzPsEEPAua07hu9BcKEfSJVk+nWCNHRKDWooWMhC/2RwZiwKsqFj5kjRjwSDVQ1PZt0hhQdWlS61VktFXJwV5wMLjrUyNRWjpH22oiX5j0j17RWcnRXyjwaGkz10bP65NiRu1oBll8GOptkRdedmh0+BV3goyULiAh2+TSCAm0VUS8GozF3VK1rxfs5mrEQCmq7vtuWMDKoo2tmh+KAd+UhdyPakCjUOAR0mVTBTPvtrkGthkCfjovj+vbmbDlkkaHCc+2vsgQEKHPpOmsUomXsd4b8OJE3zggMzBT0AcWhwS04ePvDcOYcXooBlxlVTaLAY1CgUeIv24xLx8WeBrOoRO8WEWGgOgtNj68kAN4h76ecZHQeugqrdszX+t8WV6jHYXm4tVyp0o7phvNmXXLptxXA9L9aomus2pZPujUc8MCkr5Eftd8um0ZFhDVxbAq4KpQPh7sBZPnxigUeIQcR5K8GNgyaRWZ6oUu4Ggg2esH72CBfSSG1usXoqse0u2JO6o8758l26XyAcF3QmPAyuW5kGysDAhIDJRHJr1O8eJyLXGDgMi9wQtJR/AGAVdp7MciTJssSPneOKCseGhXplcoANwvNnwKFwF4EPaaB8uHUnIUrgTwICjyuSg5unAhAAAAAAAAAAAAflnGc+0R4M+hnRv/tQTMYeDP4hf7eLCNc1At/EHkcPvXEnAEj0Ac8gfxy91vEBAEhBMCQEAABIQTuiusqVFgkJQVBLw3Ugsm4DoLKRDwvsbWs3PtMajzBhhrz2XHQcD7YdQE34QfJmEaBQF/ylh87C4EhO8kf/eqgIA/4MVzDnPPbSAgCPggWPCzp6+fPvvP+SzuXMCtImnB7DH80jl7H9eBHgXP3E1ZbwJBEPC29R/++68nT5789Te23auA8XRAlKJKalPNo1HcTNEsNFJpVd9g/pxcIsvH1a51MjGkhvlScOpPjJq9BsfpD5OFQpMOfHSqQvXs/xCwa6QpnPIPKrW/yZf0LxRY/LGY/EWdT6sZmRQf7/EZgcxsFAS8Jc+fUf+Igc/s9ypgbcO88L54gLxJNlSW9CJ3rNsN+pxahjiUTpNJo6a9GxQwzHtNO6KWLWSsS6j7yEWVIqsTsUMiSOw4PM3v/mzYaFjAPq4JmHbtnfj82k+jdw+y2TWRPSoz/gLdT4kVV7MhQ98V0QQC3q7/wT19ovKUG7tHAV9iLU3qPJtZx6vI7aH3luXZoqM6ngOaERVjH1XDSWacxt55mrUhLRsLJmnWaYuHGFAsWJFMk3V4yWrzBu+RF4zNfNvbnos1Yryz6Yg5kK0muPZJ9RovCc5TvQnORc75S4VVq0ZW2LZ4jNA77mvfX3BOc4e9cq0ycTfWNKm3JcFJMyj5rkDA27WE+LUm4GvaiP1XAa3//BBrb+sW79Xqiw2aQcaxgZiALyNYqzpO6OmspOXuChVwEru7kyisW1vzksmEaNRhhx7y9GyV2H5hdEl1qIiplic/Z3L3C8h7s6f8DhEw9nZubp6fzdo+k8PXy0pQFlQBE8nai7ljZaxR7nbHkMOn7riMadYZ/5Vx/tPiEnlKfLOs5ozjjizVXiD0NrC+8GKaPiI+EPAhasB/nvyQf4zNQ+eCXKG1nYVPoASVwo15HuOStn6Go7Z6ff3dg1fV9+rKJK1kbNj4LXB5m0yitNF+hxVUkYLWoIS7K/haNmpfmRRaKZMiad7MLbr9C240SxP/mrB6lJ3YSl8TXNlSdzwVkX4AVm3zHK2gUTFqZWen4Av3iVfMov2o9ozNOkHAh4gBby8gGt1ryhxp5NrCETriyeVwx+ZMlqQu1TRLBjMoYI/rAiosgQ3z4xWxaSwjcoU8qUIdQmm2/xfrPpr5a0ZskSaYWivyBGyiCxDyqEfZrt0UA14TMDUXrHxcQkHpnXp2Npal1V9BwYvk/je6xY4EAj5EL/jWTbBKJkArIhnJtBlmMeCU3uvYw6nvC3i9Cc58ZuM2ehNMDMm1LLFx8q4o88pNAtLArbo/R0nNiOOGgI0bBRxqgpmNs4scx2HOSWID2ueORMiNPc546JNcLIOAj2Ac8HCTDqngXbyuCzgS07KhT7I86T0BxVD/fvnyQCckwbMs6BZPSu2EqJJq/21H3u9vgpHWBFMBI9pYSRa/pxNVQLfWBOsG9XVCugOdkKgDrawSCpUsshZo1PmZpeVEXzEpYWsLBLwtNjt5iu33/EnIiu9sPnwssWSYyfMk0gVEDb8m0GWnX8DkdveTEQOG+YbpiDo5wZIYHqn/WKetD8Nkz7LvIxdhFK4oC98uLP2dkEZ2mrdoAs4L2yfZXeJn3a8Ea1onJFWt2cIhBf2PvbOLaSO74viVVXYCKxwTxuCPWS92JrFNbFJs2WvwF5g4YAwLxIQYhPgQIcgi8ICsJim7VKoWZVcboaoouw/dxFUbaaW+0lSVKm0f2pd2pT5UylMfKvVl1dd+PPWlc+98eOyYIXbGg8HnPEQO47FH49+ce8+953/OQzrfPSjNAdGQZTwfwMswAe6y0vO+gRndumz55lqw3zPDeNBmT0ti2Mk5VPMeAFhFJKL9XvBg+tBGT8yQ7x3lSz/zAEZYoT7qRbccwLUway5GwUi/w5KFaCtFnJzg7AamGKeJ47dlhwniutQf3E6y5uftxfMcK0PBJ2mDuOg3G6BpF/fdhQzj3RMH+khnkD6cRYOdNsoqRcGo9d4BQxaizSZuxDez2cB6yfrhqIV2c1Hw6g4dxI1S5mxtAKDGpvZWXKt3Tq2P0tuE0r0Ou0Y3o3MUAYBnHECkX1Prk9JxpC2Ag3fbAMAzD2AdTDMPWH5XAEAA8FTvSrMBqEpUAQACgLWZShmmACAAWJOptbIMAAKANfk/tfbWAEAAsBZTLbsAAAQAa4k/VMuvAgABwBpMvQzTKmNs1QGczPoQ6kixt/XUVQ1+Evwt/G6gCra20w4esE4e8LgYu0oAjTgltJ+JIxNFRZN+vM3qoCg2nJaEFXdwpsLC8sjVWMFQjobBlGQc08J/VqdstgBOU7hg9zLu2fLDVQDYJntkyzQikuAJ25iXcS7fkumhWo0pXUlv+J3mTUao8xzw2Bi7BgBX2VWETKnCrXkXzjxwDBUi/cG0+CTZ8F7wkqDLKANwNNg17U8K99C/n28ZtvVxL1LzHlOwr+zwcWbIvQag3EoBlARPxDbnIh1ut0wPFRpazZQAuL8AUXBdouDjP716AOMMTvIjmZ/7+H6QjbLOQ+ENXVncSxhLgzg09PiFqciOcxShQZvsIcgF9zjnj9PkXTOywyYvm5TlA/qoHjeT0mPanh6yekPczLjwNWyEGYdVHILXDpml94geipI9d6LgqTjKRvl8WKKHEl06yjvo4OF1hCIkLxbWATX0r3xG9BVFM8gBTNMkowkDWHDoQjyAeafgOpA9w2FVCF4rtHEAxq4FC4UQMplFkHC26phRdkOZNe6mjnOv3I7i4f7gbmR2VQ6gpb9lODjJAeha90zOTDz1WRk9GmHsiYdOAcAN3fOW/CiatNwtFBASlXGybGthhuoX8mE3hcwrHsDUcktiG3+709q0AKqVYVrlDJPc6ivvKNoVGYAswYUDUEczFIWdn4OlWUonpj7fJsmqNqs8PNgXcpg7KG4ChoYCxY9bwd0y3Y5bub3oRPHw5kSp+NeHMw9zljj3kb3cuMngQX7Yj9JEqyR8i3tZPgRPCAnakuCJtxs05RaaIBM9lARgUJRy7piaF8A67gUrxNjVAnhodpN7YEp5pkd3cGUth9Fz3T8sviGw8jqA0iNG9EjDGekP8SdYYOeZonQLy6ni4RGvZbgrJwcQ5/7fNnIfyc0UZyksSmIXeNZ7hW9hrJXmgJLgibfuxLo7Q/w5r4eSADSxgVEPfkG0yZANo7UHrGYIjoQJgWQOaMRuBw/BsfB94Q1+//EAlg/BcZtAQaiA/BnZ4ba1e053rBzAYT7imKP0WJQ0UgrgQUUAXxuC0QhPI6+HkgBEic0Ai73mRBwAPIU5YFVByAghkADo010XghCrUygzGHfJAXxIlwSwTu7njUlBSDxYTJ5etK2WHk6ILooAyB3IeeM8gBcYYa0kTbRKAoAOYQgOb5ZMrEsETzyAOM9f0EMVAcSPDgdrKzsOAGobY9ewDNMXXtgS9I+dGQHAWFJIXx5gF2UAdlDj3SFpDohGbcI6y3Ka44/tL+AQBT3d9a27FmLFw9b7074ZZlIGoLerZYjuFtZcZpasnvy+FUXYO8UgRM8FIQPcNQTG+rqLc0BJ8DQ70Ydm9/MR/VQYr1gKeih0Mz/myOdR24o+0hHmRl89HQIAtY2xa1mILkwsXOUB7OAGND5feTQruED3RRmAaGiJMklRMDKYnMzUNJk3IlI4hizSbIdZ58qW7HDvQpB2c66oGD33LLCpcXHRz3Btgs1m5rHkiZmSlmG6dtgs597nXAxVjIIlwZOeG4YHHAeMeaiPXKSgh+KvAcX8eN2nVSit1DgAjh7SWSzTOgcAHhtjq74Vt5FSrcGf0SifO2pg3Qe+hgIwY53OZ7yhcwGgZnvB6JpqDf7MIxoDOLuNGgpA8lCQCOw8AFjZzkI2jGYAlt+VRvi9PdQ0/2KQdE8EAJvCGgdAw5hYdsdE5qsAIACoqa2I8xDwgADgKdg9i+9cLMMcv8kHADYwgIaVZAKdAwCVBJ8AYAMDuGLTF3DJ4TMOoGKiFwDYwADymdvWMw6gcqorANjYQQg6+0OwcrI/AAgA1jn+UJY7VQJQIS/xxE5JVVpZY5kKpo24rikAPI3aQycKPl8H8LJSZvaJnZKqi/JytQBYJksCAN8+FG0kD3gx+oALWR5EK4YsJ3ZKiozZ6NQG/8deCnu4ixam8ypOozFlg0Mx3L4tS0SYRGBU7Gz0lMGc3ZtCUiOkwRsWNnyfCJyMpWfpRQ0RAKhSKNpAc8DLUSFkiVZ6Vk7slJQJDPjW5mUA0oH8fNjPvZX2T29kZxCyJ3dvGp8IAqM+vrMR/mTnffzPKpIaIfm9Xb7x7VwXlShslZ41KWmIAEB1QtEGioI7Hwi4PqioTz6pU5KLF/UUAdSNILSrKyDjQQif1B5iH/Lpq0RgJJsD2gMIfcMuyhohrReH4LKzglYYglV1Q/W1atYBT6zQcEKnpFXW/XxADiDOKd3ixmtSuD5PRQYo3ASO6Dv6SgCc1d0i6a5iI6RtXawIYPlZooYIAFRnIlZnUxJ8lgH4RjVqFDoloZGL77H7aC/IvdwWAbxAzUsA5osoXS2NgsObbcH+YiOkNTmAZWdJGiIAUJ1QtP6RyJvuBb/Rk6LQKQlb2oV2o9yAO0OG4FtcgEGG4DbZEGwRBEbyzkamw21ba7ERki/KD8EduINR2VnY/GMA4FnxgG9wq99wDnhipyT7U9/1BT+apO2eh0kxCJngg5Cbu860GIQsCijxnY2IJSgX/lypEZLR2+vTb6O+qLU7VHqWpCECAM/EHLAqAJWj4BM7Jd0LM9llzmX1hpmxVX4ZJsl0LuJlmOdL9PAgbl4kLqhgAPnORkJgza/xiI2QWu8k2TB37K4zaiw9S9IQAYBnIQquDkDldcCqTZrjGW+jM2SwDnh6AKpbowYAbBQA61l7SF0AVd0zBAAbBsDT2guuAUAwyIYBAAFAABAABAABQAAQAAQAAUAAEAAEAAFAALAhANS+gzkACABWBvBUJEMA4PkGMKfv0ecAQADwlADsslAUZTkm3TO0TDs3OQD3Dmmn/wMkSIZ23baDjAcABABVALAriqGKRisTuGJZHxij7ej+rm/OnUGCZKi/K5Efc7UDgADgWwOYs/AFSaLeSqNwCKf9TTL8EDxLhWRDcLdYyRMABADfAkA9JZq+wrt5bcaOHeXHvDRN3RQA9PjNQZraAAABwLcGsEcCsEcBwFDWP9/yDZUXAEwFxlumiWASAAQA6+kByRC8SNuvUyMI7XEAEsnQJFYnXQYAAUBV5oBRhTkgGvKOT3NBSDd7w7c2wQFIJEPtS8ue8QUAEABUJwqOKkTBeBkm7rCjHjPjXsPdE4hkaD3FuPQAIACoBoD8OqC3CzWzNT2A2mXv17ITAgCecwC1rOQG2TAAYLlpquAEAAHAcv+nqYYdAAQAy0zbKh4AIABYFn9oW8eotSUEvL1moSYGUONKbu0Jz1ZbK5jc2rY8iXbwgBpVcotFWsDKLRJDTQug5pXcDDHweWUWM6AmBrBhK7k1n8E6IBgAeAoX1KCV3ADA5rmghqzkBgDCBYEBgGAAIFwQGADYsAbpfADgaZpiYQMwALDe/CkWNgADAOs8/ioWNgADAOtsyrJeMACwzqZc2AAMAAQPCACeRwA/++onH/3gl8++/OLdr7++dOnSn//03x+/bwCCAMB6m+Grl89+++jjT75XwT786aPHz17+EDgCAOtii9/96x///P23f//Vixcvjo4+PTo6evHq1b//879v//LXd7//m88/FDn85NEXL98HmABA1Sz3h5/9/G+vPn1HyX70i1//8XffPXv86HOewo8ff/QZAHXmfu//s3ctQFFdZ3hnOZ5LTdCrIFWGBGHC2MRkJtLqqHGpUZIoNZuhtIHIQNod68A2w0PcRbZQEAjgMhseRUDAiqi8XxJEBR8o4AsVxAca0TaxtqYxNsl0+p7ZnnPvPmWFhd29e+/de2ZkZkXgX+7n97++/z8fbHjLbOWO0w3y6O9trVToQJZ/8MqVuwPtVeO3x8f9/11YmBk+XtX+2c3cxGiZ7l8oalt7G9P2JlEeWp50QHDHHAPgb8K82QPAuMae0gwaeU1DX37x+Umq4OxNtd6IBJ2IWqemTrhdNdClQ2pGaU9j1oEkOQZh6gHBGXPM47EEgJfbafDlN52+MYhiOkPHI4Ze56cfIzGbJ8F8WaugQfjZ3BNlJTgzSUoTsmMBgNPzu501lRT4/tDQl1OsVGHBSxhhdgyDdIcnTNQZiDP6+O2iMhwSFpQLrpiDAFzt7u6+nnmDPDpbNRg+Tdf63ErKikisttriQzx1DKPE2v0TZopJUrQsMzuaIsLWsRODKD2WFmcJ6OIaABdST5pZg0gafflDNypAejkFGu8J4MPHuEyhwsJWBcpfJ8TmRqHvFZWbOdqNo0HBEwsMOMUZ7lHjTHboTAcoKKum/45WWxHTYUBjf06yk8JgcvbXqbgyc0SAoBADPjvnrSrF6PvvjQ4gP9ZMikgjl5kcCUEnIZPEgCJThQLGIK7R1I4XI09cJ0CQ5QBcuX078evta5g3qGUAu96bDYjPzip3TeQy/XnNm94pbjkLtvxVCbGJ6Htrah4hCHb/OSyUEeEgN+dMnQ5A+sktYNqgxi4FShj+3geAPC8reOnWpcEWuAydMDz7oQsKzeuA5lsV9FcvGCB46C7Gd+kXHQCMHI1xvHiayZ3DfHPBjBvkUVWLwHEPgyP9ibsoRIwQIw6xwGV60TNKi0NDF76nW6ZgcauC7uoF49fOiaN+SvTVDtBRf9jfwUNMnN014oIADO5FiYfi7iDyo90PtYT4DR1iQiZw2dNjHwYnZ8nb0VcvLDO7hKb/OIoGk6/uBxWXHDvExN1tSy4HwMAe5BozHncDID32tY426CMONuUyYto3edCzmmaX0MwhErJRUhw1VAHOpUjiHTfMyfS+OQGAtsBP8y8MvzKVkTbos9SUy3y2zBAtppfQ4HhSEhsNoex0hdtzhx02zMn0xk0BgDbAT/1dAco8ylSmtEEDcKs5l824umP8al08uZOGYNtF/MIRCGR457AAwJnFfu0Yft+mI/iV+5nThjkD2u8Yaoo6CI4gEvRygBcWGJD9Bnng1EP9bR12vn5UzdmUNkxjQHseb0NSjCGYf63tEkGcEmJAFwRgZyWK/cZTEfzyVBNpwzQLtjMCY8wg+GnDyMkPHbBZRsiC2W1QfynKfAfypAAUV1uiDdM6oL29cGiYpx6CsckQHmz4B/bLkXYuDAp1QBYb1NIKIWx9IgfgbJFl2thq0glxBA3qQ0EJLso0jR6mXqzwtGeLjqs7hzkLQKs7n3HtGRCW/gXlHgVK0km0gZzuKTHdotsjg3AoRQdIu7bohF4wgwZZ3/nEwV/lWDFOfXc5lTZCdKA7dBxlI38S6165/IYtbgLQauoa7kLBX/te5H2LVc6mDbrlvIEgMg+ibGQnDUCfOAGA3DPI2pwvrkeBgr/mOgDS01jgnyjRDVWb/tunEB4/JOyX4SoArax6NSLvW9uZB4D0UbiWLVolWutwdEgGZdkSYcMWJwFoXd0/sAZ73yMFAAxuIwjt+fksqVHQagXtaBOE0ZkCA3IRgFZ1PsfUEHatR8lHwX0qYEwhLrCkSqsrylxsyIcw969CDMhLBsTJh3pMmQPAsV8ZAsZzLOlTxc3xX4Hd8OunIVT0kgIAeRcDkr0ZENZUJyH6S1vmq//HKZfY06mP2+KF3PBzZ1A+XDosAJBnWfBwKYSVjUo5AHl+IabzlCMs0irFhYaFhSrvXJOhQNVDACDHDJqsDkhWIfobUKHor+QE1YY1Boz1rNMqZZX0oWSk9rIAQI4Z9OwWRgtFf804+Y18eqKchVolvyS3BhlU9HgIAOSYQc9oYVRpEP3NLgMg5z4hNt8qlPI8G7VK5F7Q5sokyCs1DBnYhemvKB2ApD96GYR4hskPdmqVmnPcGhRQ0U4KAOS6QZ1qlPyuLpcC+X0fPf8ZJ8q3sVWrpKoDbTcN6bCLXYTIIwAGD0Co7lSdBeDsfyasFtKGh7L3IezKA25fKmAGrgny7SLEqdQe/AFgfyWEXS1pOUD6YOJ6tV+wXCqnlIK+e4gEW/RDJFv4QYJTy+b4AkCyHTFI1S6UfZQ8nAC/yHi2PygyqwR0PIZQE6u3mRckaIVsjicAxMWX2uHqOgDOHCYSzOHnz4mQyi8VgAeIxPforbfmNliWi6Ctkc3xA4CdGlxKOyIH0oemyYfjht0cQYLlAKSjXCS60NrbYFm/EMsa2RwfAOiBs49GFMmD9FuElmve13jQf6D930RBWbZ1dyGyfhDOKtkc9wFIttSi7CMwKx2AY34vctH7Gk51OnJXiRAm0mLpHZMWZNg/CmyVbI77ABzTYE3TASmQK5/aU8q9ON6vGICRbBmMoiZGIid9D+xfhuASDOhRA2FlP35wddVPbTflZCXjQQe4/lU0ykUkllcUTu/pCjGgowE4jNxva2BWCQBleOhyDpfpjz63KsD+i3umzkW4sBCL/1nwWAbMqKLc7wkqXDJuuPfkbCG3uhuA+p0oF4mdNBfhxEIsntcBcfZbedkvCYDuz3Wcp7/j4+ci7h6czncvVkOYS5cEF3M1BhRZM/nPYQDi4nPraqz8e6A1hEtUK/XFeBGXD6mUgpwTBjeMGdBCxZkjC7H42wtuVOPstxygZ/WJSbjEBzEJWVQApKO0G8ZvClectRvmTd+/ceBwFYC496vuV6UCt+6vTK5GEPHkoDcGLhxKxG7Y24C0kGn7NwGAjjIIK09LKenLPwmxsfm2mC8ApBpz109mQ6jpN/rakOn6NwGA+Kwhqd/oGjsahKVXPVj6UnDLrPTMnzUDJHlEDu7cH9dAxU3jHs15It4dBgAopspU74rtZ1BVBtR0YulLsSrSwr1GPDnV6QCU40zriv56TmKDAMAZHMn3KR70spdBuPlRO6yUA+kB83u1JDxbtof7O6kq9G4P9ul3qS8WADjdExEhXhsREeG/+WU7GYS1BzV+WPqSZd57e413yx7JvQCUFGXmw/wb9FwpDxdaOhyAAQGSlwMCApavXWcfg3D1pQpLX/LMe28rQvk4ydOM0qyHR5sgPN0B3FJSCCJyB88mlhhwwQvc7WhQL66+0NIXnNsYe2/LRLw8KhTp1s+/BmFT23ziJH/E+syWYV7dPVt3HbmNBsWhgKh0XxItfaGOvvcWwk/8kSRuzL1+/opd4HkAABEeSURBVGo+jNp5no+xLgMAfHe5RBwkejPCdoOo8O9Ijk76okOgD8d0z9M+iO/bzh8ylWjxKdtnAIAfhq/3ChKd2mizQVT4hwihoNmMFXk/yF1UAtzqJXsMSmlerVVlAIBLtosQAINsLsPg8A9f91HsJ3Kxg+sx507GymBUJt86PkwA0GsdBuDPPrHNoLhWFP49obIPFzzIDVdcLERumB5YCuUP6zMAwPAwBEAPT0+bDKLCvzp82dZsVwSgCBeeBpfkIjecQEhieBT3MgDAtyPDX/LcuORVWwxq1MCM76RA2qAltD9wxcXyVDbc/Txyw8mFXJt4dnoZZt/vw8PD9tlkUBdUD6IHcJTWJS13RQSKcPNxtDDZODfMtalTpwHQDgYFPv4fkD7S6nVJP3RJN4zlF90f3zNo9XlRlGYAgKvos261DQbh2nOWyf2+wS6JQBKvPlTeNY7MoRMvAHCqIxGLJeiP2HfB92ZsUJp078ogrfGG8x87+dfmLCVoUQnKRTJNRuYI8TIBgFOcVzZ9tGrVRxvjd/hEzNyg0BfEBHH+nH4S9k2n/tKcuBUIy4DaUhKNbRGuC2QYAODm3fjj7s2iV96YsUH6sYgLbGBA504DpeUAt3o8Mqdvi3C7MccAAH1n4Y+zfEVBvpY+/fEi3999MIVBxrGIc86PAZ09D6lCAfH1b6J0C2S43phjAIDbFiC4BC/YJpq3yMJn41/65Sx/rzWTG/SC8bot52fBzp8IV94BbqNYncCDxhwDAJwXE7l8+ZKY90W/teQ4N69FHzb9ZFKDTNZQaEecXQdkw04MigSP69UJAgNOcVbOjfCf+4wfEyzGMbT/e5MaZLqIx+mdEDZsBaKq0m5XZTA5k+viLMcDMHjR25N89qdUIPXOJurFand39/WTM6A4yNm9YJZsBcIk+COqLSJkwVOct2ZNCsD30cctNAAXUiGNOxvDLhYagyLB/VcgvPd/9s49KKrrjuM7u9dziCDiCwUfYGpHLSFWq+Coa6KQoSEOE7SZqMxaQ0zK0sjDVRDEykseEsPDBDARgYBKxRgVmWDFCNr6arR1dKyxk2pmHKeTTqd/dfpXS+8597KAwgLr3r337n4/fzAu6p0znA+/c37nnvM7P4aAjomZ4mCMGDAEDxUBXZd4umIBWTNVgbIrBVMLIfsuQ0CHvBXx2pKZIoP/7cbN4pfX3ximQa5ZenPRArJ2qgLlVAndbWTHeQjoiCkyg/9typwPhl+GcU0hHpeJo52qQKXVcbUPWZU6/kmPpxPU3w2zN2jOsAvRLhk9XTl0aqcqUP5R021Wp9Og02vmPOq2TH0kD65ekmlK7i4hez6zn1ANhIBPsXDSxm0iKjdIF0WVnRqGsyvZldcNvWf0N1kh4ADCJm+e8+qSWfEqN0gPZeWdjIGG1t0X++1O2AIBB7AmlJ2KO7wZEVDBKFh3t4SUyIc2J28OWwkB+5ixwrB+u2H1R2o3yEPngDLZ/2km5HHvTXnGaAhoJ2iB4cB4w9cfqt0gnZSVd5Zx3z8k5Ph1vR2Zc4OAq6YZxs9YMmuV6g3yjLLyQ7KF/iuRtLVkyjFwJQSUWST+KFLeD1utfoM8oqz8kFg30fI2Qm5fk6q4hUFAGdfXiH6OTCTSgwsrBJppapE4DHdNZFPBzfp4LeKOU3FcQNfViAZDGhhMaVICKbl78galEfp4LaK/GtHAwSjs/xsjqyR48dSVqzqpZam7GtHAMdGUVRJs7hIWZ+qilqXeakR7LSOevUYbKbtlrsVk4tlIvMYngl60GUHPjGYn48qw92P2EXKzVmg8dlrzE0EIqIe4N+oVzNiCRGJrEYRanhAvhIAQ8Hni3ujf4ViDc20k8dwdQWAJsTEFAkLA0WOPe068xQ40syVBy79rBeHOdS3vEYSA2o1/9rjX48Q+nsBgnosUHGsUhCtXR5YMq7FMDwE1iz3ufeXUTkarfzy78TrttO8p8T92ujbRgYBekH/Y9y8eo87tZLQGUzEXSci7cM0kmNIfDfNmTqWtGhBQq/Tfwe3kTsZAStnVDkWpfn8WhFPXLjgqrK/WZjUIqP0I6NvjrBwLjfy9SELepsyfCmxZMHr4Ad/N23UhoPbngH6TnB4eUyiluTZ+uwgrL9t4LHR43d17YAEC6iALnuD8Tka2QSb1HCG2PEqv3xGE2rrSYQf8SAgInkkLnF0i4dUS7tukux1unBSEwkEVRASEgM/ish3c/qkHpSDYM/FbQShrKsUcEAKOLBNxzdKwdT2fCRYdofS9mmRBqMoIQBYMAd2ImIywIJiQFG41hNR8O5iCWAeEgAoSzdJhCyHffSPmJafZ+7nd7QEKDfgQEDzLwvWUmsV0eMdfWQ0jruDRHGUGfAgIhkqHL39OiIVX8LhwLU4QLrWivyGgWxn3IKH3ts1HHWLSkVWB/oaA7iT0SBFLRvj9Nocq1VcQAnoZ/lIyYinn99vkp4sKpuejvyGg26aCwWZqLkgk5NwJ/rkiS10FIaC3EWgW02A2Du/50qoBBSGg9xnIavmG3/+UkH1/MfRTsAL9DQHdMwrzskXWL/cT8vFl6XNnllrpCAT0Xk407CDkiz/xiBjxRCUFIaA3883HhOw4mCpVlr6XroaCENC7OSNOBRMKJAUDK5iCl3ICICBwG/55FkJsSewFcbBVWhc8mhEAAYGbCKXmJJusoL/BMLa1Mk4QqppKISBwTwQUQ19qQQJXMJSfTf/v/0QFy+pCICBwA9b11K7gd2ZpT+petms6ufoQBATKs1C61kFSsKVR2pUfUlfmprVpCOj1RMtX26SeExUsuV0rnUsqbdrN85FSCAgUJiWCX7IZajzW0kxI4sWTvsaxbDZ4tdskTgZrsiEgUHgeGBsfH2tlZ9NNd48TQm7mxUgnlC78QZwMxqUruTIIAYGMdDbd1P1QVND2uFa4cqOH0vl/ZyNxlXJhEAKCXnrPpnedSxRH4pvlmTwl3tbJVgbjshSaDUJA0Evf2fTUW+JkkBxvqWUf6N6QOhYGkztaAyAgUJDes+mv0MWm73kY/OPdU5l+NMZgqCguFB0sK3a5gxAQ9CGfTRdng409vrUsJyZtj3O/4jXOS9vTxaFYKOxod2osLm3vqICAYNhMhJ9Nn+lXy8u1dV0sYQ4e/EHavB+SwR2My6rLH10gPNSULqbTxRAQjHg2KFfmP3X3pjgUk/0NZ7iD1ti/sZUZMRCm11WMLBJmZxSzGaSQXJkDAcGIZ4One8u1ZV6/lcYc3HP2sxNs87Qx+F7NJRYIhbhLxU0OLczOqaus4k/ZXd1aijkgGMVs8EV7SnzFj6beP7tHdJBYCnLN/A7YkPZqSUJBqMrqqMlozc/uG5QDsvNbm2o6LpXJ/6Cy6aWxSELAKAnjKXEmvTaR0nCrwXqmYR9zMDGtIJdde2P139lZ13FUtpCPsYVlVVVlZYXJfd8qzKrOyHZ8/wgEBEMFwW2U9lyd6EepfO21/5GkogQu4acND36Q7uEMONReV5y+u6yfiGxwLjuaXt2Uk80O3M12XHdQ7f7eMn/GLAioUWLX8W0y4fJNc6HsQ3lBGpeQ2NIOJpXb7+G0xt77573OnPaczidPHrG9rPzsJz9w57jyqtr9ffjXb0NADa/KrP2k74Ilf3nfFi1/kGbhEoqx8Ozvz//2hHTYXQyJ0Zv4xppA6Rv8wzC1p9Xv7+kQUCewsjIMc3gspam5BUWWRElDssOSVnQwKS+3/Ij0L2i0uVdWds2YqfFkV/etpDMQEDwXvKwMy4JDZbnMRx787ovP95N+JNhsFkuaHYulublN9rRB8wIu8/HxiYKAGjYwWJoS2gdjXuPN8El5blJBUZrFlkCGILGtuTntvGYEnNbb/AUDBZS+DwE1PArzsjL9BmOrPTuR9/WXl+fm5iXZycv7R3fXyUaTtuaAU8fIvIAIqPPBeGB2MijazoIxB9T3YCxnJ09LZ+z/QdPrgCu2b5m8fftSCOja1RPl71uQB+PegPiUgNFShOQLMXM3Orp/RO3+ntI3lYWALsLxuy/lAqIYEgeuA4YHSpo6+n3AqziPQ5U7t6z+O8N2srKX/IDd0xFST/0NAZ83/ql066Cn9DcEfE7UuncVAgKef6h18zQEBIxIfpiDsZhGQkAIiAgIATEHhIAQEFkwBPQSVFkHhIDAjlzfwAABIaBamUjkWL00FQIC9DcEhIBoEEB/Q0AIiAYBCAggIBoEICCAgGgQgIAAAkJAAAEBBISAAAICCAgBAQQEEBACagMdbUGFgJ6HCuWIICCwo69jSBDQ4+Kfvg5iQkBPQ2dH0SGgp+UfOivGAQE9DL2VI4KAiIDobwiIOSAERBaM/oaArgDrgBBQXXRVjggCemQmgnfBEBBAQAABISCAgAACQkAAAQEEhIAAAgIICAEBBAQQEAICCAjQ3xAQQECA/oaAEBANAuhvCAgB0SAAASEgBESDAAQEEFB5Fq0KmrH88EoICAHVYdeUrxe9O/dtCAgBVeSVIAgIAVUk/oD8h2U+Pj5REBACupeXIt6R/zSNMiAgBFQYSTSRBeKHtctXGRABIaA7mTpG5gXRvzW/HKe1OQHwniH45eU/sxogIARUibXLl7xcX18PASGgOkyX5oIQEAKiQQD9DQEhIBoEICCAgGgQgIAAAkJAAAEBBISAAAICCAgBAQQEemHYK8QgIFCOH800UuPMCRAQqMJIrpGFgECx+DeSi7QhIFCKmX7MP9FAv0kQELg//zD6ChK+xrEQELibSLpYFnAxjYSAABEQAmIOCAEBsmAI6CVgHRCoy4RJRmqchDchQL1MBO+CgaaBgAD9DQEhIBoE0N8QEAKiQQACAgiIBgEICCCg29lKo3yA9xBFt2pLwCgKvIsobQk4Lmrr4L8oUYr9CuLJKj55a9Q4L58q4Ml6fzIExJMhIJ4MARVl2bRleDKeDAAAAAAAAADewd6gGQc2KPHgDT9/jf5EiQfHHJi8/q3Vivwwxs+LiJi/S6kfdQydrcBTp7GXbnN161/KnHfGzJ68QoEn74oPVEbAddPf3L4ufKkSj373V6tXx895U5kf9S+C5iki4Ov19fVTdSvgxlfFL2veUObhygjImEo3KPYj+fADRR67dPl7Lyoi4Dw9D8D/b+eOepOGwjCOnzRZjpqMzFggZYTQ2dhhOpeVMIuROVEQ2IjoDDJjhGTgQpi7ML0j2Z233uwD8E38bBaYyW69eDGN/9/FuTxp3jycl9P29MBIRaP9Nm4B9LTQMqXGeacuMnHSVjIBNGtW0Y9rAN8vvm7z5jhmAdxoCP1kyqaROxeZOd+8KxPA6V55tOW2YxvAbjQO4xbAgSX0qtuBt3vUk1gBX7mhkgngor27E1rwCgP4NSPZckqHApM+1oZh6IoxjtE1r2YTMoiGZqw2IRuDWlWyJKWkwKR3OpHrvtA/12eZYVwDeOlcCN2GCcJQT0KBmQe5xGw2uydRjaNTv/zOGEkVW6QFf0z43cb+87gGUP2wHJkb0YnFsQSB1WR53mFT4ppfWk6vJJY/mQAWa07tQV0BAAAAAAAAAFZO7NE/8JcBTOhH1AMEEP+JoG+6kyiAV9emW3yq/OVT6Wkh9/PEozoQN8iMyg3TVhdTv1s4UeOUrs6+qb1UNWxsr1MeSC+AzqVS7eyyBX/Qwa0WnBY7TAL8Eer563HfbRU2dkxT128C6BWtfVOfUx+sKIBBr3i69kuHNwFsllprHbmTesDtFvzZtHfnn+m+igJ4X7ejnjw/S/yQAELe4U6rE21C0s5r/+w4CuCTymY6WP/S91qfCCBWsAT2TffFlq3yVrZwFgVQDd1KUo2a2e0EAQQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPg3fgOtO1iLn6tt6gAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)
  * ![Execution Time](data:image/png;base64,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)
  * ![Learning curves](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAoAAAAHgCAMAAAACDyzWAAAACXBIWXMAAA9hAAAPYQGoP6dpAAAAOXRFWHRTb2Z0d2FyZQBNYXRwbG90bGliIHZlcnNpb24zLjMuMiwgaHR0cHM6Ly9tYXRwbG90bGliLm9yZy8vihELAAABlVBMVEX////+/v4NDQ38/fz/AAD4+PjW1tbx8fEAAAAAgAA/Pz///PwHBwf6+/ocjhyt1q0YGBj/HBwfHx9/f3//ra2/37//wMD1+vXk5OQDAwMmJiYEggT/9vbg4ODc3Nxvb2+JiYno6OhOTk5gYGDT09Om0qaurq4SEhIxMTE4ODj/pqb//v7Kysqfn5/AwMDPz895eXlGRkY4nDiPj48tLS3c7dwKhQpYWFgtli0RiBFUqlTl8uVqtWpqamr/y8urq6tfr1//Bgb/19f/4uJ9vn3FxcVkZGT/FBRDokO2trZdXV2Gw4b/MjL/DAynp6eFhYXs9uzx+PHN5s3/YWGUlJR0uXT/T0//KCj/dXW7u7skkiQYjBiWy5aez55LpkuYmJhSUlL/RET/nZ3t7e2ioqL/6en/iIjw8PD/fn7G48b/amr09PSPx4+xsbG02bSdnZ3/VlZycnL/OzvU6tS53Ln/8vL/tLT/jo7/lpb/ISH/u7v/7u6bm5slcANaVwTlDQC/IACtKQDFmn2mLACDXR+Zt4T//g2UVckMAAAgAElEQVR42uyd0W/aVhuHD6YQm5qUQrNiV5AQ0hh/I4QM2rTbInbRRKOToK2yi6ztEgkkNNE0itbuij/+8zEEaJumIWEcvDzPheO4DvyEH/n1cc15hQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAC4gWzoxUl2j8X4yEChgNEoHxnMVsBQ9/rvEo/zScM3BMxuO6a9761ETqua4x7LbfrOoW0dbuilHcc5Sg9KcEZfqSQ1d1fu0LNNu5FPDl+u4WpatSdEMn9WsEt6+zShb+o9uaGuH4+9Ubhpm1q1wkFAQFlctWr74NRKCdHJt0v1U6stBUxUG6W1DT25fNBzYkMBk1vHx1WnI8ShflRv2MmhgCn9qHZQSX0qYOLouN4quHLDdiI+9kZNK3VQl3sDAoqt5IK33DFb/m/h+F5BCqi1/H12vOWKnjsTsBoWoqg3RDghtcpYZwJmreeDtXEB/XHLvu5dPbbM0/E3Wi3w+SPgQMCItRz3qOt1IWqupuu6KQU86u9T98tn8UzAsvwDfUVEdb9+xs4EPNR3zxHQ36dllqWFa+NvlNJ36gscAgSUpPUBbbGuH63vFvO6fw042qekl4bXgP71YUrs6m2/sJ4J2NQz5whY87ccJcLCdT95o3iloFuxIgcBAYXoWvmiT0scJUPehueXEPDrZ0B7Wy6rYwJ6p7yofvjJG3l0arbT5SggoHdpVo0MNh3Z3iKnXULAz68BM8NrwK2qHNdYYwKGE9unZueTN/Kp6NxavNkCrtQk3ajjbpSOK54yJ/rOwYZtX0LA80bB6wf73j+0vdc4sRNjAoqy6finxdEbrZZrpXYyyT3Cmy1gn4zI5BOW4zbleDdp2r3UZQT07wOejI1m266pFTaECHmvUSiNXwOKrK4f9M+TZ29UcR0zuZfhIMC16Dh7fAighNzOeqldMNf4JEAJrdWEpW1xIwUAAAAAAOCmEU53FuDm0EmH50vA4UMecENIz5eAHT3NaeEGkdY78yXggs6jlTeJuTveCIiABAIEBAQkEHxCKB6ZGvEQAsJkRDLRKZKJICBMQjia7XSndQLsLmSjYQSESU6A0al+7a4bjSAgTCRg5F94uYAIGF56uBTGAQRUJOCdRcMwFu8gAQIqEfCO0QcD50zA29/977vbX9s/t5c0E1slp+n/1nQi8puridW14AkYXhwIuEgVnisB7929devW3Xtf2T/mljLFZn3Z9u/42ctiQ8uli7FkJHACLhlnLKHBHAl471af8w3syO/fe6z5P0v6miegt3KsrwVOwIdDAR+igWIBv/844u5AwLujTd+Pdo9ry31hXTnBV94VvoCd7bMpbDgDwhUE/HjrQj6O7V9zTLe8KcSh1hVd7VDOTKKZur7KNSDMREAROUi51obomD3RMxfkGTAbPbTTjILhGteAo3L7z1C7f84rwX32kkI8d4Urp5vzrwFTsQAKyH3AeRyE3B5eA97++h9VHDkAOfYHIr6AC9p6AAUU4aVF4w0OBGkU3Iq1N7O1hByB2I6cqrMvoDithgIooBC/Gb/iwHwJePF9wEi5oJl2WT7A0NSbIwEzViOQAj4yjBdIMF8CXvw/IZd7ueA8DfMDNXjuBJzCywVGwNA7ajACqjwD/mQYP2EBAioT0KvB77AAAdUJ+M74AQsQUJ2AXg1+hAYIqExA8avxGxogoDoB3xhP0AAB1Qn44gE1GAEVCkgNRkC1Ar6lBs+XgBd9WzYvnzytmSsp+VWkbdnILqbrVrIcCbCALx8YfyPC/Ah44VNyUsCe2ROpai5dqsp2tLG9XKamlQMsoPjTeIYIcyPgxc8JewKumDXhCej9si+PamzZWzsqBFnAh8YfIUxQKWDo/pCXw29KvBxuC40LWNZkW1kpYC5mdfsCbvqtuQMr4MvHxitMUCngfeNC7o8JaPbbGqcs+VUkefKLyTWrFmQBxY/G75gQEAELSVceypSdXWsW5HOpsXx2c3tPBFrAO8YiNXhOSvD7oXbvzy/BGd9A/xowL7+UJEtw3O4FWsD7j42/UGE+BiHf+LasNwhJ256BvoBZa3MwCNlIdIMsoPjF+BkVgjIKlgZ2fAHF0epAwEhiJcgCht4br6nBcyLgt+8DSgOXfQF39WJfQNF0ukE+A8afMj/H3Ah4rXlDAyogNXieBJzCywVOwA/Ga2aIQcArsZ80C/0548T6lqO5dblS0MxqewIBvRr8ARkQ8Ao0rF50Wcv468srxWxZDs1L69FsxapfXkDxs/ELMiDgFXB3vIVdHm2opgYrhfIEAi4ZT+PYgICTv6Elp0Vajo2GUMl9/2fowDwY7OI3MP5GoPBr4z02KBEw2I1q0vqut2zaww0rTs5bdjTLPBlsSfkt3L8ViBqshnC0Nc2Xa826VdfnAjb6571wdnNFK01wBhR/GY/vo4MC0tHW9HrFtaJpMVsBPyvBDXM08tjbmuAaUIQWmSpVlYFTJB2asYCfDkIa5vroX/KxSQQUvxs/IoOaKjy9fsHhyx/v6d2GOfFvw5Sfy/X9XC7X8UryQTZasXoTCfiKGvzfQcGNaHm+i/nDjbwQZdt03MZkgUJ/0DAEARUGCj2jBiOgykB/Gw9ecugQUNkZMPTEeMuhQ0B1gZ4Zf3LoEFBdIK8Gv+DYIaC6QNRgBFQaiLY1CKg00COmzEdApYFoW4OASgMxZT4CqgwUom0NAqoNRNsaBFQa6A01GAFVBqJtDQKqDcSU+QioNBBtaxBQaaAXTJmPgEoDMWU+AioNRNsaBFQaiLY1CKg2EDUYAZUGom0NAioNRNsaBFQbiLY1CKg0EG1rEFBpINrWIKDaQEyZj4BKA71nynwEVBmItjUIqDYQNRgBlQb6YDylBiOgukBh2tYgoNJATJmPgEoD0bYGAZUGom0NAqoNRA1GQKWBaFuDgEoD0bYGAdUGom0NAioN9Mp4zJT5CKguEG1rEFBtIKbMR0ClZ0Da1iCg0kC0rUFAtYGowQioNBBtaxBQbaAnTJmPgCoD0bYGAZUGom0NAqoNRNsaBFQaiLY1CKg0EG1rEFBtINrWIKDSQLStQUClgWhbg4BqA9G2BgFVBgoxZT4CKg1E2xoEVBuIKfMRcIx4KvPlxv2kWSj1V9e3HM2teyu9mONsFacQ6C1T5iPgGNqXAjasXnR5sH15pZgtW5tCbO9vRvNa+vqBaFuDgOOsbnyxyd3xFnZ5tKGa6v8Ma+0pBPqRGoyAIw4Tp41jj9GWiLUuT32x4YZwcn+QwTyeQiDa1iDgGHofa7Qlre96y6Y93LDi5PorO3Zk4OjCwkL6qoHu07YGAS/icwEb5sGZiJuDTSlf2qsGom0NAl7EZyW4YdYH/mnDQfC1zoC0rUHAcUqrtr1a+uogpGGun/m3O6VAtK1BwBFta7tS2bYaY5sa1ol/G6b8XK7v53K5juefWfNWulMJxJT5CDjErshlxR7fNrgRnfeqcMy/2ssLkfRXUlMJRNsaBBxiZuUya84yEG1rEHB0BjyUy0N7poGowQg4LLfmTru9Zx7ONNAHpsxHwDPWXcdxj2cbKPyatjUI2L8cO+9pmH8/EFPmI+AATYmAtK1BwAHnPA0zg0Ah2tYgYJ8vn4aZSSBqMAL2+fJpmJkEom0NAioNRNsaBOyPgq01NYFoW4OAPslNNYFoW4OAPidbLSWBaFuDgD4FzbQLHjMPxJT5CChJDZh5INrWIKDaQLStQUBRDHtXY97PSGP2gZgyHwH/z96ZeKWxLHG4ZxiV1hEQBR3cUIOI+gK4o7jgbjS4bxGNGk1cck2MJje55t6cc897//ebZtijEYzQ7XTVydEJBk9pf+mu6q6uH1KaEBIbEGpSCu6Q0AuyNQCgMQ6gkYJDIFsDABrpzYCwBgOAlAEE2RoA0Pjc6xXnvN5tGgBCy3wA0KhotTBGKgCCbA33ANYnjIZDIFvDPYCUHZqFNRgApOkQyNYAgFQdWgLZGgCQqkMgWwMAUnUIZGsAQKoOgWwN3wC2JY2SQyBbwzWAlZWVPtFzeekRfZQcAtka3pfg6Sh6lS2UHFquxbsuG7Sr5BdAUWtQKdJyqAurZoI7wtwCaPlAPn6wUHLIjDUDAnkFcJE0qByWF+k4ZDDFADTBKswpgChMGlSGKTlkw3GDptG8AkjVIVcCQLilziuA77773iBvDcyAYFQA9LodSkNUkwZiQDAKAPovyU7MlBWyYDAqAKr0qX/qZVoOmckcGAD+uAXQ4iUAblupOWSwBUE9k2MAp5vLxYb6tkaKDlUHQDWEXwBLPG7FqpSe03QoCN1S+QUQoW2nc5uuQyvQJYZbAKn1iE6zAbgdx+0MSKtHdJpF8ACkIZwCSKtHdJot9+FTGGI+AaTWIzrNxkA4iVcAqfWITjMbiDbwmwWz4JDwChpGA4A0HZqHJh2cAmhweixu1Sg7NAQXhHmNAS1OeXHa3U3boUG8DoPMI4DWOVKM0N1P26EL0FDnE0C5nhTE0LuWmQgFTFCVzyWAjk5UuojCbuoOTULPfC4B9C2iUcUh+6g71Au9ArkEkNhU9x8MODQLfYp4BTDT1qxy23PtsdXvFj1z6sOzfauxO68OueBmEo8AHsUs5aWw8r24UdT65jc6Oxt8ihehzsuwJb8AlgfwBYwzdwCSTWjRKKcmIZ5hkpykRIU92kmxNb8AonUojOZ1CW7wzyX/UqS0kqmvNPGCwbqWAWBRSUlJzWM7JFzhWpAN4TQG7HQkn2uMU+rHxeQrTndTBoCVUX2lR3eoC1qW8wqgV7wbwLAcuzKS5xkQCdAulUMA/yD2usd/5xIcluPLc75jQFIYDS1ieAMwqlVo6a+5KwkJy62oUABCYTS3S3CahZUP0W0Y0rEorKw1NTW9U+dFr9dy6W3Ir0OnUBgNAKLERnSLugqXRtONFoTqow+l+XVIGMARGGq+ALxMGgMOgYIwdwCWinJbmyiWqsaAQ0u1eAXGmisAu5vfIPSm2cmIQ4M4CGPNFYCWaGuOZxZGHLrGgWoYbJ4AFKO7zNsiIw4JUBjNGYAvrKM1NaPWF6wAOA+F0XwBeD4sK4o8fM6KQ0NQGM0XgCqCXu85Qw7twf1MzgBEqL7YwI5DZrwD9zO5AfA/5Hh3WlEc9cwAWL4Dmg38AOj5gNCccuT1TLMzJa/jPRhuXgB0P0NoeB+h51Z2ALzCGAqjeQFQVpfeHnUZpidUc4tBYTQ/ADpa0RulE6FOC0MAQmE0PwAuWipLe9TP3X6GAKwOQGE0LwAKvjZ/sfp5/ztDAAogXMMNgGw6BMI1ACBVhwQQrgEAqToEwjUAIFWHlvqgMBoApOnQGBRGA4A0HQLhGm4ANHzv9+d+IynfAIJwDTcADov9jcQYm5JBuIYXAN1zTMYEIFzDC4CWYjaDUiiM5gRA57DAJIAgXMMJgM2itXlfNdYANEBhNB8AtsSMNQBBuIYTAJl1CIRrAEC6DoFwDR/jPbrvaVONPQBBuIYLALvFYXnaL/rYA7A6gK9h3HUPoCNM9IIrhxmMCaAwmgcA5Xrk9qIGN4MAXkFhNAcAWr2o7TXaZhFAoQsKo/UP4HQlei373S0MAogicD9T/wAayhEKN3YXsQjgch8+hZHXOYBMOwTCNRyM9/MXnhp0NMUkgCBco38AR+VpuQGt+ZkEUHgFwjV6B7DtiOwDei1sxgQgXKN7AOV6AmCDzCaAIFyjewCt2wTAIwejWREI1+gdQGdPpzh15F5jFEAQrtF9FuyTjUbZhxgF0ADCNXoHEJ13dp4jVgGEwmj9A8i2Q1AYrevxbmlh9k5I3KAwWs8AGq37zZoxC6AZ70BhtG4BHHb3dL9hOyYoD+ALGH7dhlxFYb+8PycwDCAI16TsCdhcNoO+AFStvtJqPWcYwCtcC8I1WjRiwhibzDoE0MIygCBck4iGNTPrCUBtCTYglgEE4Rpt/TXFAKRzW5XbJCRaGA3CNaRrbNxs+gHQqHUmYrA5UaoFoTAakYv6cXPpB8AnsBGNkLCC+5Z4x686YtLjDPg0HBIGeC+MHloPJPDDfdV6B3DNKrc91x5b/W7RE+3iO+qQHa2UHHrPt3DN6WAtxq8iiTW4a0jfAIaV78WNYn30udHZ2eBTvAhNKYvFi0TZlQaAPBdGG8xdKnOzF4b4PuBkAJtWdA2ghzSKcfiSL/RUItRPri35+ynFBNwWRi+/V6GrHYsBp52E9L7CfWYdA1ikkJW2MakcYrCuIWTtVp+6rZQAtPFZGN273odxYDJzxV2axXhe0C2ANUZySXgxeUvE6W5CSAmTxTl2d6mopKSkppAA8ihcI5wOqivuQCTlf16Zvd1eRqaEIMZj1bwAGJa3UQzAoxiAlUZihUzLuROuKXdFQ7/r1ImuqkKSpIoq8hipLXQqQm0JDsvRJDhtCS74DIiGMFfCNUvz0dAv/UeukjSLEnhd6FSEVhISlrW9F7pJCF/CNb1BNfTbmVxKf7WsIgZgRVn0HxU4FSnoNsyH6DaM7wV5XmtqanpHtmGcxU5a2zAoWhjNh3CNYNsjod/uTz+tXYqbXUuQC5uKUNiIblFX4dJotEcO6kYdCrWNaBIT8SFcU747oOK3Z7sFrPYEgDOrhxMFT0V4PoqLGg+F0UvzOxj3BW+PdpMzILHNs/bjgqYi3APYi7HOC6OvxtTQzzS/dMeXkzHgl62FGIT/Fi4V4R5AYVbXhdHC9Sw55XX9ItA9TMmCb2IQ/vgb97kAwIKYC5t0W5FQHSGh3+DpL3/AMymU2AdEqAMdV51tSj/+wfi/J/Y6ADD/g6Q34ZrEHbehyQAJ/e7pADEuSX/FTkKSNtG+qhL4jxQ6eDtSBgDm13QmXBO/47YyVqt+fn9vL+IDaePW1zv+h/HfP9S58eXGn3mEEABEK7oSronfcSNrb5f53ntGHX9JofE7vmYL4J1/N2aiOzQfv453AIB5Mj0J1xiSFfaD2WhRlG1KW3fvEJBTkbKRtwcvo1mytk2ove2nRRsAfLhFdFQYbcvxitFXaebm7q/GT0UIhCRTkb6tth+jtPIFAPD3TSfCNYYr1+ReIDcAb2akr7/8nkF1Jq1WV+oOVGc/+RTStgm3UssXAMDftycvXLNsi4x19eE0y+qO25a0ec9KmnYq8jm+V51avgAAPsK69WSFa4Re8+ReLO7r6wpGbDu59DmYCElf7v3lZJyK3FRtJAhcWD35+mXkuAMAvCW6ziFMfpqF0cunkWB82jPtTZp7DalZcDYlFh0fpYP74ekdyCjQapcyLPTt08etP6tGJspyHw+9AphbmPzECqOF3ov5wVcaaLUDY+9tS+TFWCKVQ68ruySNZ0P6HsaTQtrbYnby9mxjYSZ1USYkttt/JvHO8dApgFW5hclDtcwWRmf07qte2Q3OxjKNndl115Xhvnf8YlJakM6y8qF8XUtF4u9LL2FFdRP29j+3Pn6qSCFxZmHj7G27fbzuvvHQJ4CZv6J7bZDVwujkfCYMqdPeQHLau1763e99KL08zvKf7qYVaN2GE1nKyyZGqgiJ30LpJJ4cztw5HvoEMLPK9167wAEmC6PjEV1wPT7tBWbXd1cexdfPFdLb7PO0AN5ZyTrAKTse+fL1ZPVgM5QZLtr5ADAZJrdnudCxKVyTcq5BTtcG5y+GHm/L/ET6lkOxC0lFXDmneB03418OT1YX7h4PmAE1Y1O4JnmuMbi78shV8hOh3DaSM1ORLK3jnvHQJ4DjiR/47CbL/+BMCtfks3ffqvQpt/07Q3oq8kgxuS4BnEjJx2bas/s1syhcM9SVv959I5I0kuvuz+6D74rwlQUfb0qbh1qYbN+UpIPx7CYbE2PCNYIrebD76L51fJJWHxASpKUiORHI0T7g5wWpYiIeJtedhKTQSRbBdnkAz9NTy7ht+lNjrq73+epgXyWFJh7wtvRUJKdVmJuTkLoDaSZ1zhs/kKTNLHKRPUxRLePW6a92vjxfGh5136STB73xganI/9m79q+0sS0c8KgIWHmpoIjjExWr2NKxtUoFnOID1JaKqLWttKK1rZeLVRQ7a82s+4/fk1DEByQ5SUhC2N8PjOPq5hyTL3ufvc+3T2q85lcTAU1JFL+7uPFNRBFKcJVclX1bxn36bc61tT1nNmdq8xajDLKeC6wMMamIdLPSGgF9CRQq3P/l9QlORtKsdSuF35Zx/2nA7m+phpXxwzhKCzbGqcjunmR+WWsETFXe/w3GEMqxJSMKvy3jDhj3V9O+8BMUEyHl6/xTwmihMQJmUJVH25SPo1DKzZIEK/q2jDvub6+27o8pk3aJMG/akzBaaIuAaVR9ezOSROjqgtsDKtygVHv3R/kOUFaMvaTRQlMEdCCWFi+KurAilI1wrAHb2haVPCsGu7+2pRrrIi6ElWAqRIs/576/bQICllAIoQTrtsc5XiHG8ybWLHgZX9bvSiljNhdr7v44OjHJPCAjz/mw9rUdCEgnGnGU5FpaB3MIxSpvQd2cKPAEk0CZTOQUu7+tmp/Mx96JyWcNeFMx+Lr2gUlI/lxe6uxudAKGo+iAe8fDdBmvplAo1bZ0+y/a2ubkj8NvsPvbrX1/KFcnJp91wq0suOnt9zlmy7D3ydLPNw1MwIgVxXjVVg8TCFnZFQqb8/ihXpM5Dp8+ksP98enE5MHAu/szurP3c3tFEm6dbjYmAWkBAj99uY8q0AoF9mU4HYd35Tw0Syb3hwNFCBXEf8vDnRDds/3FYmh+Pt+x2XAELAoQ+IJRKGRY47Vuf0/OOPxTJvdHUUl0ULsvfzayWGzW250fedlIBLwvQOD2A9wKhTfyxWF6qF158h6enZgi8HJkvtg6tbu4/0zH4jM1RMCHAgTuQMxDoXAmUxym3d+8PMfS8+7EFIfNjq2ilvbR3PszXYVVo7YIWFGAwJ0NMgoF1mREN0LH4RpL9WV0f0SdmKL/rp9LT3qZ9uW572+ra420QMCUwHOagtscCgV8Fbd6cRyupXfqpN2fXCfTnEdRXs6b2d25tHznzKSHu8caIGBVAQKX4/SZMnEuubTubBk7qNOa3SHs/h7JV/Um68SUBu2lanXl3eP6JyCbAIET7AqFchz+UJs43Lkro/sj78SUDCxao7onIIcAgdMN0t0y2UPOONy7JH0cZtyfnMXGLGknpmQPmnY9IKcAgXtdRCsULk2s3f7FOCzxOb5fsftblPNcQgGdmBKBRW9e5wTkI0Dg/pIYrVBgPe9ER5cRJI3D3Vsyuz+BnZjSQKtZMD8BAicYhQLHgW4Sx2HZ3R99YE48otht1WYdkLcAgROHWe5zj+k4/KhDkjhMu7+9U3kvrNsqsBNToiiswZ0Q/gIEbvA6zoh+jJefib8NjPvblPnCZpDVTakPdUxAMgECZ3zic6Bb9xKOwyJEA8VANCe/+2M6MScoIKCEEyIWIPD0gBnWpPrZBxFxuOOm7WRT9uuaENWJCQR8mDiQCxBYv658oFbMwXanmHx4WdCJ0jfFiBfyN78HxXViAgEf1BQECRBYUDpALBnnomAxDr+hCI7N6H759nR/bU655nexnZhAwPtIIal3lUp1wMNjTMHtCRNHHN4b0bEfHKTbPOvseL80P/dk90XbPcjd/O4T24kJBHyQ0ok43KRaFC7thFzTFLxiPUvmdLf4QtT7xdWiq9taXH6+13ubcb2Pnn9YVM4DusV2YgIB70KUAIEHrjNRTMFLlrJF99oNwR5Vc3Uvdp/MzS+97+g8e6O7swaU/QCkPIqeAwGlm5BIAQKvGg9NQSsbBUfaKgG7uuXFrbX9n29ftlfNguU+Au46Kn28aGQCihcg8ApbebwotObdPAhYdnWb5QJNhVKN49+/8b/++1+5NVEnEnRiAgHLFQUpBAi8KHiJKRjNVAleZYkRX0kBXer553//4O+MnPN+gCR4N7k0nZhAwNLllEaAwI+C6StMl+PKBymQruhM+duvDIpexQ6SidRxPu3oCkauTRy5uRgkUZICAko1IekECPxYk95GKF6RgkQrushlMo7YELdu55LZk1TmcqIQDB+6faXVruh3kxdQKAwEpPHOZh6bKv7onO0x9NM/tNtt5sAK/wlJKUDgScEJmoKpCoPyPUD8/OJkm+FYWfBwHgl3XUxcZlIn2YPctrUCN0PRbewi4+LfTS5TJ2YdEHDd9aulX9/H/NzX/2WMIaDfsuJ5Z57mOyFJBQi8b6EjVpmCPHZCfOHMAfPGvlwmyPK+INNhOFhwpPPHJ4lkLnYVRZwv+eONtNjDsDRDwPEF/NHjL/2vkSGg5R3+GFzlOSFpBQj84bvAFAydkFL/eiLBcO7qxHFNFlBNRReZIH3pYoVHVuZOTPUSsNk1ij/7jXcJ6P2FP2Ztv/9Ja2urk2VCEgsQyCiYI6OgqeuYeUdk6CAf9glJKWijskYnJvTvTqFtNxCQWfYZ/sKfGz13CTgb8DTtmM3FX9kNNKpOiBYgKCfp8BVoCiZ4OeBIOsus3rZTBbeYosotjQ5KCqGgLxJCFxQQsDoBBwZdrp4FMy8PKL0AgRBdB5gIXBR0F1JMyhHNpsWvVktB+5IOxlkBq48sOvABAVlCMP69U+cPcE2I9hy1ECCQOpRgkpUIvnD+d8pxHJSmVn4TtMNZHuR/+Mgo1olZL0kIU4op/7LKhBzFUJRR/HL5ihSsGA6vHcWUw5pwSJh2loN2mB45QeRVTTHlOjHVWIb5D1OG8dM57/T02Ox0C0VNjnqmjLYj9glJUY6VDsFsiYJlcpiCx7kHKYfU5Kdo8hPl4hPyHYZVBwQsFaKH6CjMpBs4+Z3qMXtXnewTYqmfKQMmHB503UhY01mmcLd9cuH+/Y76mpEfr0JDKb6kcltVEDRUREChE+qSoBwrNQXLFTp0xexyJC9lKJD7fFRXji6K84vxx+rsxKw7Ak6IL8dKj8gtCsaOu+Tzzb5CrNru9P0pqrQTExunrwgAAAXSSURBVDygJDzo4jzNo2ZD0/syVWViZSSUOgxLawRU3RpQcb/MCCSiefb4GlR9CaZeCKiyLFgVftk0ccXRMuDLqbUTs/4IKIksU3IKKOyXTWkra++eQ7WdmHVIQCmE6ZJDYb/sK7YMXFXpYHZfKXoYltYIqEoo75fd+ShC2xXPcVBxJyYQULIoqLxfZtpHYxcPst3DuHo7MYGAmgJzjkOscI+CJyo9DAsIqEUKpjAFc3dy8bBaD8MCAmoSh6kQQge3qn4Hau7EBAJqDj4qchIqqcTwyjSj6k5MIKAmwWxOJ8O/tZP14gCBgBoCoxLLqXHXCAjYSBRU4b45ELBhkFajcggI2DhQpXYSCNg46AIPCARUEurUTgIBGwcOyIKBgMoyUIXaSSBgQ0VhFWongYAAICAQEAAEBAABgYAAICAA7jcQEAAEBMD9BgICAWFCALjfQEAgoApwZHC2AhoHTsORugjoNAAaC051EbDJecTytDgFPmVOGc1gmiRmR84m7a8XBNrJPBxMEwgIBAQCwp2FaaoWzfZmOe1kHg6mCQAAAAAAAAAAAACAIqYGLQb6fdc6u8VsHOZttjGm9w62kNu9C+j14yvEZsyQhn5iOzu9I2URMJxz1WsOTJIa2pgdsAXi4dr9NrPN3kQ8z9Z+m3l8UtDVVA1W/KMMAf/Qjw7PWngXlGYeD08P2r4R2/1YaWnxu4ZJzTAmbYF+4uHsgQEMYjPqs21osm/HQ2pID7ZjmCIebsO70vdK/5R4nrOBKY9d7xRwNVUFmoA6yx8U1az/SGI3gC+1EDvK+4vc7FvPjrGfeDh7gPkP8XB+IyXMkKL6e3TEVoND+OPTKulw31w4llABv6CboDICegzT9IVYJbHzGIaF2DWtm1vIzVb7KUxAUju72WKb9ZDPsqf/k3fsl5DL0uzdILfasLVQ05Z1UsNWww7+HDcKuXlqI+BfjHbn9QyBmW7QKMBuWO/Sr5CbrQeaaQKS2q28Gt4xWj4TD2c2+6c/mr8IuCzrLie5lc5vcBk2yK/muNHZ9MXQI+DmaYGACzanALtmz6Tf20Jq1mfBz7gAAjKByvKU2Mw1TgfTcQHjzQwKuCjrtvXhL97HxIYeo8E1vqoJApJ78QWbhxIWuqmZ16RmowaXy2UwuIQNt0BsZntNZ+wW8j+vz/VDwEWxvaPjcI+Aq/nNSc3OaCEEk65jdQsWj8BVOnZlQ6RmrcMYY6vDQoZrttiJzWaNRQ9IbGi3tAu4KN7fBBTy533Wf6zrJOTb9LTh6XQfaSa/oJ8aGBggL8P4p/qG/a4dQYUDI3kZ5r9TnslBPfFfR026NjzreA1Iathk81PkNS1qyLLSN+r1ExuurHh2AuPtdV2GmWJqp0Oktcxi08Fj4hrokM3sndkRVjo1kheiZy0uy6cWAcP9CJh7flHEhjuGForciiko2/zNxIavbGbLwlF9F6IBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA/L+dO3ZtEIjiOG5PGkq4QjBLDGgSDb0WEowoZAqZLDRDXFy6BSxkCKV07x9fzyhtwU49WgrfzxCMZHr8eJfTpwCAf0tftu4SBtQGRrUvgwq/nC2/uTN1PFIxGDWbzRJRfehkXVMO/IGlsCzvat+XL+V6INN9swQ7eSicdkhkm0oVn/QS7NUNU4/T9qUzOVE+mAmgc+OPRtPIL9xFE0BV+LlbzwdYIzfx5kUdQLtql5EaWnOR+NltSPlgJoBJ+zV+bQK408N55xYYXXmfNiGXd4Ft7fTYaebyah+YCWBWHdl5qoR7aAI4rc6kw/ondiwOb2UbwHVa7VFSKYSQ5wkq4McB1IPpU/UU+UHQBDD5CKB1kQ1T5Z8DmCs9zz2e+BodEOYCqB+xtcddAdRdcJDUAdy6j3Ub7FM5GA7gxMl696IjgIt84W3lgw7gXK6qbUhpRXIT+c8bygdzASwDMVjtOgLYi5UcF/V/wGV7GWYRC5HmlA8AAAAAAAAAAAAAAOAXvAPyturslolOAgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)

Out:

    
    SVR complexity and bandwidth selected and model fitted in 0.709 s
    KRR complexity and bandwidth selected and model fitted in 0.290 s
    Support vector ratio: 0.320
    SVR prediction for 100000 inputs in 0.346 s
    KRR prediction for 100000 inputs in 0.371 s
    
    
    # Authors: Jan Hendrik Metzen <jhm@informatik.uni-bremen.de>
    # License: BSD 3 clause
    
    
    import time
    
    import numpy as np
    
    from sklearn.svm import SVR
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV
    from sklearn.model_selection import learning_curve
    from sklearn.kernel_ridge import KernelRidge
    import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    
    rng = np.random.RandomState(0)
    
    # #############################################################################
    # Generate sample data
    X = 5 * rng.rand(10000, 1)
    y = np.sin(X).ravel()
    
    # Add noise to targets
    y[::5] += 3 * (0.5 - rng.rand(X.shape[0] // 5))
    
    X_plot = np.linspace(0, 5, 100000)[:, None]
    
    # #############################################################################
    # Fit regression model
    train_size = 100
    svr = GridSearchCV(SVR(kernel='rbf', gamma=0.1),
                       param_grid={"C": [1e0, 1e1, 1e2, 1e3],
                                   "gamma": np.logspace(-2, 2, 5)})
    
    kr = GridSearchCV(KernelRidge(kernel='rbf', gamma=0.1),
                      param_grid={"alpha": [1e0, 0.1, 1e-2, 1e-3],
                                  "gamma": np.logspace(-2, 2, 5)})
    
    t0 = time.time()
    svr.fit(X[:train_size], y[:train_size])
    svr_fit = time.time() - t0
    print("SVR complexity and bandwidth selected and model fitted in %.3f s"
          % svr_fit)
    
    t0 = time.time()
    kr.fit(X[:train_size], y[:train_size])
    kr_fit = time.time() - t0
    print("KRR complexity and bandwidth selected and model fitted in %.3f s"
          % kr_fit)
    
    sv_ratio = svr.best_estimator_.support_.shape[0] / train_size
    print("Support vector ratio: %.3f" % sv_ratio)
    
    t0 = time.time()
    y_svr = svr.predict(X_plot)
    svr_predict = time.time() - t0
    print("SVR prediction for %d inputs in %.3f s"
          % (X_plot.shape[0], svr_predict))
    
    t0 = time.time()
    y_kr = kr.predict(X_plot)
    kr_predict = time.time() - t0
    print("KRR prediction for %d inputs in %.3f s"
          % (X_plot.shape[0], kr_predict))
    
    
    # #############################################################################
    # Look at the results
    sv_ind = svr.best_estimator_.support_
    plt.scatter(X[sv_ind], y[sv_ind], c='r', s=50, label='SVR support vectors',
                zorder=2, edgecolors=(0, 0, 0))
    plt.scatter(X[:100], y[:100], c='k', label='data', zorder=1,
                edgecolors=(0, 0, 0))
    plt.plot(X_plot, y_svr, c='r',
             label='SVR (fit: %.3fs, predict: %.3fs)' % (svr_fit, svr_predict))
    plt.plot(X_plot, y_kr, c='g',
             label='KRR (fit: %.3fs, predict: %.3fs)' % (kr_fit, kr_predict))
    plt.xlabel('data')
    plt.ylabel('target')
    plt.title('SVR versus Kernel Ridge')
    plt.legend()
    
    # Visualize training and prediction time
    plt.figure()
    
    # Generate sample data
    X = 5 * rng.rand(10000, 1)
    y = np.sin(X).ravel()
    y[::5] += 3 * (0.5 - rng.rand(X.shape[0] // 5))
    sizes = np.logspace(1, 4, 7).astype(int)
    for name, estimator in {"KRR": KernelRidge(kernel='rbf', alpha=0.1,
                                               gamma=10),
                            "SVR": SVR(kernel='rbf', C=1e1, gamma=10)}.items():
        train_time = []
        test_time = []
        for train_test_size in sizes:
            t0 = time.time()
            estimator.fit(X[:train_test_size], y[:train_test_size])
            train_time.append(time.time() - t0)
    
            t0 = time.time()
            estimator.predict(X_plot[:1000])
            test_time.append(time.time() - t0)
    
        plt.plot(sizes, train_time, 'o-', color="r" if name == "SVR" else "g",
                 label="%s (train)" % name)
        plt.plot(sizes, test_time, 'o--', color="r" if name == "SVR" else "g",
                 label="%s (test)" % name)
    
    plt.xscale("log")
    plt.yscale("log")
    plt.xlabel("Train size")
    plt.ylabel("Time (seconds)")
    plt.title('Execution Time')
    plt.legend(loc="best")
    
    # Visualize learning curves
    plt.figure()
    
    svr = SVR(kernel='rbf', C=1e1, gamma=0.1)
    kr = KernelRidge(kernel='rbf', alpha=0.1, gamma=0.1)
    train_sizes, train_scores_svr, test_scores_svr = \
        learning_curve(svr, X[:100], y[:100], train_sizes=np.linspace(0.1, 1, 10),
                       scoring="neg_mean_squared_error", cv=10)
    train_sizes_abs, train_scores_kr, test_scores_kr = \
        learning_curve(kr, X[:100], y[:100], train_sizes=np.linspace(0.1, 1, 10),
                       scoring="neg_mean_squared_error", cv=10)
    
    plt.plot(train_sizes, -test_scores_svr.mean(1), 'o-', color="r",
             label="SVR")
    plt.plot(train_sizes, -test_scores_kr.mean(1), 'o-', color="g",
             label="KRR")
    plt.xlabel("Train size")
    plt.ylabel("Mean Squared Error")
    plt.title('Learning curves')
    plt.legend(loc="best")
    
    plt.show()
    
Total running time of the script: ( 0 minutes 19.182 seconds)

![Launch
binder](data:image/png;base64,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)

`Download Python source code: plot_kernel_ridge_regression.py`

`Download Jupyter notebook: plot_kernel_ridge_regression.ipynb`

© 2007–2020 The scikit-learn developers  
Licensed under the 3-clause BSD License.  
https://scikit-
learn.org/0.24/auto_examples/miscellaneous/plot_kernel_ridge_regression.html

